Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood
Vol.23

Chapter 2201
After luring Little Yun and Fu Chu into the Nuwa Clan, Luo Zheng's mission came to an end.
Whether he could leave this world and return to the Divine Dominion would be decided after the Light of Judgment. Currently, the Nuwa Clan was responsible for improving Fu Chu's cultivation base.
During this time, Luo Zheng had also returned to the Chi Spirit Bone Tower to cultivate in seclusion.
It was conceivable that leaving this world would not be smooth sailing. Facing the warden's clan, a fierce battle was unavoidable.
Moreover, after returning to the Divine Dominion, Luo Zheng would also have to face those Saints. His motivation to improve his cultivation base was also very urgent!
Ever since the Chiyou Clan and the Nuwa Clan joined forces, the atmosphere in the clan had become more positive.
For the Aragami who were born and raised in this world, although they were not that eager to leave this world, they were also yearning to return to their home world which was further away and much larger. Under the leadership of the exiles, almost all of the Aragami's people were training hard.
…
…
The waves on the Sea of Time rolled slightly. Colorful colors rolled up, and countless fragments tumbled within.
White clouds fluttered past, and at a very special angle, the light that reflected on the Sea of Time could dye the clouds into various colors.
In the depths of the Dongfang Clan's floating island.
A pale-golden palace stood there.
The palace had just been built. Although it did not occupy a large area, it was exceptionally exquisite.
If those craftsmen who were good at refining saw this palace, they would probably be speechless.
The entire palace was forged from Ru Yun Gold. This material was normally used in the highest level of magic treasures. And on the surface of the palace, there was a layer of emerald green 'Ru Yun Jade'. This sort of jade was innately able to attract heaven and earth origin energy. Some True Divinities liked to forge Ru Yun Jade into beads and place them in their houses. Like this, they could constantly attract the origin energy from a hundred miles around.
However, this palace was completely covered in Ling Jade. It was obvious how luxurious it was.
Even the wealthy families of the floating island would not be so wasteful.
In the center of the palace, there was a box made of metal. At the top of the box, there was a brown liquid boiling, but no heat could be felt.
A burly figure appeared at the front door of the palace. It was Dongfang Chunjun.
In the Dongfang Clan, and even in front of all the Saints of the wealthy families, he was like a ruler.
Just one look was enough to make countless people tremble in fear. Of course, just one look was enough to kill countless people …
But every time he stepped into this palace, his handsome face would be dyed with a trace of malice.
Dongfang Chunjun slowly walked in front of the glass box and reached out to gently stroke it. As he continued to stroke it, the patterns on the surface of the box began to shine faintly, and the brown liquid began to boil more and more violently.
Soon, a ball of silk-like hair floated out. The hair seemed to have its own consciousness as it slowly curled and twined in all directions.
After a short while, a head slowly floated up from the box.
This head had a clear and unparalleled face. At this moment, its eyes were tightly shut and it was motionless …
Seeing this face, the malice on Dongfang Chunjun's face disappeared without a trace, and his eyes were full of love.
If anyone saw Dongfang Chunjun's expression, they would definitely sigh in their hearts. After all, such an ambitious and ruthless person had never shown his romantic side in front of others.
"Luo River …"
Dongfang Chunjun called out softly.
The eyes on the head did not open. They were still tightly shut, as if she did not hear Dongfang Chunjun's call.
"If you don't like the body I built for you, I can find a way to find your former body," Dongfang Chunjun said again.
During this period of time, Dongfang Chunjun had used all kinds of methods to help Li Luoshui find all kinds of perfect bodies …
With Dongfang Chunjun's methods, it was enough to hunt for rare things in the world.
Someone in the North Sea offered a "Pure Yin Body", someone in the Realm of Enlightenment offered a "Phoenix Body", and a flesh and blood puppet body …
Even if these bodies were not used for themselves, they would be extremely perfect for creating clones.
But Li Luoshui did not even look at them.
Dongfang Chunjun only knew that Li Luoshui despised these bodies. After all, how could mere objects from the Realm of the Gods catch her eye?
Thinking about it, the only thing that could truly satisfy her was her original body.
Hearing this, the eyes of the head finally opened slowly. A trace of surprise appeared in those extremely beautiful eyes.
"My body has been destroyed. Where did you find it?" Li Luoshui asked.
When Dongfang Chunjun saw Li Luoshui's expression, a faint smile bloomed on his face. His gaze also became deep. "Your body has been destroyed, but it was not destroyed in the Sea of Time."
"You want to enter the Sea of Time?" Li Luoshui's thin eyebrows raised slightly.
Dongfang Chunjun nodded slightly.
Li Luoshui sneered. "There are endless space-time fragments in the Sea of Time. Those fragments are all fragmented space-time. If you want to find the former me, it's tantamount to finding a needle in a haystack."
"If the pursuit is not difficult, the harvest is meaningless," Dongfang Chunjun said indifferently.
Wanting to find a specific space-time was like finding a needle in a haystack. It was still too simple.
Since the beginning of the Realm of the Gods, the Sea of Time had slowly expanded.
A period of time in every space would turn into colorful fragments and fall into this Sea of Time.
If one wanted to find the source, they would definitely be able to find it in the Sea of Time. Unfortunately, these fragments were so messy that it was impossible to sort them out …
Li Luoshui stared at Dongfang Chunjun with a slightly complicated gaze.
It was normal for such ambitious words to come from the mouth of a young man. However, it still felt strange for the First Sage of the Realm of the Gods, someone who had lived for countless Divine Epochs, to say such words.
However, in the end, she just sneered and closed her eyes.
Seeing Li Luoshui like this, Dongfang Chunjun was not angry. He allowed her head to slowly immerse in the brown liquid.
"Gurgle …"
Soon, the brown liquid began to boil again.
Then, Dongfang Chunjun laughed bitterly and immediately left the palace.
Dongfang Chunjun had been very busy during this period. On one hand, it was for Li Luoshui. On the other hand, he had to deal with all kinds of matters.
Not long after, Dongfang Chunjun came to the Green Hidden Hall of the Dongfang family's floating island.
As the patriarch of the Dongfang family, today he had to examine the new batch of outstanding disciples of the Dongfang family. These disciples were all new. Some of them had good talent and were recommended by the main family of the Fusang Divine Tree. Some of them performed extremely well in the arena.

Chapter 2202
Hundreds of True Gods stood in the Green Hidden Hall.
Almost half of them came from the floating island and were disciples of the floating island.
The other half came from the Fusang Divine Tree, which was the main branch of the Dongfang family!
Compared to other wealthy families, the Dongfang family had a much deeper foundation. The disciples recommended by the main branch of the Dongfang family could not be ignored. In other words, even if the Dongfang family did not rely on the floating island, they could still cultivate young talents comparable to the disciples of the floating island!
When Dongfang Chunjun appeared, all the disciples of the Dongfang family looked at him with reverence.
These young talents knew that the burly middle-aged man in front of them was the patriarch of the Dongfang family, and also the first Sage of the Divine Realm!
The title of the first Sage might not be so accurate.
After all, Sages would not easily fight with each other. Some Sages might even be more powerful than Dongfang Chunjun.
However, on the surface, most of the True Gods thought that Dongfang Chunjun was the strongest among the Sages!
"Greetings, Great Sage Dongfang!"
The youths in the Green Hidden Hall bowed to Dongfang Chunjun.
Dongfang Chunjun looked down at the crowd and nodded slightly. Then, he said, "The Dongfang family is able to stand at the top of the floating island with the power of the family. It is not because of me alone, but because of all the elites here. You are the future of the Dongfang family.
"According to the rules of the Dongfang family, the most outstanding disciples will be sent here every once in a while. This time, I will personally give out the rewards," Dongfang Chunjun continued.
The youths below immediately looked very interested.
Those who could stand here were those who had the most outstanding performance recently. They had either gained a lot in the forbidden area and contributed a lot to the family, or performed amazingly in the arena and had great potential …
Naturally, they were looking forward to the rewards personally given by the patriarch.
Then, on one side of the Green Hidden Hall, a Secondary Sage of the Dongfang family quietly walked to Dongfang Chunjun's side and whispered to him.
Just as he whispered, Dongfang Chunjun's gaze fell on a corner of the Green Hidden Hall.
The youths in the hall also noticed Dongfang Chunjun's gaze and looked over quietly.
In the corner stood a young man in white clothes.
Soon, Dongfang Chunjun said with a smile, "The land of the Fusang Divine Tree is full of outstanding people. It's the Dongfang family's fortune to have such an elite among the outsiders. Your name is Sky Sword, right?"
After hearing Dongfang Chunjun's words, there was a buzz in the Green Hidden Palace.
"Sky Sword? He is Sky Sword? "
"I didn't expect Sky Sword to be a disciple of my Dongfang Clan's floating island, and an outsider at that …"
"I was wondering which family it belonged to!"
They did not expect that the person in the corner was the number one among the upper true gods in the Arena of Gods. It was said that this guy was planning to challenge a Great Perfection deity above his level!
However, no one knew which wealthy family this guy belonged to.
Some people who were not in the know were even guessing if Sky Sword was that anonymous person!
Now that he had suddenly appeared on the Dongfang family's floating island in the Green Hidden Palace, the Dongfang family's disciples were naturally shocked.
These youths looked at Tian Jian with envy, jealousy, and even hatred. After all, in order to climb to the top, Tian Jian would naturally defeat some of the disciples of the Dongfang family. Some of the disciples of the Green Hidden Palace had been defeated by Tian Jian.
Sky Sword cupped his hands at Dongfang Chunjun and answered loudly, "Yes!"
"Not bad." Dongfang Chunjun showed a hint of approval. "To be able to win all the way up without a single defeat, you are considered one of the most outstanding people in the history of the Divine Era …"
Speaking of this, an undetectable haze appeared in Dongfang Chunjun's eyes.
Sky Sword had won 29 matches in a row. Even the Sages could not achieve such a record back then.
However, when it came to winning streaks, Dongfang Chunjun could not help but think of the anonymous person, Luo Zheng!
The last time in the underground world, Li Luoshui sent Luo Zheng away with great magical power.
With Dongfang Chunjun's character, he would definitely not let it go. However, he had searched almost the entire divine territory and could not find any trace of that guy. This made Dongfang Chunjun very unhappy.
His hatred for Luo Zheng was not only to eliminate the root of the problem, but also because of Luo Zheng's identity. He was Luo Xiao's son, Li Luoshui's son. How could he, Dongfang Chunjun, tolerate the existence of such an unfilial son?
As a man, no matter how magnanimous he was, he was destined to be narrow-minded in the face of such things!
"I hope you can continue to work hard and create the first winning streak record," Dongfang Chunjun said again.
Then, he reached out and gently pinched. Two rays of light, one green and one yellow, slowly spiraled from his hand and turned into two swords in a short while.
After seeing these two swords, the people below immediately began to discuss in low voices again.
"It's a pair of green and yellow swords."
"The green sword is Five Spirits, and the yellow sword is Missing Moon. The master actually gave this pair of swords to Sky Sword, an outsider!"
"That's not right. Sky Sword doesn't use dual swords. Why did he give this pair of swords?"
The green and yellow swords slowly floated in Dongfang Chunjun's hand. His gaze then fell on a woman beside Sky Sword.
This woman was wearing a tri-colored dress. Her appearance was pure and beautiful, and she exuded a different kind of vitality just by standing there.
"Dongfang Yingqing, you belong to the Heng family, right? Send my greetings to your father, Hengmin, for me. Your branch has produced a smart and beautiful girl, not bad! I'll give this pair of green and yellow swords to the two of you, "Dongfang Chunjun said with a faint smile.
This woman was Dongfang Yingqing, whom Hua Tianming had saved.
Ever since Hua Tianming saved her, Dongfang Yingqing had been following him.
Later, she actually became dependent on him. Even when she had the chance to return to the Dongfang family, she couldn't leave him.
In Dongfang Yingqing's eyes, Sky Sword was always so mysterious.
Until now, Dongfang Yingqing still couldn't see through him. Perhaps it was this mysterious aura that exuded an attraction that made her ignore everything else.
Although Dongfang Yingqing had brought a person of unknown origin into the Dongfang family, which was quite a hidden danger, and Sky Sword had to have ulterior motives for suddenly asking to join the Dongfang family. However, she still helped Sky Sword hide everything, such as the shocking fact that he could eat stone slabs. She did all this willingly.
In the eyes of outsiders, Sky Sword was able to enter the floating island because of Dongfang Yingqing. If they became divine companions in the future, Sky Sword would naturally belong to the Dongfang family.
However, Dongfang Yingqing knew that she and Sky Sword were only in a subordinate relationship.
"Children, what are you waiting for? Hurry up and thank the patriarch!" the quasi-sage urged from above.
Hua Tianming had a faint smile on his face as he cupped his hands toward Dongfang Chunjun from afar. Dongfang Yingqing also clasped her hands and bowed.
"Thank you, Great Sage Dongfang!"
"Thank you, patriarch!"

Chapter 2203
Dongfang Chunjun indeed cherished Sky Sword's talent.
He had also heard that Sky Sword had joined the Dongfang family because of Dongfang Yingqing. He had bestowed this pair of green and yellow swords to Sky Sword.
After bestowing these two swords, Dongfang Chunjun also bestowed rewards to the other outstanding disciples.
Hua Tianming put the swords into his spatial ring and stood quietly in a corner, quietly sizing up Dongfang Chunjun in front of him.
This was the first time Hua Tianming had seen his target.
If it was just based on first impressions, Hua Tianming would find it hard to dislike this handsome middle-aged man.
However, this was Hua Tianming's fate. This fate was engraved in his bones, and no matter how many twists and turns he went through, it could not be changed.
This was also the reason why Luo Xiao had created him …
Using Dongfang Yingqing to infiltrate the Dongfang family was Hua Tianming's first step.
Here, he could obtain more resources for his own cultivation. More importantly, he could gain the trust of the Dongfang family and even Dongfang Chunjun.
After Dongfang Chunjun bestowed rewards, he left with the quasi-sages of the family.
With the elders gone, the young elites in the Hidden Green Hall immediately became noisy.
These True Gods were either fighting in the Arena of Gods, cultivating in seclusion, or shuttling through forbidden areas all day long. They rarely had the chance to gather together.
They were all talented and proud people, so it was inevitable that they would have thoughts of comparison when gathered together.
Most of them had their eyes on Hua Tianming and Dongfang Yingqing. There was a hint of hostility in those eyes.
After all, this was the Dongfang family. How could the disciples of the family tolerate an outsider receiving the best reward?
Hua Tianming realized something and smiled faintly. He said to Dongfang Yingqing, "Let's go."
Dongfang Yingqing nodded and was about to leave with Hua Tianming.
This was also her first time stepping onto the Dongfang family's floating island. She didn't have much of a sense of belonging to this place. If it weren't for the Sky Sword, she might not have set foot here in her entire life, even though she was qualified to enter the floating island.
But at this moment, a voice with a slight smile sounded, "I didn't expect the Heng branch of the Dongfang family to be in such dire straits. There's no one in our family, but we actually betrayed our own woman to rope in an outsider. This is too shameful. I'm really sorry for the surname 'Dongfang', hehe …"
Hearing this, Dongfang Yingqing frowned.
The Dongfang family's roots were huge, and the internal competition was also very fierce.
Although the Heng Lineage was only a branch lineage, it also had a Secondary Saint overseeing it. It was not as embarrassing as that person said.
It was just that the person who spoke was deliberately looking for trouble, so his words were naturally very unpleasant.
Dongfang Yingqing also knew that these people weren't targeting her, but Sky Sword. However, she didn't want Sky Sword to get involved in this conflict.
"Let's go!" Dongfang Yingqing pulled Hua Tianming and was about to leave.
However, Hua Tianming stood in place and didn't move.
Instead, he turned around and smiled faintly. In a clear voice, he said, "If you want to target me, just come directly. Why bother mocking your own clansmen like this? You're making a fool of yourself by playing such tricks! "
Clap, clap, clap …
A person slowly walked out from the crowd and clapped his hands lightly. This person wore a golden crown and had a vermillion jade pendant on his body. He exuded a sense of luxury.
When everyone saw this person, they thought that there would be a good show to watch today.
This person was called Dongfang Xunfeng. He was a native of the floating island, and his father was another Sage of the Dongfang family.
Although he was extremely talented, his name had never appeared on the Pantheon Jade Wall. It was said that his father didn't allow him to enter the Arena of Gods.
"I heard that you had an extraordinary performance in the Arena of Gods. Now, it seems that you do have some guts. In that case, I, Dongfang Xunfeng, will get straight to the point. Please enlighten me." Dongfang Xunfeng's eyes flashed with a strange light.
The corners of Hua Tianming's mouth curled up slightly. He had never rejected such challenges. In other words, he wouldn't miss any opportunity to train himself.
…
…
God Realm, Sky Dragon Region.
Black Thunder Mountain Range.
Bolts of reddish-gold lightning circled the peak of the mountain range all year round.
Even if a True God walked in the Black Thunder Mountain Range, they had to be careful. If they were accidentally struck by the reddish-gold lightning in the sky, it wouldn't be fun. If they weren't careful, they might be completely destroyed.
Generally speaking, if an upper-level True God had extraordinary strength, they could walk alone.
If it was an intermediate or lower-level True God, they would have to form a group and use all kinds of methods to attract lightning, thunderbolts, and intercept lightning to carefully pass through.
Today, a lower-level True God had appeared in the Black Thunder Mountain Range!
And this lower-level True God only had a lousy sword.
"Crackle, crackle …"
A golden light flashed, and the sound of a bucket-sized reddish-gold lightning exploding was deafening.
The lower-level True God raised his head to take a look, and there was a faint look of fear on his face.
"Hey, hey, hey. Are you sure I want to enter the mountain alone? Why don't you wait? If I can join a True God's group, it'll be easier, right? "The lower-level True God had a helpless look on his face.
"Join someone else's group? Hehe, with your cultivation, they won't take a liking to you. Who would want you to join them? Moreover, we're going to look for the Thunder Mountain's secret treasure. Do you plan on sharing it with others? Among these Daoists, you're the weakest, have the worst talent, and are the most cowardly! If you don't work hard, you won't even be qualified to watch in the future, "the lousy sword ridiculed.
This lower-level True God was Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao. After he had achieved godhood, he had snuck in not long ago.
The first thing he did after entering the God Realm was to take the Thunder Mountain's secret treasure. This was the treasure left behind by the previous owner of the lousy sword.
Although this lousy sword was telling the truth, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was still faintly unconvinced.
Speaking of which, he was able to stand out in the Great Evolution Universe because of this lousy sword in his hand.
Now that he had entered the God Realm, he had relied on this lousy sword to guide him all the way.
It could be said that everything he had was bestowed upon him by this lousy sword.
"You're the coward," he retorted. With a stomp of his foot, he turned into a streak of light and dashed along the undulating mountain range.
"Crackle, crackle …"
After he entered the Black Thunder Mountain Range, the reddish-gold lightning bolts in the sky seemed to have found a target and continuously smashed down on him.
However, Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao used a strange movement technique. Like a loach in water, he nimbly twisted and turned, and those reddish-gold lightning bolts all missed.
Some of the True Gods in the Black Thunder Mountain Range revealed strange expressions when they saw Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
"Look, a lower-level True God actually came in!"
"He's really courting death!"

Chapter 2204
Fortunately, that lousy sword by Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's side was very familiar with the Mystic Thunder Mountain Range.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao relied entirely on his own strength to force his way through the outskirts of the mountain range.
When Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao entered the inner area of the Mystic Thunder Mountain Range, those Crimson Gold Mystic Bombs became even more powerful and faster. With Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's current strength, he was indeed unable to force his way through.
However, that lousy sword was already prepared.
The origin of this Mystic Thunder Mountain Range was quite deep.
It was once the ancestral land of a large clan in the Divine Domain. This clan had produced Saints, and dozens of Divine Epochs ago, they had also entered the Sea of Time and became a powerful clan. For a time, they were incomparably famous in the Divine Domain.
Unfortunately, this glory didn't last for long.
Because they were ostracized by the League of Wealthy Clans, and because this clan's foundation was too deep, their floating islands were quickly squeezed into the Sea of Time by the League of Wealthy Clans. At the same time, they implicated the clan's ancestral land and were tragically exterminated.
Now, that lousy sword was guiding Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao to take away all of this clan's inheritance.
The lousy sword itself was also burdened with hatred.
However, this hatred could not be repaid with just a single sword.
Later on, this lousy sword was obtained by Luo Xiao, who let it choose a sword wielder in the Universe of Great Expansion. In the end, it placed its hopes on Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao.
Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao was ultimately unable to exact revenge by relying on a single Dao disciple. However, its goal was the same as Luo Xiao's. Now, it was assisting Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao for its own sake!
After entering the inner area, that lousy sword's blade flashed with a strange light blue rune. When this rune entered Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's mind, a blue path appeared in front of Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao's eyes.
This blue path meandered through the mountain range, extending into the distance.
When Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao advanced along this path, he discovered that all of the Crimson Gold Mystic Bombs seemed to have grown eyes and actually avoided him completely …
No matter how dense the lightning on both sides of the path was, in the end, not a single Mystic Bomb landed on him!
He smoothly entered the inner area of the Mysterious Lightning Mountain Range and walked to the end of the path. It was an inconspicuous precipice.
Many True Gods had passed by this place before, but they did not notice anything strange.
The history of the Mystic Thunder Mountain Range was widely spread in the Divine Dominion. Many True Gods hoped to excavate some ruins and obtain some benefits from this ancestral land of the rich and powerful. They might even obtain some lost inheritances.
However, after so many years, he still hadn't found anything.
The reason was that they did not possess this broken sword …
When the Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao brandished this broken sword, she finally managed to knock open the door to the ancestral land of this great clan.
Soon, his figure disappeared in front of the cliff.
…
…
To the Divine Realm, these years were eventful times.
On the surface, the entire Divine Realm seemed as stable as the surface of a calm lake. But, in reality, it was filled with dangers.
During this period of time, the Governing Slate had trembled a few times, and the 833rd rule recorded on the Governing Slate had been triggered multiple times.
If it had been in the past, the wealthy Jiang family would have reacted strongly to such things.
After all, the Jiang family was in charge of receiving people, and they were in charge of the entrances between the various universes and the Divine Realm …
However, after Yu Taibai's warning, the Jiang family's reaction was very calm. It was almost to the point of indifference.
They knew that the problem originated from the Universe of Dayan, but in such a delicate situation, the Jiang family chose to remain silent.
During this period of time, three Saints of the Wealthy Alliance had fallen, and the universe that the Liu family's Saint had constructed had completely collapsed.
In other words, of the three Saints who had fallen, two could be resurrected, and the Liu family's Saint would forever be dead.
The myth of Saints being immortal was shattered for the second time, and this time, it was even more shocking.
After all, the prerequisite to killing a Saint was to shatter the universe …
However, someone had managed to kill a Saint and sever the connection between the Saint and the universe. Such a method was almost unheard of.
Later, news slowly spread among the wealthy families. It was said that Dongfang Chunjun had led a team to the Han family's ancestral land and found a woman. This woman had drawn out the Black Fire Torrent underground, which had swept away the lives of the three Saints. It was this woman who'd used a remarkable ability to cause the death of one of the Saints. At the same time, she'd severed the connection between the Saint and the universe, causing the universe to shatter.
On this day, the Governance Slate vibrated again.
In the Azure Demon Region, two quadrillion kilometers away from the Sea of Time, a woman in a light blue cotton dress fell out of a transportation tunnel and landed heavily on the grass.
"Ugh …"
Dizzy from the fall, she crawled up from the ground and looked at the desolate scenery around her with an aggrieved expression.
"Where is this …"
After looking around, her aggrieved expression turned into confusion.
Before she'd sneaked in, Lady Startail had told her that she could quickly find that immortal residence.
And Luo Zheng was very likely waiting for her there …
But where was the immortal residence in front of her?
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Just as she was at a loss, a row of light appeared in the distance.
Seven or eight tall and sturdy men flew over.
Most of these men were Proof of Divinity martial artists. Of the two men in the lead, one was a lower true god, and the other was a middle true god!
In such a remote place, it was indeed rare for a middle true god to appear.
"Why would a woman appear here?"
"Haha, the heavens must have prepared her for Boss!"
"Bring her back and present her to Boss!"
When these burly men saw the woman, excitement appeared on their faces and they all gathered around her.
The woman didn't panic and just stared blankly at these men. Instead, she asked, "Where … is this?"
"This is the Azure Demon Region," the middle true god in the lead replied.
"Azure Demon Region?"
The woman's expression became even more confused.
She vaguely remembered that the immortal residence was located in the Waterspout Forest. If she entered the divine region, she had to enter the forest to enter the immortal residence …
"Where is the Waterspout Forest?" the woman finally asked.
"The Waterspout Forest? Hehe, it's not far from here, but it's not a place you can enter. "The middle true god laughed maliciously, his gaze sweeping over her body.
The Waterspout Forest was the same as the other forbidden areas, constantly expanding.
Now, it had already occupied three quarters of the Azure Demon Region. The large and small families that had once lived in the Azure Demon Region had long since moved away. Those who gathered in the Azure Demon Region were all notorious villains of the divine region.
"Why can't I enter?" the woman asked curiously.
Seeing the woman's confused expression, the middle true god laughed even more wantonly. "If you want to know why, then follow us and you'll know!"
If it were any other woman, facing such a situation, they would be very vigilant. How could they so easily follow others?

Chapter 2205
When the group of strong men heard this woman's reply, they immediately burst into laughter.
They had wanted to capture this woman, but they hadn't expected that this woman of unknown origin would have such a strange temperament. She didn't have the slightest bit of vigilance …
"Then come with me." The middle True Divinity led the way.
The other Proving Divinities and lower True Divinities followed behind. Like this, they brought the woman away.
Looking at this scene, it was as if they were holding her hostage, but the woman still didn't notice anything strange.
The Azure Demon Region had very few people. After the city had been abandoned, it had been reduced to ruins. The plants of the entire Azure Demon Region had also been affected by the forbidden area of Takeshi Xuan Forest, growing abnormally tall.
Weeds that were originally knee-high could now grow to dozens of feet high. As for those towering trees, they grew even stronger, nearly blocking out the sun.
Occasionally, strange cries could be heard from the depths of the forest, causing one's hair to stand on end.
The woman finally became alert and asked, "You … where do you plan on taking me?"
"We're taking you to see our boss!" The middle True Divinity chuckled.
Hearing this, she immediately became unhappy. "I want to find Takeshi Xuan Forest, not your boss!"
"Our boss knows where Takeshi Xuan Forest is," the middle True Divinity explained.
The middle True Divinity was also thinking that it was better to avoid unnecessary trouble. If this woman obediently followed him, he wouldn't have to do anything.
If she didn't listen, then he couldn't be blamed for taking action.
"Oh …"
The woman's face was a bit reluctant. Even if she was stupid, she could tell that something was wrong.
However, she was still too inexperienced.
In the Realm of the Gods, her master had protected her. Even in the Illusory Battlefield, she could rely on her strength to crush countless powerhouses.
Now that she was in the Realm of the Gods, many things were no longer under her control.
Even before she had snuck into the Realm of the Gods, they had warned her and taught her. But now, she was still confused, completely unable to tell north from south.
Not long after, a thousand foot high wall appeared in front of them. This used to be a large city, but now it had become this group's lair.
After the woman crossed the city wall with them, the middle True God shouted at the top of his lungs, "Boss, boss, today I snatched a beautiful woman for you! And a dignified lower True Divinity at that! I really don't know where he came from, hahaha … "
Along with the laughter, more and more figures appeared from the broken tiles and walls.
These people were all men. Most of them were Testimonial Martial Artists. There were a few Lower True Gods among them.
"There's actually a woman in the Azure Devil Region?"
"This woman's background is unknown …"
"F * ck, I haven't seen a woman for hundreds of years!"
Their gazes towards this woman were more or less blazing.
However, they also knew that since this woman was captured, she definitely belonged to their boss. They could only look on with envy.
Hearing this, the woman finally understood the situation in front of her. These people were actually evil people who had tricked her into coming here.
The horror in the woman's eyes deepened, and the Godhead within her internal world began to flicker violently.
She was simple-minded, but she wasn't stupid in the end. Otherwise, she wouldn't have been able to attain the Divine Dao so quickly!
"Swish —"
Streaks of purple gas burst out, turning into four purple longswords that circled in front of her.
Under the swirling of those four swords, the surrounding thousand feet around her was suddenly filled with sand and stones. The Testimonial Martial Artists who were originally behind her saw that things were not going well and immediately scrambled away from this woman to open up a distance.
The God Slaying Sword Array formed by the four swords emitted a dangerous aura.
When those Testimonial Martial Artists saw this, their hearts couldn't help but jump. Now, it was their turn to be terrified …
Even that Middle True God looked at this woman with a hint of fear in his eyes.
He didn't expect this silly woman to have such strength!
Of course, he wasn't afraid of this woman's strength. No matter how strong this woman was, it was impossible for her to be a match for their boss.
However, ordinary families simply didn't have the ability to cultivate such a Lower True God. He was afraid that this woman had some background.
They, this group of bandits, could only survive in this desolate land. If they really provoked some big force, it wouldn't take long for them to be annihilated!
"Rumble …"
At this moment, a large and heavy stone slab in the distance suddenly stood up and floated up, smashing towards the woman's head.
The woman lightly bit her dark red lips.
The longsword in front of her vibrated with a "weng" sound.
No one saw how she attacked, but the stone slab immediately shattered into pieces, turning into a pile of rubble in front of her.
Behind these rubble, a short Upper True God appeared.
This Upper True God's appearance was extremely ugly. His eyes were like copper bells, his eyebrows were like silkworms, and more importantly, his mouth was like a pair of sausages. Looking at him gave people a strange feeling.
"Gululu, Ah Bing, well done. This woman is indeed full of life. She must be delicious, hahaha." The Upper True God cracked open his large mouth and laughed.
Although his face was happy, the woman couldn't laugh.
With her strength, how could she resist an Upper True God?
However, she really had no other choice. After all, there was no hope in this world.
Her slender, snow-white fingers lightly formed a sword seal. Four purple longswords suddenly moved, heading straight for the Upper True God.
The killing move of the God Slaughtering Sword Array was indeed very fierce.
Even some Middle True Gods in the Deity Realm would find it difficult to resist the might of these four swords!
But the Upper True God suddenly opened his bloody mouth, revealing a mouthful of white, slender fangs. With a "hu" sound, he sucked the four swords into his mouth and swallowed them into his stomach!
This person cultivated the Heaven Devouring Art and could devour almost all things.
Afterwards, the Upper True God rubbed his stomach and laughed, "The Dao formed by the Purple Cloud Divine Dao is indeed incomparably delicious. Little girl, why did you come to the Azure Demon Region?"
Seeing this scene, the woman fell into despair.
She began to resent herself in her heart. She had always wanted to enter the Whirlpool Forest to find her husband. She had strongly requested to sneak into the territory closest to the Whirlpool Forest.
But she never thought it would be such a damned place …
If she couldn't leave this place, she was afraid she could only end her life in this world!
A miserable expression appeared on her pretty face. She bitterly said, "I want to go to the Whirlpool Forest. I want to find my husband!"
The Whirlpool Forest was a forbidden area in the Deity Realm. Only those from the Noble Floating Islands had the qualifications to explore it. This woman actually said her husband was in the Whirlpool Forest.
Hearing this, the others present all burst into laughter.

Chapter 2206
This upper True God was Wu Yu, the big-mouthed monster Luo Zheng had released from the dungeon back then.
He and the Extreme Evil Old Man had a terrible reputation in the divine territory. The Extreme Evil Old Man was anxious to recover his former subordinates and restore his former glory, so he naturally hurried back to the Vast Sky Territory.
As for Wu Yu, she remained in the Azure Demon Region and gathered some of the villains in the Azure Demon Region, roping in a group of factions.
Although the Azure Demon Region was barren, he had been very happy these days.
Thus, it was not a coincidence that he could meet this woman here.
After being imprisoned in the Immortal Abode for so long, Wu Yu naturally knew that the Immortal Abode was the only suitable place to live in in the Takanxuan Forest.
Thus, when he heard the woman's words, his heart skipped a beat and he asked.
"I don't know. I only know that there is an Immortal Abode in the Takanxuan Forest," the woman replied with pursed lips.
"There is an Immortal Abode in the forbidden area?"
"Monsters run amok in the Takanxuan Forest. Who has the ability to build an Immortal Abode in there …"
"Hahaha …"
The fiendish fellows around them roared with laughter.
Although in their opinion, this woman belonged to their boss, it was still okay to tease her before she was eaten by him.
Wu Yu's heart was as clear as a mirror. This confirmed that this woman was Luo Zheng's woman!
After all, when they left the dungeon, Wu Yu and the Extreme Evil Old Man swore on their Inner Demons that they would serve Luo Zheng for life …
Of course, this did not mean that Wu Yu could not devour this woman. After all, his Inner Demons Oath was only targeted at Luo Zheng and not the people around Luo Zheng.
However, he really did not dare to devour her …
Wu Yu was very clear about how perverse Luo Zheng's background was.
Saint Gu's disciple, Firmament Saint's son …
If he really ate this woman and the slightest bit of news leaked out in the future, he could imagine how miserable his fate would be.
Moreover, although Wu Yu was an extremely evil person, he was definitely not an ungrateful person.
He still had to thank Luo Zheng for being able to leave the damned dungeon where he had been imprisoned for several divine epochs.
If he could send this woman back to the Immortal Mansion and return her to Luo Zheng, he would be able to sell a favor to Luo Zheng. Who knows, he might even be able to make Luo Zheng repay the Heart Demon Oath!
Thinking up to this point, Wu Yu's big mouth opened slightly and she asked, "The person you're talking about in the Immortal Mansion is called Luo Zheng?"
The woman was already in despair, but when she heard this, she was slightly startled. She couldn't help but nod her head. Her watery eyes widened as she stared blankly at the big mouth monster's ugly face.
"Boss, is there really such a person?" the middle true god asked.
Wu Yu nodded. "That person … is my benefactor."
"Benefactor …"
A look of joy appeared on the woman's face. She hadn't expected the situation to take a turn for the better.
"I can take you to the Waterspout Forest, but that forest is a forbidden zone of the Realm of the Gods. I can't guarantee whether or not you can enter. I can only take you to try your luck …"
Wu Yu said.
During this period of time, strange changes had occurred in the Waterspout Forest. Strange changes had occurred in the entire Azure Demon Region.
As the Waterspout Forest was a forbidden zone, one could leave from any place. However, one could only enter from the entrance. Once the entrances were sealed, one could only enter from the floating island.
Therefore, he couldn't take this woman in.
But thinking of the North Sage's remarkable abilities, and the Immortal Mansion that stood in the middle of the forest, they could at least try their luck.
When the woman heard this, she was naturally overjoyed.
As for the group of people following Wu Yu, they were completely speechless. They didn't expect this woman who appeared out of nowhere to have a relationship with their boss …
…
…
In the depths of the Waterspout Forest, there was an emerald green lake.
This lake was like a jewel, embedded in the middle of the forest.
In the middle of this' jewel 'floated a golden' swim bladder '. This swim bladder emitted a strong medicinal fragrance. This medicinal fragrance had a fatal attraction to any ferocious creature.
It was unknown what was at the bottom of the lake, but it was actually teasing this swim bladder, causing it to rise and fall …
On top of this swim bladder, there was a transparent fishing line.
This fishing line extended all the way to the lakeside, into the forest, into the large trees, all the way to millions of miles into the Immortal Mansion!
Today, Ning Yudie and the rest were locked in the Cultivation Pagoda, unable to take a single step out!
The entire Immortal Mansion was filled with the stench of blood, and everywhere was filled with the thick smell of blood!
On the square in front of the Immortal Mansion, there were broken wings, bird bones, several-hundred-foot-long ape arms, shattered skulls, and even brain matter flowing everywhere …
If someone with a weak heart saw this scene, they would most likely vomit.
In the middle of the square, Yu Taibai had already taken off his shirt.
The originally refined Yu Taibai was now filled with bulging muscles. The towering veins between his muscles flowed with a riot of colors.
An extremely powerful and tyrannical force flowed wildly within his body, exuding an unparalleled domineering aura!
"Get rid of this batch." Yu Taibai clenched his fists, his voice transmitted into the Immortal Mansion.
In the octagonal pavilion in the Immortal Mansion, Jing Wuhuan held a fishing rod, his tender face looking into the distance, his eyes filled with nervousness. "We cannot disturb the things in the lake, cannot disturb Yu Shen Feng, not even the slightest bit. Aunt Jiu, continue to send those monsters to the Immortal Mansion!"
Last time, they had tried to gain control of the Takixuan Forest, but they had failed.
Later, when Yu Taibai brought Luo Yan into the Immortal Mansion, Jing Wuhuan changed his plan, and Yu Taibai played an extremely important role in this plan.
Aunt Hanjiu, who was millions of miles away from the Immortal Mansion, stood on her tiptoes on a treetop.
Within her field of vision, tens of thousands of ferocious creatures were swarming over from all directions, heading straight for the lake.
These monsters were the most powerful monsters in the Takixuan Forest!
There were blood-colored and even golden apes, as well as the hundreds of feet long Takixuan Birds in the sky. Even a peak stage expert would find it difficult to deal with them.
However, Aunt Hanjiu had already arranged everything in advance.
She had created a "Purple Sky Absolute Ground", this side of the world had already completely isolated the lake.
The exit of the Purple Sky Absolute Ground was connected to the Immortal Mansion.
"Mm!"
Aunt Hanjiu nodded slightly, her fingertip lightly pointing.
Bursts of purple qi spread out in all directions, immediately enveloping countless monsters in the Purple Sky Absolute Ground.
After a short while …
The overwhelming number of monsters were forcibly moved to the huge square in the Immortal Mansion in an instant.
All of the monsters rushing towards the lake were sent into the Immortal Mansion, then handed over to Yu Taibai to kill!
Of course, Yu Taibai would also borrow the power of the Immortal Mansion's great formation. After all, he bore the greatest pressure. During this time, he had already killed countless monsters …
"Huff huff …"

Chapter 2207
"Pop pop pop pop pop …"
Under Yu Taibai's fists, those monsters were unable to resist at all.
After passing through Purple Sky Absolute Land, they were hit by this kind of attack. Without any time to react, they were all turned into pools of blood mist.
The weaker monsters were simply swept up by Yu Taibai's qi waves and were torn apart …
And these monsters, even a perfect circle would find it hard to deal with.
In the octagonal pavilion, Jing Wuhuan saw this scene and couldn't help but click his tongue.
"This guy … really is abnormally strong …"
In the past, Yu Taibai was indeed strong but the difference between him and Jing Wuhuan wasn't that big.
If he met Yu Taibai in the Arena of Gods, Jing Wuhuan would have about a 40% chance of winning.
But now, Yu Taibai's strength had already pulled away from Jing Wuhuan. Without a doubt, this was because of Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
"After controlling a forbidden area, his strength actually increased by leaps and bounds. I wonder what Xian An will do in the future …" As Jing Wuhuan pondered, he suddenly felt the fishing rod in his hand tremble slightly.
His round eyes suddenly flashed and his expression changed. "There's a reaction, Xian An! Pay attention! "
That thin fishing line was tens of thousands of miles long, but Jing Wuhuan could still feel the slight vibrations coming from it.
In the lake ten thousand miles away, the swimming bladder floating on the surface of the water began to move up and down, violently shaking up and down!
In the void above the fish bladder, Yu Shenfeng retracted all of his aura.
He had been hiding here for a few days and nights.
The thing they wanted to catch was very careful. As long as there was any movement, it would curl up in the depths of the lake.
Now, the little thing in the lake had finally taken the bait.
Yu Shenfeng was naturally still somewhat nervous. If he let that thing escape, their efforts would have been for naught!
"Plop, plop, plop …"
The movement of the fish bladder became more and more intense. This meant that the little thing in the lake was becoming more and more intense.
Jing Wuhuan suddenly stood up in the immortal estate. His lotus root like arm suddenly rose and pulled the fishing rod fiercely. At the same time, he transmitted to Yu Shenfeng. "Now!"
"Shua!"
Under the tug of the fishing line, the power was transmitted to the lake ten thousand li away.
"Hula …"
The swimming bladder that was floating on the surface of the water was pulled up along with a small yellow thing.
The little thing was only the size of a palm and was round like a small gourd. There were two small dots in the center of the gourd, which looked like a human's eyes. There were also small limbs sticking out of its body. It looked like a little human that had yet to fully develop.
This was the Soul of the Forest of the Take-swirling Forest, and also the key to controlling the Take-swirling Forest.
This lake was hidden in the deepest part of the Takeshi Xuan Forest, and it was surrounded by the nests of several vicious beasts!
Once someone got close to the lake, it would alert all the ferocious creatures in the entire Takeshi Xuan Forest.
Just dealing with these monsters wasn't an easy task. If there was even the slightest movement around the lake, the Soul of the Forest would hide in the lake, making it impossible to capture.
That was why he had failed to capture this little thing the last time …
This time, with the help of Aunt Han Jiu, all of the monsters were isolated outside.
In the surroundings of the lake, countless ferocious creatures constantly came to besiege, but no matter how great the commotion was, it was already blocked by the Purple Sky Absolute Land!
"Now!"
At this moment, Yu Shenfeng was extremely serious.
For this opportunity, his eldest senior brother had paid a great price. If he messed it up, his fate would be miserable …
The moment Yu Shenfeng emerged from the void, he crossed his hands and grabbed at the Soul of the Forest!
"Whoosh!"
Yu Shenfeng's movements were incomparably fast. By the time the Soul of the Forest noticed, it was already in his hands.
"Squeak squeak squeak …"
The little thing let out a panicked squeak, and its small body began to wildly twist and turn.
A layer of pale yellow light appeared on its surface. This layer of light made it so slippery that Yu Shen Feng couldn't hold on to it and let it slip out of his hand!
"Want to run?"
Yu Shenfeng's face darkened, and he suddenly pinched the air, causing a circular spatial crack to appear around the Soul of the Forest.
He'd completely sealed off the space around the Soul of the Forest!
"Squeak squeak squeak …"
The Soul of the Forest sensed that something was wrong and began to scream crazily.
At this moment, the entire Takeshi Xuan Forest came to life …
Those towering trees, which were thousands of meters tall, were swaying crazily. The eyes of every ferocious insect and ferocious beast were glowing red.
These savage creatures charged at the lake in an attempt to save the Soul of the Forest …
But because of the existence of the Violet Sky Decimating Ground, all of the savage creatures were sent into the immortal estate for Yu Taibai to face. Even Yu Taibai felt a great deal of pressure at this moment!
Even the water in the lake seemed to possess its own consciousness. The water transformed into sharp water swords that stabbed at Yu Shenfeng.
"Hmph!"
Yu Shenfeng snorted coldly and allowed the water swords to pierce his body. He reached out again and grabbed the Soul of the Forest.
At the same time, he formed dozens of complicated hand seals!
Each hand seal formed a special pattern in the air.
As more and more hand seals appeared, the restriction on the Soul of the Forest grew stronger and stronger!
When Yu Shenfeng finished forming all of the hand seals, the Soul of the Forest finally calmed down.
A smile appeared on Yu Shenfeng's face. He sat cross-legged in the air and placed the Soul of the Forest in front of his dantian.
"Hum …"
A gentle ray of light shot from the center of the lake into the sky.
After about ten breaths of time, the entire Takeshi Xuan Forest finally calmed down …
Those ferocious creatures with red eyes also calmed down at this moment, turned around and left one after another.
Aunt Han Jiu, who was standing on the treetop, also let out a sigh of relief. Controlling a forbidden area was indeed not a simple matter.
In the immortal estate, Yu Taibai stood in a pool of blood, panting. The smell of blood in the huge square of the immortal estate assailed his nose. The blood flowing everywhere had already reached his knees. One could imagine how many savage creatures he had killed in this period of time.
"It's over. Afo, you can let Luo Yan, Luo Nian, and the others out." Jing Wuhuan let out a long sigh of relief.
At least the heavy responsibility their master had given them had been completed.
After being imprisoned for a long time, Luo Nian, Ning Yudie, Luo Yan, Xun, and the others finally left the cultivation pagoda.
But as soon as they came out, they were frightened by the bloody scene in front of them …
"We actually killed so many savage creatures!" Luo Nian's face was full of surprise.
Xun took a deep breath. She somewhat missed the smell of blood that came with the slaughter. At the same time, she asked, "Did you succeed?"
Jing Wuhuan nodded slightly and pointed at the sky.
A faint halo appeared in the air, and Yu Shenfeng's figure quietly appeared within it.
After fusing with the Soul of the Forest, Yu Shenfeng's temperament had changed quite a bit. His long and black eyebrows were dyed with a faint layer of gold.
However, a strange expression appeared on Yu Shenfeng's face. He said to Jing Wuhuan, "I seem to have seen that big-mouthed monster in the prison. Wasn't he released by junior apprentice-brother? Why did he come to Takeshi Xuan Forest? And he seems to have brought a woman with him! "

Chapter 2208
Back then, Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie had both seen Yu Shenfeng.
At that time, Luo Zheng had fought with Yu Shenfeng's incarnation on the Path of Extinction.
But at that time, Yu Shenfeng's attention was completely focused on Luo Zheng, his junior brother. Naturally, he didn't notice Xi Youqin.
But Yu Shenfeng was very clear on who was locked up in the immortal estate's prison. Especially this big-mouthed monster, he was practically born with an unforgettable ability.
Now, Yu Shenfeng was able to find out at a glance.
At the edge of the Takiguan Forest …
A touch of faint golden radiance clung to the trees in the inner part of the forest.
It was this golden radiance that made people unable to take a step forward.
Even though the big-mouthed monster was an upper true god, he was unable to enter the forest.
"Just now … what happened …"
Just now, before Yu Shenfeng merged with the Soul of the Forest, the entire Takiguan Forest was enraged.
The big-mouthed monster had never seen such a big scene before. His face was lifeless, his big mouth unable to close.
Xi Youqin still had a completely clueless expression.
She was somewhat familiar with the interior of the Takiguan Forest and only asked: "Is there really no way to enter?"
"Impossible! All forbidden areas only have one entrance. Now that this entrance has been sealed, even a peak true god wouldn't have the ability to force their way in! " The big-mouthed monster said resolutely, "Unless you have the qualifications to enter a rich family's floating island and use the island's teleportation formation!"
"Rich family's floating island? What is that? Can I join a rich family? "Xi Youqin blinked and asked.
The big-mouthed monster felt a headache. This woman didn't understand anything at all. If he continued to explain like this, who knew how long it would take.
Not to mention whether she had the qualifications to join a rich family. If she really wanted to join, just bringing her out of the Ashendevil region would take a lot of effort. Moreover, they would have to go to the Sea of Time.
Right now, he was somewhat regretful. How could he have picked up Luo Zheng's woman, causing him so much trouble …
Just as the big-mouthed monster was feeling depressed, there was a sudden change in the Takiguan Forest.
An invisible force came from the immortal mansion in the depths of the Takeshi Swirl Forest.
"Hualala, hualala …"
All the trees fell to the sides.
All the plants naturally opened up a path.
This road extended for tens of thousands of miles from the immortal mansion and finally arrived at the edge of the Takeshi Swirl Forest.
Suddenly, a long and narrow crack appeared on the layer of golden light that shrouded the edge of the forest.
Xi Youqin looked at the opening and asked doubtfully, "Are you sure … we can't enter the Takeshima Forest?"
The big-mouthed monster was also dumbfounded by this bizarre scene.
As an upper True God, he had the qualifications to run a third-rate family clan. Naturally, he had a better understanding of forbidden lands.
The scene in front of him had completely exceeded his understanding. His eyes were as wide as copper bells.
After a while, he said, "It seems like someone wants us to go in …"
"Is it my husband?" Xi Youqin narrowed her eyes and smiled. "Why didn't my husband come to pick me up?"
The big-mouthed monster rolled its eyes. "Your husband isn't that capable!"
It hadn't been long since he, the big-mouthed monster, left the Immortal Mansion. No matter how talented that kid Luo Zheng was, how far could he have progressed in just a few years?
"It must be my husband!"
Why would Xi Youqin care about the big-mouthed monster? She lifted her foot and stepped into the crack without asking.
The big-mouthed monster was worried about Xi Youqin's safety and followed. The monsters in this Takeshi Swirl Forest were not ordinary. There were some powerful monsters that even he was unable to fight against.
The two of them followed the path that opened up naturally. Along the way, they didn't encounter a single monster!
But from here to the Immortal Mansion, the distance was tens of thousands of miles. With Xi Youqin's slow speed, it would probably take several months!
After enduring for an hour, the big-mouthed monster finally grabbed Xi Youqin and flew along the path …
Not long after, Xi Youqin's eyes suddenly lit up and said with a face full of joy. "Look, we've finally arrived at the Immortal Mansion!"
The big-mouthed monster naturally knew. He had been imprisoned in this Immortal Mansion for so many God Epochs. Even if this Immortal Mansion turned into ashes, he would still recognize it.
But why was the blood energy in this Immortal Mansion so vigorous?
Before they even got close, a strong smell of blood assaulted their nostrils.
When the two of them entered the Immortal Mansion and saw the ground full of monster corpses, they were dumbfounded …
But at this time, Afo was already cleaning up.
And Yu Taibai had already returned to his original appearance. He was waiting with Luo Yan and the other girls in the Immortal Mansion.
When Xun saw Xi Youqin, she crossed her arms and revealed a natural expression. She smiled and said. "It really is her."
As for Xi Youqin, seeing these familiar faces, her face didn't show much surprise. Although there were many unfamiliar faces in the Immortal Mansion, she didn't even pay attention to these people's cultivation. She just asked. "Where's my husband? Why don't I see him? "
Suddenly hearing this question, Ning Yu's eyes flashed with a touch of hidden bitterness. He said softly. "This question, let Yan 'er answer it …"
When mentioning Luo Zheng's movements, everyone's heart couldn't help but sink.
Whether it was in Yu Taibai's eyes or Jing Wuhuan's eyes, Luo Zheng's importance was irreplaceable.
It didn't matter much if the others died, but if Luo Zheng died, there were many things that couldn't be unfolded.
Yu Taibai had left after sending Luo Zheng deep underground. When he noticed that the formation flags set up in the Tie family's territory had been destroyed, he immediately had a bad feeling!
That formation flag was a supreme treasure of the Luo family. Even a peak stage cultivator couldn't casually destroy it.
In other words, after he left, a Sage had snuck underground …
At that time, Yu Taibai already had a bad feeling.
Later, there was indeed some news from Haomen Floating Island.
Three Sages had died, a part of the universe had collapsed, and it was said that Dongfang Chunjun had captured someone underground.
As for Luo Zheng's whereabouts, it was unknown.
This was a result that Yu Taibai and the others in the Immortal Mansion couldn't accept.
But before things were clear, they could only bear this heavy result and work hard according to their previous arrangements.
Thus, everyone was in a bad mood during this time. When Xi Youqin asked about it without knowing anything, everyone's hearts sank.
"My brother is missing," Luo Yan whispered to his sister-in-law, whom he'd never met before.
Xi Youqin's brows furrowed, and her expression turned ugly. "Missing? What do you mean by that! "
Xun shook her head when she saw Xi Youqin's expression.
Ning Yudie also blinked, her long eyelashes fluttering like fans.
They knew how hysterical Xi Youqin was. It was inevitable that she'd act up for a while.
As for Aunt Han Jiu in the corner, she stared at Xi Youqin with interest.
She saw an astonishing trait in Xi Youqin. This woman cultivated the Purple Cloud Divine Dao, and her Extreme Violet Yin Body was so unique that it naturally aroused Aunt Han Jiu's intense interest.
Yu Taibai had told Aunt Han Jiu about some of Luo Xiao's plans, including nurturing a few talented Dao children.

Chapter 2209
Right now, the leader of Immortal Mansion was neither Jing Wuhuan nor Yu Shenfeng.
Naturally, it was Yu Taibai, who had the temperament of a leader.
It could be said that after Luo Xiao's death and Gu Bei's departure from Divine Realm, everything had been planned by Yu Taibai.
Faced with Xi Youqin's question, Yu Taibai calmly replied: "Luo Zheng has indeed gone missing. His current whereabouts are unknown. We're also looking for him."
"Why is his whereabouts unknown? You ….. How did you treat him!?" Xi Youqin was born with a submissive appearance, but when her temper flared up, she became hysterical. She didn't know how to distinguish between people or situations.
Even if these people in front of her were unreasonably strong, she didn't care at all.
Seeing this woman's temperament, Aunt Hanjiu found it interesting. She slowly walked forward and said softly: "Luo Zheng is a worthy person. Heaven helps the worthy. I believe he'll be fine."
"How can you guarantee that?" Xi Youqin's face was gloomy as she asked.
Yu Shenfeng rolled his eyes. He wasn't like Jing Wuhuan and Yu Taibai, who had self-restraint. He didn't bicker with this woman. He said sarcastically: "Who can guarantee something like this? Who knows where that brat ran off to!"
When Xi Youqin heard this, she became even angrier. Her eyes were filled with killing intent, and the purple aura in her body surged.
The four swords transformed in an instant and were about to shoot towards the Imperial God Blade!
"Oh? You still dare to attack? " Yu Shenfeng shouted, an exaggerated expression appearing on his face. With Xi Youqin's little cultivation, she was displaying her slight skill in front of an expert. He planned on ruthlessly teasing this woman.
However, Aunt Hanjiu, who was standing in front of Xi Youqin, reached out her hand and gently moved.
The four swords instantly lost their aim. They were completely out of Xi Youqin's control, and began to revolve around Aunt Hanjiu.
Xi Youqin was horrified. She suddenly realized that she had lost control of the purple aura …
What was even more interesting was that the four swords in Aunt Hanjiu's hands quickly dissipated into four clouds of purple mist. The purple mist continued to transform into all sorts of shapes and sizes. There were dragons, strange birds, and all sorts of strange beasts. They were all very lifelike. Aunt Hanjiu's control over the purple mist had reached a level where she could do as she pleased.
Xi Youqin's eyes widened when she saw this.
In the Great Yan Universe, no one could surpass Xi Youqin's comprehension of the Purple Clouds Divine Dao. Even her master couldn't catch up to her later on.
Although she didn't care how strong she was, she always felt that it was very difficult for anyone to surpass her attainments in the Purple Cloud Divine Dao.
He didn't expect this woman to be able to mold the Purple Qi to such an extent so casually. He was naturally shocked!
"How do you know how to use the Purple Cloud Divine Dao … No, how can you control it to such an extent!" Xi Youqin asked in surprise. Her talent was powerful, so she naturally knew how difficult it was to contain Aunt Jiu.
Aunt Hanjiu smiled and asked, "Do you want to learn?"
If it was an ordinary person, they would have instantly realized that this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to become a disciple and naturally agreed.
However, Xi Youqin shook her head and said, "I don't want to."
Xun, Ning Yudie, and the others had long known that Xi Youqin would give such an answer. They just smiled helplessly.
Aunt Hanjiu didn't expect Xi Youqin to refuse so bluntly and asked, "Why?"
"I want to find my husband. You all don't care about his life or death, but I do! I must find him! "
After saying this, Xi Youqin turned to look at the big-mouthed monster, Wu Yu, and said, "Let's go!"
When the big-mouthed monster heard this, he immediately jumped in fright.
After returning to the immortal mansion this time, he had been standing behind Xi Youqin, trembling with fear.
What kind of people were in front of him …
Three Paragons and one quasi-sage. These people could easily kill him with a flick of their fingers, especially the Gu brothers.
The big-mouthed monster vaguely remembered how Yu Shenfeng had teased him in the dungeon. If Yu Shenfeng was in a bad mood and brought him back to the dungeon, he wouldn't even be able to cry.
"This, this isn't good. The divine realm is so big. Even if we leave the Takeshima Forest, we won't be able to find Luo Zheng," the big-mouthed monster said bitterly.
"Even if we can't find him, we still have to find him." Xi Youqin was very determined, and her determination was usually because of Luo Zheng.
Seeing Xi Youqin like this, Aunt Hanjiu shook her head slightly and said, "Don't make things difficult for him. It's true that you won't be able to find Luo Zheng. If you stay here, there's still a chance that you can reunite with him. If you leave, I'm afraid you won't be able to see him for the rest of your life."
Her words were definitely not a threat.
For Xi Youqin to be able to find the immortal mansion in such a short time was already a great stroke of luck.
With her temperament, wandering in the Divine Realm, it wouldn't be long before she would be reduced to ashes.
"You mean that Luo Zheng will come back?" Xi Youqin pursed her lips and asked.
"He should. As long as you do well …"
Facing Xi Youqin, Aunt Hanjiu was patient.
She had once dreamed that the Purple Clouds Divine Dao could flourish, but after so many years in the Han Family, no one had been able to bring it to greater heights. In the end, the Purple Soul Hall had even been dismissed.
Xi Youqin was probably a disciple that Luo Xiao had purposely prepared for her. Aunt Hanjiu naturally didn't want to miss this opportunity. She would be the one to train such a little girl.
Thus, after a series of cajoling and lying, Xi Youqin was finally able to stay in the immortal mansion.
As for the big-mouthed monster, Wu Yu, he hurriedly took his leave, afraid that the Gu brothers would bring him back to the dungeon …
Overall, the divine realm was in a temporary state of stability.
Dongfang Chunjun, who had originally planned to conquer the Abyssal Demon Realm, had temporarily given up on the idea.
After Hua Tianming successfully infiltrated the Dongfang family's floating island, he didn't enter the forbidden grounds to fight. Every once in a while, he would quietly leave the Sea of Time. In the divine realm, there would always be some divine cities that would suddenly collapse, and the stone slabs within would disappear …
After Dugu Jian Xiaoxiao opened that door, she also stepped onto a new path of destiny.
In the Great Yan Universe, Startail smuggled out the Daoists one after another. The 833 laws on the Governing Stone Slabs were activated one after another. After these extraordinarily talented Daoists stepped into the divine realm, they also stepped onto their own paths.
Some roads had been designed, while others had deviated from their original design.
These deviations brought about fortuitous encounters, but also danger. Some people advanced at lightning speed, while others lost their lives …
…
…
"Eight hundred thousand desolate bones!"
Over a hundred Aragami helped Luo Zheng extract the power of the Aragami and poured it into the cave.
"Kekeke …"
Luo Zheng felt that his bones were entangled together. Under the high pressure, his periosteum was constantly letting out a teeth-numbing sound.
The soreness that came from his body was even more intense!
Now, Luo Zheng wanted to break through the boundary of an upper-level Aragami. Naturally, it was even more difficult.
It was said that after cultivating to an upper-level Aragami, there would be no more bottlenecks. As long as he consumed enough desolate bones, his body could grow infinitely.
Therefore, the Aragami in this world, like Purple Jade and the others, could grow to an unbelievable height of three to four hundred thousand feet.

Chapter 2210
When Luo Zheng was trying to break through the Upper Aragami level.
In the bone tower, 9527 was still carefully observing Luo Zheng.
Now, 9527 was a little hesitant. It was thinking about how to get closer to Luo Zheng.
9527's authority was not high. The order given by the Brain Masters was to keep observing this guy, and at the same time, make sure that he did not die.
9527 carried out these missions well.
However, there was a change in the mission now.
The Brain Masters allowed these small spiritual bodies to silently observe every move in this world.
The Brain Masters also knew about what happened a while ago …
These guys were planning to leave this world. They were actually going to break out of prison.
The Brain Masters were not very interested in leaving this place.
After all, the Brain Masters were still sleeping. If they wanted to leave, the Brain Masters would wake up, and this world would not be able to imprison the Brain Masters.
The problem was that Luo Zheng wanted to leave this place. It would be a little troublesome.
After waiting for so many years, they finally found a suitable guy. If they let him go just like that, when the Brain Masters woke up, all the Brain Masters would be in trouble.
Therefore, those fat Brain Masters were anxious.
For some reason, they could not interfere too much with the target, which was Luo Zheng.
However, it was unrealistic to imprison Luo Zheng in this world — if Luo Zheng really had the ability to leave.
After thinking about it, the Brain Masters discussed in the Spiritual World for a few days.
Normally, the Brain Masters could always make a decision in an instant. It was too convenient for them to communicate.
With the Brain Masters' communication speed in the Spiritual World, they actually discussed for a few days! This was equivalent to hundreds of thousands of years in the outside world …
Finally, their thoughts were unified: let 9527 get closer to Luo Zheng.
9527 felt honored, but also sad.
It was honored because it would obtain a higher authority. It was the Brain Master's replacement. To a certain extent, its status and importance had surpassed those damned Brain Masters.
It was sad because it was about to leave the Spiritual World.
The Spiritual World was its hometown. Its family and friends were there.
How should it greet him when meeting for the first time? Would Luo Zheng be scared to death?
Just as 9527 was hesitating, the bones in Luo Zheng's body began to shatter again. He began to break through the shackles of the Upper True God.
"Let's do it now …"
9527 did not think too much. This small spiritual body flew across the top of the cave. It could travel freely in the bone tower, and it was very fast!
"Sou!"
In the blink of an eye, it had already entered the Na Huang Cave through the hole in the bone pagoda. It rushed directly toward the bone fragment in Luo Zheng's chest and entered it!
While Luo Zheng was transcending the physical body tribulation, all of his perception was focused on his physical body.
He sensed that the bone fragment in his chest was acting strangely, but he didn't sense a wisp of spirit entering it …
This Body Tribulation was much easier than the first one. After all, Luo Zheng had already experienced it.
Soon after …
Millions of desolate bones, including the fifty bloodline desolate bones, were completely absorbed by him.
Luo Zheng was paralyzed in the Nahuang Cave again...
After passing the Physical Body Tribulation, there was a stage where Luo Zheng couldn't move at all. He could only wait for his physical body to recover slowly.
At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded in Luo Zheng's mind.
"Hey, how are you?"
The voice that suddenly appeared gave Luo Zheng a fright.
He thought it was a True Yuan voice transmission, but he quickly realized that it wasn't. With a thought, he realized that it was a communication of consciousness!
"Who is it?"
Luo Zheng's soul in his mind responded vigilantly. After all, no one would welcome strange things entering their body.
Even though there were many things that entered and exited his mind and body over the years …
However, Luo Zheng never expected that the situation he faced this time would be even more complicated.
"Me? My name is 9527," 9527 said to Luo Zheng.
"Who are you?"
This time, Luo Zheng had already sensed that the communication of consciousness came from the bone fragment in his chest.
Luo Zheng had always been curious about the origin of the bone fragment, but he never delved into it. He never expected the bone fragment to speak!
"I said, I'm 9527 …"
In the face of Luo Zheng's second question, 9527 was a little puzzled.
Even though it had observed the group of Aragami countless times, it still couldn't understand the behavior of these people. After all, it was born in the spiritual world. Although it had its own consciousness, it was still lacking in the ways of the world.
Not a human soul …
Luo Zheng quickly made a judgment.
Luo Zheng already had some experience with these guys who came uninvited to live in his body. He asked again, "Where are you from?"
"The spiritual world. The spiritual world that I created. That world is underground, buried very deep." 9527 tried its best to explain, but it still couldn't explain it clearly.
"Who am I?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"Me?" 9527 thought for a while and finally answered Luo Zheng's question, "I am the Primordial Chaos God that you mentioned."
"Primordial Chaos God!" Luo Zheng was shocked and quickly asked, "The Primordial Chaos God that you mentioned, is it this bone tower?"
"Yes," 9527 replied.
Luo Zheng was silent for a while. He never thought that this bone piece would have a connection with the Primordial Chaos God.
There were so many Aragami in this world, and there were also a lot of exiles. Why did it find him?
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng asked again, "Then why did you come into my body, and what is this bone piece …"
"Because the Brain Lord ordered me to come," 9527 continued to answer "honestly".
However, this answer made Luo Zheng confused. He could only continue to ask what the Brain Lord was.
After this long-winded conversation, Luo Zheng gradually understood.
During his first tribulation, he actually merged with the bloodline of the Primordial Chaos God. When Luo Zheng was going through the tribulation, Jin Lao knew about it, but Jin Lao didn't tell Luo Zheng.
For some reason, the "Brain Lord" mentioned by 9527 chose him, so it let 9527 sneak into his body.
Its purpose was to help him to step into the Nirvana Realm with the Primordial Chaos God's cultivation method!
The old man had also mentioned this matter, and also pinned a glimmer of hope on Luo Zheng. Perhaps using this shortcut, Luo Zheng could step into the Nirvana Realm with his physical body.
Now this 9527, a part of the soul of the Primordial Chaos God, also had the same hope.
Luo Zheng couldn't help but be puzzled, and then asked, "Using the macro world cultivation method can also cross the Sea of Truth to reach the Nirvana Realm. What's the difference between using one's physical body to reach the Nirvana Realm?"
"Of course it's different," 9527 replied, "Using the macro world cultivation method to cross the Nirvana Realm, you can't take anything with you. If you cross the Nirvana Realm with your physical body, you can bring back some very important things from the Nirvana Realm. The difference between the two is very big."
This explanation made Luo Zheng stunned.
In Luo Zheng's mind, the Nirvana Realm was a realm. It should be the same as the "Sea of Truth", a place that could be vaguely felt. However, this place only existed in the imagination of living creatures, and didn't really exist.

Chapter 2211
"Then … what do you want me to bring back from the other side?"
Luo Zheng followed up with another question.
"I can't tell you," 9527 replied stiffly.
This guy, he's so stubborn even though he's asking for help …
Luo Zheng pouted helplessly. "If you don't answer me, I'll expel you."
"You're not strong enough," 9527 continued, "Although your soul power is much stronger than your peers, it's still not enough to expel me."
That answer was straightforward enough. Luo Zheng instantly lost interest in trying.
After all, the other party was just a part of the soul of a Chaos Ancient God. He really could not do anything to him …
Not long after, the wounds on Luo Zheng's body were quickly healed.
After moving his arms and legs, Luo Zheng immediately left the Na Huang Cave.
"You succeeded on your first try?"
Wei Cong stood on the hill above the Na Huang Cave and asked.
Luo Zheng nodded with a smile on his face.
This time, in order to help Luo Zheng to become an Upper Aragami, Wei Cong had temporarily sent hundreds of people.
Wei Cong was already numb to the efficiency of Luo Zheng absorbing the power of the Aragami.
It could be said that Luo Zheng's body was like a black hole, absorbing all the power of the Aragami without leaving a single drop behind.
Furthermore, the power of the Aragami that he absorbed was much stronger than the ordinary Aragami …
It was not surprising that Luo Zheng could succeed on his first try. However, Wei Cong could not help but sigh.
Wei Cong was responsible for maintaining the Na Huang Cave and distributing the desolate bones to the people. He had seen many geniuses in the tribe.
However, it was his first time seeing someone like Luo Zheng. He also knew that this might be the last time he would see someone like that.
Under the gazes of the crowd, Luo Zheng tapped the ground with the tip of his foot, and his figure floated up.
"Grow!"
Luo Zheng spat out a word.
"Huff … Huff … Huff …"
A powerful aura was emitted from Luo Zheng's body. In the blink of an eye, his body began to expand.
A hundred meters …
Five hundred meters …
Ten thousand meters …
Eight hundred to ten thousand meters was the standard of an Intermediate Aragami. Previously, Luo Zheng could already transform into a Aragami that was ten thousand meters tall.
"Continue!"
Luo Zheng could feel that the power of the Rage God in his body was still very vigorous. His body continued to expand as he channeled all of his power into it.
One thousand five hundred feet …
2000 …
Three thousand feet!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's head was almost touching the ceiling of the cave. At the same time, the power of the Rage God within his body was almost exhausted.
"It's the limit," Luo Zheng said calmly. This was what he had expected.
At the same time, with a thought, three heads and six arms appeared from his body again.
He wanted to see if he would be able to awaken his Bloodline Ability after becoming an Upper Aragami. After exploring for a while, he did not notice anything unusual.
"It seems that it's not that easy to activate the bloodline ability of the Rage God," Luo Zheng thought in his mind.
Just as he had this thought, 9527's consciousness came again. "Bloodline power? Hehe, don't you already have one? "
"You're peeping at my soul!" Luo Zheng was a little angry.
"Isn't this normal?" 9527 sensed Luo Zheng's anger and felt a little surprised.
In the spiritual world of the Chaos Ancient Gods, the thoughts of all spiritual bodies were exposed to each other. In other words, everyone could see what they were thinking at a glance. There was nothing to hide. Everyone was used to this.
"Normal my ass," Luo Zheng could not help but scold. However, he changed his mind and asked, "What bloodline power did you just say?"
"You were just talking about peeping …" 9527 was a little confused. He could not understand why Luo Zheng's thoughts were jumping around like this.
"We're talking about bloodline power now!" Luo Zheng corrected him fiercely.
"Alright," 9527 immediately said, "When you first went through the Physical Calamity, you already received my bloodline inheritance. Therefore, you have already received my bloodline power."
"My bloodline inheritance?" Luo Zheng was shocked.
The old man knew about this, but he did not tell Luo Zheng, nor did he publicize this matter.
After all, Luo Zheng was the grandson of the War Chief, and the Aragami valued the purity of their bloodline very much.
"According to your words, it's a bloodline transplant. The bone piece you just asked about in your chest grew because of the bloodline," 7527 added.
"I actually transplanted the bloodline of the Chaos Ancient Gods …" Luo Zheng did not expect this. After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng asked, "Then what is my bloodline power?"
9527 laughed and said, "My bloodline power came from the beginning of the chaos. You have this power, but whether you can use it or control it depends on how much you can comprehend!"
After 9527 finished speaking, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the bone piece in his chest slowly start to heat up. The temperature was also getting higher and higher.
Soon, he felt a burning sensation, as if there was a ball of flame jumping in his chest.
At the same time, strange patterns appeared on the rhombus-shaped bone piece. These patterns turned into a large net and projected into Luo Zheng's mind, surrounding Luo Zheng's soul …
"What is this!?"
When this large circular net covered him, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that he had lost contact with his body. His soul was actually imprisoned in this net.
The Aragami who were watching outside the cave saw Luo Zheng's body involuntarily take two steps back. His huge body fell to the ground and made a loud bang.
"What happened to Luo Zheng?"
Wei Cong was shocked.
Many of the Aragami were panicking as well.
After all, Luo Zheng had already made a great contribution to the Chiyou Tribe. In addition to his identity, his position in the tribe was already extremely high.
He had just broken through to Upper True God, so why did he faint?
"Quickly go and inform Elder Zi Yu!" Wei Cong said.
In Luo Zheng's mind, 9527 continued, "As a Primeval God of Chaos, I was fortunate enough to observe the energy of the Great Unification of Dao when the Chaos was first created. He comprehended a truth from it for his own use. My divine ability is the Truth Divine Ability! Eternally existing in the Chaos, controlling all laws, from beginning to end, indestructible! "
9527's voice came. Separated by this net, the voice sounded very ethereal.
However, when Luo Zheng heard it, he was even more shocked!
Eternally existing in the Chaos, controlling all laws, from beginning to end, indestructible?
What kind of divine ability was this?
The energy of the Great Unification of Dao?
The Sword of Dao that Luo Zheng cultivated was to fuse three thousand Divine Paths into one. What was this Great Unification of Dao? It could allow a Primeval God of Chaos to comprehend the truth from it?
"Buzz …"
The large net began to spin and turned into a large circular ball, wrapping Luo Zheng's soul inside.
At the same time, a strange scene slowly unfolded from the inner wall of the large ball, which was in front of Luo Zheng!
"Golden Sanskrit?"
Seeing the golden words on the inner wall of the large ball, Luo Zheng was stunned.

Chapter 2212
Other than Luo Nian, Luo Zheng had never seen anyone else who could read Sanskrit smoothly, not even his own mother.
Naturally, Luo Zheng could not as well.
It was impossible for him to comprehend anything from these golden Sanskrit words …
Just as Luo Zheng was wondering, these golden Sanskrit words were spinning faster and faster. Under the high-speed rotation, the golden Sanskrit words were like a bowl of golden liquid, flowing and spreading rapidly, forming a unique picture!
These pictures only existed for a moment, and then disappeared without a trace.
And in a breath, about hundreds and thousands of pictures appeared and disappeared, and the two were constantly alternating.
"These pictures are …"
Luo Zheng stared at the constantly changing pictures.
This time, 9527 remained silent …
Since Luo Zheng was the person chosen by the Lord, he must have something extraordinary.
If Luo Zheng did not even have this bit of comprehension, it only proved that the Lord had chosen the wrong person.
Luo Zheng furrowed his brows tightly as he stared fixedly at the rapidly changing scenes in front of him. He was in deep thought …
Although 9527's origin was unknown, it did not seem to be lying. The bloodline ability it mentioned must be included in these pictures.
How much he could comprehend depended entirely on his comprehension.
After cultivating to the True God Realm, Luo Zheng's understanding of various abilities and techniques had reached a new level.
Even the Three Thousand Divine Daos were just manifestations of energy through different means!
As for the cultivation of the Aragami, it was also another form of energy. However, this form was more dependent on the inheritance. This was because the power of the Aragami did not come from oneself, but from the energy contained within countless desolate bones, which was the power of the Aragami.
After a moment of silence, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly released a ray of light.
"These pictures are a guide, a guide to the way I use energy!"
Luo Zheng came to a conclusion.
Hearing Luo Zheng's judgment, 9527 showed a trace of appreciation. This guy … comprehended quickly!
Although 9527 was only a small spiritual body, it actually contained all the memories of the Lord. It was just that its authority was very low, but at some point, it could represent the will of the Chaos Ancient God.
Truth was the most basic component of Chaos, and it was not easy to grasp it.
However, once he comprehended something, even if it was just a trace, he would benefit immensely.
When Luo Zheng realized the direction of these images, his mind also became clear. At least he knew which direction he should be thinking in, unlike before when he was confused.
Very quickly, he immersed his entire body and mind into it …
…
…
Inside the cave, Luo Zheng's huge body lay motionless on the ground.
The cub floated above Luo Zheng's head with a faint luster in its eyes. Its originally nervous expression gradually calmed down.
This guy seemed to have fallen asleep and entered a meditative state.
Purple Jade naturally couldn't figure out why this happened, but it was fine as long as it was fine …
However, the cub did not expect that Luo Zheng would lie down like this for more than ten days!
Until half a month later …
Luo Zheng's huge body suddenly trembled, and the light ball that enveloped Luo Zheng's soul suddenly shattered. A dark green light kept flashing from his chest, and from that light, a power that made people's hearts palpitate was emitted!
This power had a very strong penetrating power, and even the airtight bone tower could not stop it at all.
Deep inside the Chi Ling Bone Tower …
Old Gold, Fu Er, and many other exiles opened their eyes at the same time, their faces full of disbelief.
Luo Zheng's second Physical Calamity should not have too big of a problem, so they naturally did not pay too much attention to it. However, they did not expect that Luo Zheng would undergo such a drastic change after ascending to Upper Aragami. This was something they did not expect.
"What's going on?"
"This power, even I am scared!"
"Could this be some kind of powerful True Meaning of Dao?"
The exiles all relied on the boat of True Meaning to cross to the other side.
Their understanding of energy had reached a new level, and it was far beyond what ordinary living beings could compare with.
Frankly speaking, the power that Luo Zheng was emitting was not considered powerful, and it was far from the level that made them afraid. However, for them to have such a reaction, it could only mean that this power was very powerful, so powerful that even the exiles could not understand it!
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
A few exiles appeared in the sky almost at the same time.
They stared at Luo Zheng below, and each of them had a complicated look on their faces.
"What kind of power is that?" Fu Er stared at the green light on Luo Zheng's chest and asked.
Old Gold shook his head. "I don't understand, and this power is not the bloodline ability of our Chi You Clan …"
At this time, Old Gold suddenly thought of something. "Could it be …"
Before he could say it out loud, Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the others had also figured it out, and they all had a thoughtful look on their faces.
Before this, Luo Zheng had never shown this ability of his. However, now that Luo Zheng had just passed the Calamity of Flesh and became an Upper Aragami, he was able to display this ability. Furthermore, they knew that Luo Zheng had absorbed the bloodline of the Chaos Ancient God …
Therefore, they easily came to a conclusion, which meant that Luo Zheng had awakened the bloodline ability of the Primordial Chaos God.
"Big Brother, have you heard of anyone who has obtained the bloodline ability of the Primordial Chaos God?" Fu Er asked using True Yuan voice transmission.
Old Gold shook his head. "No …"
Even in the Mother World, the Primordial Chaos God was an existence that all major races looked up to.
Although countless enchanting people had been born in the Mother World over the years, the limitations of the era prevented them from reaching the level of the Primordial Chaos God.
Of course, perhaps the exiles' level was not high enough, or perhaps the top figures in the Mother World were not as powerful as they imagined.
Just as the exiles were wondering, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes.
As he exhaled a mouthful of turbid air from his chest, he flipped over and stood up. Although he tried his best to remain calm, the excitement in his eyes could not be removed.
"Old Gold, Old Fu, Old Chi …"
After dispersing the power of the Aragami, Luo Zheng returned to his normal size and flew in front of them, cupping his hands and greeting them.
Old Gold said with a smile, "Congratulations on breaking through your shackles again. It seems that you have gained a lot. This old man is curious, what was that power just now?"
Facing Old Gold and the others, Luo Zheng did not have much of a taboo.
After all, these people were of the same clan, and after being together for so long, they did not have the slightest disloyalty.

Chapter 2213
The small green cube looked so ordinary that there was nothing shocking about it.
However, in the eyes of Elder Jin and the others, there was a trace of shock.
"Is this the inheritance of the Primal Chaos Elder God?" Elder Jin asked.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. "Elder Jin knows about it?"
Elder Jin nodded. "I already had some guesses when you went through the Physical Calamity, but I didn't expect you to be able to obtain its inheritance in such a short time. Very good …"
Elder Jin did not ask further. Even Fu Er and the others tried their best to suppress their curiosity.
This was Luo Zheng's secret, so they did not want to delve into it.
The exiles did not know the purpose of the Primal Chaos Elder God, but this was not a bad thing for the Chiyou Tribe.
On the contrary, in their eyes, this was probably a great fortune.
After Elder Jin and the others left, Luo Zheng asked Wei Cong for a secluded place to continue studying the energy.
"You're pretty good to be able to master a Truth Square Crystal in just half a month," 9527 commented. "But don't be happy too early. A complete truth is like a towering tree. What you've comprehended is just a small part of the foundation. You're still unable to unleash its full power."
Luo Zheng nodded. This cube-shaped Truth Crystal was mysterious, but its power was not necessarily great. It was even far inferior to Luo Zheng's own energy.
"I'll teach you how to use this Truth Crystal …" 9527 said again.
The Primal Chaos Elder God's bloodline ability was the Truth Crystal. When the Primal Chaos Elder God observed the unification of the Dao, he comprehended his own truth from it, and this truth had been integrated into his bloodline.
The method of using the Truth Crystal, which was also the bloodline ability, was also very important. Luo Zheng was still tirelessly cultivating …
The time of the Judgment Light's descent was getting closer and closer.
Even the atmosphere in the bone tower had become solemn. When the Judgment Light descended, except for the major tribes in the bone tower, all the Aragami in this world would be purified.
According to past experience, most of the Aragami welcomed the Judgment Light without knowing it.
When they learned of the Judgement Light's existence, they were usually only left with one or two breaths of time. Then, they saw themselves, their colleagues, and even their brothers and sisters being purified into dust. They even saw themselves turn into dust and disappear from this world.
Meanwhile, some of the Aragami who knew the truth were trying their best to squeeze into the bone tower. Under normal circumstances, these Aragami would not leak any information about the Judgement Light. After all, if one more person knew about the Judgement Light, there would be one more person competing for the chance to enter the bone tower.
However, not long before the Light of Judgment descended, the situation changed.
A small piece of news suddenly began to spread like wildfire. At first, this news only spread in the more peripheral cities. Because the content of the news was too shocking, the speed of its spread was also extremely fast.
Before the light of judgment descended, the clansmen of the various clans had all returned to the bone pagoda, so they didn't notice it at first.
Thus, the rumor spread to all the cities.
All of the Aragami knew about the existence of the 'Light of Judgement' in just one night. They also knew that they were about to be purified. They also knew that the bone towers were their refuge. Instantly, it caused a great panic among the Aragami!
In the Levitating City, which was the closest city to the bone tower of the Nuwa Clan, hundreds of thousands of Aragami gathered together. These Aragami were emotional and angry.
On the city wall, a sturdy middle-aged man looked down at the crowd and shouted with all his might, "Those clansmen of the large clans are hiding in the bone towers. Our city master is also hiding in the bone towers. Only us' lowly 'people are left here waiting for our deaths. Who wants to wait for their deaths?"
"I don't want to!"
"I don't want to either!"
"Who wants to wait for their deaths?"
Hundreds of thousands of Aragami responded at the same time.
The middle-aged man continued, "But our strength is far weaker than those of the Nuwa Clan. If we rush into the bone towers, we will also die. However, there will be a small number of people who can make it into the bone towers. Only a small number of people can survive! Are you willing to take the risk? "
"We are going to die anyway. Why not?"
"Since staying here is also waiting for our deaths, if we are lucky enough to make it into the bone towers, we might still be able to survive!"
"…"
The only thought in these Aragami's mind was to survive. They also knew that those large clans in the bone towers were not to be messed with.
However, once they knew that they were going to die, they no longer had any worries or fears. Just like what they said, they were not even afraid of death. Why would they be afraid of those large clans?
"Then what are you hesitating for?!" The middle-aged man roared again.
"Let's go!"
"Let the bone towers take us in!"
"Even if we have to kill, we have to get in!"
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Hundreds of thousands of Aragami rushed into the bone towers.
The middle-aged man looked at the people rushing into the bone towers like a tide. He leaned on the city wall and showed a proud smile on his face. At the same time, he said, "According to the agreement, the Xuanyuan Clan has to take me in."
Not far away from the city wall, a skinny young man slowly walked out. This man was Tan Xuan of the Xuanyuan Clan.
Tan Xuan was ordered to spread the news about the Judgment Light in the Levitating City.
With his identity, it was not appropriate for him to show his face. Therefore, he found this middle-aged man who was quite prestigious in the Levitating City.
Tan Xuan promised this middle-aged man that as long as he encouraged the Aragami to attack the bone towers, this middle-aged man would be able to join the Xuanyuan Clan and take refuge in the bone towers of the Xuanyuan Clan.
The result was very successful …
"I'm sorry. The bone towers of the Xuanyuan Clan can't hold that many people." Tan Xuan grinned.
When the middle-aged man heard what Tan Xuan said, his face instantly turned pale. He stared at Tan Xuan and said, "You promised me!"
"So what?" Tan Xuan said calmly, "You can also attack the bone towers with them. Maybe you will have a chance to survive!"
"You, you … I'm going to kill you!"
The middle-aged man was furious. He began to activate the Aragami's power in his body.
However, just when his body began to expand, Tan Xuan had already turned into a stream of light and swept past the middle-aged man.
The middle-aged man's eyes suddenly widened. His body stiffened and did not move at all.
Meanwhile, there was blood flowing out from Tan Xuan's fingertips …
Plop!
The middle-aged man fell to the ground. Tan Xuan gently brushed his right hand and shook off the blood on it. He looked at the middle-aged man's body and said, "Why do you have to force me to do this? As a lowly person in the wilderness, you should obediently be purified by the Judgment Light … "
After saying that, Tan Xuan disappeared into the darkness again.
Things like this were happening in all the major cities.

Chapter 2214
Such things were not only happening within the territory of the Nuwa Clan.
In the Chiyou Clan, the Star Deer Clan, and other major clans, there were also countless Aragami being incited …
However, for the Xuanyuan Clan, the Nuwa Clan was their real target!
Below the Barbaric Water Bone Tower, millions of people were inciting the power of the Aragami. They turned into hundreds of thousands of feet tall Aragami and stacked together, forming a wall that completely surrounded the entrance of the bone tower.
Meanwhile, at the entrance of the Barbaric Water Bone Tower, six elders of the Nuwa Clan were guarding the place.
"How could this be?! Who spread the news about the Light of Judgment?! "An old woman with a hunched body said angrily.
Previously, before the Light of Judgment arrived, a small number of Aragami would attack the bone tower. However, there would only be dozens or even hundreds of Aragami. The Nuwa Clan would selectively take in these Aragami and kill them when they had no other choice!
However, this time, all the Aragami within the territory of the Nuwa Clan were coming!
The situation had become complicated.
Even though the Barbaric Water Bone Tower had opened up quite a lot of space, it would not be able to accommodate so many Aragami!
"Someone is spreading the news on purpose." A female elder with a voluptuous body made her judgment.
"What's their goal?" Another woman with a cold expression asked.
The old woman snorted coldly. "Do you even need to ask? Their goal must be the brother and sister of the head warden! "
The Nuwa Clan had taken in the brother and sister. They also knew the consequences. It was equivalent to declaring war on the head warden.
However, they thought that the real battle would only happen after the Light of Judgment arrived. They did not expect that they would do such a thing before the Light of Judgment arrived!
"That's not right. There aren't many people from the head warden's clan, right? For them to incite so many people in such a short period of time? Is that even possible? "The female elder with a voluptuous body felt strange.
Moreover, the head warden's clan had never shown their true faces to others. They always looked strange. It would be difficult for them to convince so many people in such a short period of time.
Just when the elders were talking, a rainbow-like halo appeared behind them. Gatekeeper Ming Wei's voice was heard. "This is not the head warden's clan."
"Gatekeeper!"
"Gatekeeper!"
The few female elders bowed to Ming Wei.
Ming Wei nodded slightly as she looked at the group of Aragami with a complicated expression.
"Sect Master, you said that these people were not instigated by the warden's family. Then who are they?" the old woman asked.
Ming Wei's eyes flickered as a cold smile appeared on her face. "Not all clans have been invited. For example, the Xuanyuan Clan."
"Sect Master, are you talking about the Xuan Yuan Clan?" The old woman was shocked.
The other elders' expressions were also very ugly. The cold-looking woman said coldly, "Does the Xuan Yuan Clan want to die?"
The Nuwa Clan was the most powerful clan, and no other clan dared to offend them. Even the Xuanyuan Clan was not as powerful as the Nuwa Clan. What the Xuanyuan Clan did was tantamount to courting death. One could imagine the consequences of angering the Nuwa Clan.
"The Chiyou Clan did not allow the Xuanyuan Clan to join our escape plan. Under such circumstances, if the Warden Clan extended an olive branch to them, what would you choose?" Ming Wei asked.
When the elders heard this, they immediately understood.
This was a counterattack from the Warden Clan. It was just that the Xuanyuan Clan had taken their place.
"It's not just the Xuanyuan Clan. Those smaller clans that did not join us might also join us. Their ultimate goal is still the siblings …"
At this point, Ming Wei smiled as the light in her eyes flickered. "Luo Zheng is right. I've been looking forward to the Warden Clan's counterattack!"
When they heard this, the elders were surprised.
The old woman even asked, "Why do you say that, Sect Master?"
Ming Wei asked calmly, "If we got Fu Chu and Xiao Yun, and the Warden Clan did not do anything, what would you say?"
The old woman thought for a moment, and her dim eyes suddenly brightened. "This means that Fu Chu and Xiao Yun are not important at all!"
"Yes, this means that Fu Chu and Xiao Yun cannot bring us out of this world. Therefore, the Warden Clan does not care at all. This is the most terrifying problem …"
As Ming Wei spoke, she had already started walking. At the same time, she said, "Now that the Warden Clan has joined forces with the Xuanyuan Clan, and even those smaller clans, this means that they are beginning to fear us. At the same time, it also means that Fu Chu and Xiao Yun have the ability to bring us out of this world!"
"Then what should we do with these Aragami?" The old woman asked again.
Ming Wei shook her head slightly. "The Xuanyuan Clan might have sent someone to hide among these Aragami. Their ultimate goal is to sneak into the bone tower. These people cannot be allowed to enter."
"Buzz …"
"Buzz …"
"Buzz …"
With every step that Ming Wei took, a rainbow-like ripple spread out from the tip of her feet. The ripple let out a faint buzzing sound.
At the same time when the ripple spread out, her body size doubled.
After she took dozens of steps, her entire body had transformed into an Aragami that was almost five hundred thousand feet tall. She looked down at the densely packed Aragami. At the same time, she opened her red lips slightly and spoke with a cold and clear voice, "Everyone, leave my Barbarian Water Bone Tower immediately. Otherwise, you will be killed without mercy!"
When the old woman and a few other female elders heard this, they looked at each other and took a deep breath at the same time. It seemed that Ming Wei was going to go on a killing spree today.
They knew that Ming Wei had such strength, but they did not expect her to really do it. There were tens of millions of people here!
After all, these few elders were born in this world, and they grew up in this world.
Although they saw the Aragami as the 'people of the wilderness', it was still difficult for them to slaughter tens of millions of living beings …
Meanwhile, Ming Wei, Jin, and the other powerful beings among the exiles had long regarded ordinary living beings as weeds. In order to leave this place, let alone killing tens of millions of people, even if there were ten times more people, they would still not blink their eyes.
The Aragami that gathered around still had a glimmer of hope in their hearts. They were hoping that the Nuwa Clan would be kind enough to let them stay in the Barbarian Water Bone Tower. That was why they did not attack the Barbarian Water Bone Tower immediately.
However, when they heard Ming Wei's words, everyone's heart instantly turned cold.
"After all, we are the people of the Nuwa Clan's territory!"
"Do you Nuwa Clan have the heart to watch us being purified …"
"I'd rather be killed by you than be purified by the Judgment Light …"
These people knew their fate. However, who would be willing to accept their fate?
Begging, cursing, and roaring sounds were heard one after another. The sound was so loud that it shook the sky. The scene was extremely chaotic.
Disappointment, resentment, anger, and resignation. Everyone had different expressions on their faces.
Nobody knew who was the first to charge towards the entrance of the Barbarian Water Bone Tower. Following that, more Aragami followed suit.
These Aragami worked together and rushed towards the Barbarian Water Bone Tower behind Ming Wei like a torrent.

Chapter 2215
People in high positions would usually be more cold-blooded.
However, it did not mean that they were cruel and bloodthirsty. It was just that they had no choice but to make some choices.
Ming Wei was not a person who liked to kill. However, at this moment, she did not hesitate at all!
Vroom …
Ming Wei suddenly pointed her finger at the crowd.
Not far away from her, a beam of colorful light appeared out of nowhere. This colorful light was like a little colorful snake. It was constantly crawling in the air. The head of the snake was chasing after the tail of the snake. The head and tail of the snake were connected together, forming a circle.
The speed of the light was extremely fast. Under the high-speed rotation, it formed a light circle that was millions of meters wide. At the same time, an extremely violent aura was being emitted from the light circle!
Some of the Aragami felt the horrifying aura and stopped in their tracks. Their faces were filled with fear.
"What kind of skill is this? I think it is even more powerful than the Judgment Light?"
"If we are caught by this light circle, we will definitely die!"
However, these voices of fear were soon drowned out.
"We have more people on our side. She might not dare to kill us!"
"That's right. She can't possibly kill all of us!"
"Don't be afraid. Let's go!"
These Aragami's eyes had turned red. They knew that only by entering the bone tower would they have a chance to survive. Other than that, they had no other choice. The desire to survive had completely suppressed the fear in their hearts.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Not only did the Aragami not stop, but they also increased their speed.
"I don't dare to kill?" Ming Wei revealed a faint smile on her face. She grabbed the light circle with her right hand and gently twisted it.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
In an instant, a gravitational force was emitted from the light circle!
The gravitational force was so strong that it was impossible to resist.
Whether it was the Aragami that was hundreds of meters tall, or thousands of meters tall, or even thousands of meters tall, they could only feel a horrifying gravitational force pulling them. Even if they were to unleash their strongest power, they could not break free from it. They were involuntarily sucked into the gravitational force!
Crack crack crack …
After these Aragami that were as tall as mountains were sucked into the light circle, their originally intact bodies were shattered into pieces in the blink of an eye. They did not even have the time to scream. Or rather, they screamed before they died. However, even their voices could not escape from the light circle.
"So miserable!"
"Let's go …"
"What a vicious move! She really wants to kill us all! "
"I can't accept this, I …"
When the Aragami in front of them saw what happened, their faces turned pale. Their faces were filled with regret. However, it was too late for regrets.
The Aragami at the back still had a glimmer of hope in their hearts as they charged forward. They did not know that this was a path that would lead to death.
Looking from afar, the gigantic light circle was like a grim reaper, continuously harvesting the lives of the Aragami. Meanwhile, all of the Aragami were like moths that were flying towards the flame. From the moment they decided to charge into the barbarian water bone tower, their fates had already been decided.
The elders of the Nuwa Clan stood where they were, their faces stiff.
Although it was their own fault for attacking the barbarian water bone tower, these Aragami were living under the rule of the Nuwa Clan after all. They had quite a lot of connections with the sects under the Nuwa Clan.
Now that Grandmaster Ming Wei was about to slaughter millions or even tens of millions of Aragami, their hearts were heavy.
However, they also knew that their Grandmaster had no other choice. At this critical moment, if she showed any mercy to these Aragami, it would be cruel to herself and to the Nuwa Clan!
Tens of thousands of miles away from the barbarian water bone tower, Tan Xuan was hiding in the sand. He was covered with a light brown cloth. This Shadowless Cloth could completely conceal his presence.
The senses of those exiles were too powerful. Even though he was far away, he still had to be cautious.
"She's really going to kill them all. What a bold move …" Tan Xuan looked at the gigantic light circle. There was a hint of fear on his face. It seemed that the strategy of the Xuanyuan Clan was about to fail. He had no idea what those exiles were thinking about.
On the evil mountain in the Xuanyuan Clan's Evil Mountain bone tower, a few exiles were standing in the air. Meanwhile, Yan Lai who was dressed in black was sitting on the top of the mountain.
"Ming Wei is really ruthless. Is she really going to kill everyone?" One of the exiles from the Xuanyuan Clan said with a gloomy face.
At first, these exiles thought that their strategy was working. At least, they had successfully incited so many Aragami to attack the barbarian water bone tower. However, it seemed that it was like throwing eggs at a rock. There was no effect at all.
Yan Lai smiled and said, "Don't worry. She won't kill everyone."
"Brother Yan Lai, why do you say that?" One of the exiles asked.
Yan Lai was holding two small black pearls in his hand. The surface of the pearls was smooth and shiny. If one looked closely, they looked like the pupils of some kind of living creature. As the two pearls were moving back and forth in his hand, he continued to say, "I'm just thinking about it from another perspective. As the leader of the Nuwa Clan, slaughtering tens of millions of people is too cruel. In order to maintain her image among her people, what would she do?"
One of the exiles thought for a while and said, "She would spare some of the Aragami to save their lives."
Yan Lai said calmly, "That's right. She won't kill all of the Aragami. She would definitely spare some of them to show her kindness. This is the trick of a superior."
The other exiles were also enlightened.
"In other words, our assassins will be among the last batch of Aragami?" Another exiled asked.
Yan Lai nodded. "That's right."
"But even if the assassins successfully sneak into the barbarian water bone tower, they won't be able to get the chance to attack, right?" The exiled frowned and said.
Even if the Nuwa Clan did take in some of the Aragami, they would be watching over these Aragami strictly. It would be almost impossible for the assassins to get away. It would be even more impossible for them to assassinate the siblings. They might not even have the chance to find their targets.
"Of course not," Yan Lai said calmly.
"Then what's the real purpose of Brother Yan Lai?"
The exiles were instantly confused. In their eyes, what Yan Lai was doing was useless. However, a smart person like Yan Lai would never waste his time doing something like that.
"You'll know when you see it." Yan Lai's handsome face showed a confident expression.
Below the barbarian water bone tower …
The light circle that Ming Wei summoned had taken the lives of more than nine million Aragami.
These Aragami did not even leave behind their corpses. They were directly crushed into dust and disappeared from this world.

Chapter 2216
The rest of the Aragami thought that they were going to die. However, they suddenly noticed that the gravitational force had disappeared. All of them quickly retreated as if they had just been pardoned!
These Aragami had the same thought in their minds as they were saved from death.
At that moment, Ming Wei's voice was heard, "The Nuwa Clan has the Barbaric Water Bone Pagoda. We will not leave you to die. However, the space in the Barbaric Water Bone Pagoda is limited. It is impossible for us to save so many lives. All of you … can temporarily hide in the Barbaric Water Bone Pagoda!"
The tens of thousands of Aragami were already scared out of their wits. All they could do was to run for their lives.
Although they would still die outside the bone pagoda, they would still be able to live for a few more days. That was the instinct of life.
However, just as they were about to flee, they suddenly heard Ming Wei's words. The fleeing figures came to an abrupt halt, their faces filled with disbelief.
Many people showed hesitation on their faces.
"Could it be that she's lying to us?"
"Don't be fooled. She's lying to us. She must be trying to kill us!"
"Hmph. She has killed almost ten million people in such a short period of time. If she really wants to kill us, how much effort would she have to put in? You guys are not qualified to be fooled by her … "
As soon as she said that, many of them felt that it made sense.
If the Nuwa Exiled did not stop, the remaining twenty to thirty thousand people would have died. There was no need for such a powerful being to lie to them.
After understanding this point, many people's faces immediately revealed ecstasy.
They did not expect that they would be invited by the Nuwa Clan to temporarily hide in the Barbaric Water Bone Pagoda …
Twenty to thirty thousand people out of ten million had entered the Barbaric Water Bone Pagoda. They were one of the lucky few.
Among the crowd, two of them looked at each other quietly.
These two were the assassins that Yan Lai had arranged.
They were ordered by Yan Lai to hide at the back of the crowd.
At the last moment, the two of them were in despair. They could not break free from the light circle. Their final fate was the same as the others. They would be killed into pieces.
The two of them dared to sneak into the Barbaric Water Bone Pagoda to assassinate the siblings. Naturally, they were prepared to sacrifice themselves. Yan Lai would treat their families well.
However, they could not even enter the Barbaric Water Bone Pagoda. Their sacrifice was not worth it.
They did not expect Yan Lai to be so accurate. Ming Wei had really stopped!
"Sect Leader Ming Wei, do you really intend to let these people in?" The old woman looked worried.
"Sect Master, you're a kind-hearted person. There's really no need to be considerate of these lowly commoners. A long night may bring trouble …" Another Elder advised.
Ming Wei smiled faintly. "Alright, there's no need to kill everyone. Even if you let these Aragami into the barbarian water bone tower, it won't be a big problem. However, you guys need to be more alert. Do not let these people walk around in the bone tower."
She had just killed tens of millions of people, but now she was being called "benevolent". This was the reason why she had left these twenty to thirty thousand people alive.
As the leader of the Nuwa Clan, it was inappropriate for her to be too cruel and bloodthirsty.
Under the surveillance of the people of Nuwa Clan, the 20,000 Aragami entered the bone tower in an orderly manner.
Of course, there were also the two assassins sent by Yan Lai.
The Nuwa Clan had divided the interior of the bone tower into a separate area. The Aragami were arranged to stay in that area.
The two assassins mixed in with the crowd and carefully observed the interior of the Barbaric Water Bone Tower.
Dozens of Nuwa Clan members were standing on the high ground, responsible for monitoring the Aragami.
After that, an elder of the Nuwa Clan floated above the heads of the Aragami and spoke with a cold voice, "I believe that all of you understand the situation that you're in right now. It's a great blessing that we, the Barbaric Water Bone Tower, are willing to take you in. I hope that all of you can spend this period of time peacefully. When the Judgment Light is over, if any of you dare to do anything strange, you will be killed on the spot!"
The more than 20,000 Aragami remained silent. Silence filled the air.
They were already satisfied to have a place to stay and live. Why would they dare to do anything else? Everyone was sitting on the ground obediently.
After the elder of Nuwa Clan left, the two assassins exchanged glances with each other...
When Yan Lai handed the mission to them, the two of them were puzzled.
Even if they managed to sneak into the bone tower, it was impossible for them to assassinate the siblings. Killing someone under the eyes of the exiles was more difficult than ascending to the sky.
However, Yan Lai told them that as long as they could find the right opportunity, they would have to act immediately. The two assassins could only accept their fate!
After waiting for about an hour, one of the assassins suddenly made a hand gesture. The other assassin nodded as well, showing an expression as if he was ready to risk everything.
"Let's go!"
The first assassin suddenly roared and activated his power of the Aragami. He grew to the size of 20,000 feet as he rushed into the depths of the cave!
"Die!"
The faces of the few Nuwa Clan members darkened. They also quickly activated their power of the Aragami and chased after the first assassin.
The first assassin had attracted the attention of most of the people. The second assassin followed closely behind him and soared into the sky.
The assassin suddenly burst out with an astonishing speed as he rushed towards another direction. In front of the assassin's forehead, there was a cluster of black smoke that could not be dispersed.
The cluster of black smoke was given to him by the warden. Through the black smoke, he could sense the location of Fu Chu and Xiao Yun.
The siblings were not far away from here. They were only dozens of miles away. As long as he could kill the siblings, everything would be over!
In the blink of an eye, the second assassin had already rushed more than ten miles away …
Dozens of miles away, Fu Chu sat on top of a green stone platform as he focused on his cultivation.
In a short period of time, Fu Chu had already cultivated to the level of an intermediate true god. From the looks of it, his progress was not bad.
All of this was due to Ming Wei's ability.
"Whoosh … Whoosh …"
At this moment, Fu Chu suddenly heard a piercing sound of wind. He then saw an Aragami approaching from afar, heading straight for him!
"Bloodline Seal?" Fu Chu's eyebrows twitched.
The assassin could sense Fu Chu's existence by relying on the black smoke on his forehead, which was the Bloodline Seal that Fu Chu mentioned. Similarly, Fu Chu could also sense the existence of the cluster of black smoke.
Therefore, Fu Chu instantly understood that the Aragami was coming for him!
The assassin's speed was extremely fast. Even if the other Nuwa Clan members reacted, they would not be able to stop him in time …
However, when the assassin was about a few miles away from Fu Chu, a rainbow-like light flashed and slashed at the assassin.
The assassin maintained his high-speed trajectory. However, his huge body could not dodge in time and was instantly slashed in half.
After that, Ming Wei's figure silently appeared in front of Fu Chu. She frowned slightly as she looked at the assassin.
"Child's play …"

Chapter 2217
Fu Chu slowly walked over to Ming Wei. He looked at the corpse that had been cut in half by Ming Wei and said, "This person has a bloodline mark. As long as he is within a certain range, he will be able to find me. It was the warden's family."
The Bloodline Seal's range was not large. Otherwise, the two sisters would not have been able to escape the Warden Clan's pursuit.
Ming Wei looked at Fu Chu and said, "It's not just the Warden Clan that did this."
"There are other clans that joined them?" Fu Chu chuckled. He was very optimistic.
"Yes, don't worry … I'll ensure your safety." Ming Wei nodded.
At this moment, a few elders from the Nuwa Clan and a few exiles gathered. The last to arrive was Fu Chu's sister, Xiao Yun.
They knew Fu Chu's importance. When Fu Chu was attacked, it was natural for them to be nervous.
However, Ming Wei was the one who let these hidden dangers in.
"Sect Master Ming Wei, should we bring Fu Chu to a more secluded place?" An elder from the Nuwa Clan asked.
Xiao Yun shook her head. "I sensed the Bloodline Seal just now. As long as we're in this bone tower, it doesn't matter where we hide …"
Ming Wei smiled when she saw the worried looks on everyone's faces. "Don't worry. Whether it's the Xuanyuan Clan or the Warden Clan, they only dare to act in the dark. I, Ming Wei, am personally overseeing the situation.
In terms of strength, Ming Wei was the strongest exiled in this world. Yan Lai from the Xuanyuan Clan and Elder Jin from the Chiyou Clan could only be second to her. She was quite confident in her own strength.
Everyone nodded. If even Ming Wei could not protect Fu Chu, then it would be useless to hide anywhere.
However, at this moment, a spatial vortex appeared behind them. Elder Jin walked out of the spatial vortex.
Usually, exiles were not allowed to enter the bone tower of the Nuwa Clan. However, it was a special time now. The clans that were ranked at the top had agreed to take care of each other. Naturally, they were not so particular.
The moment Elder Jin appeared, his gaze fell on the corpse of the assassin. His eyes flashed and his face darkened. "Ming Wei, is everything alright here?"
Chi Ling Bone Pagoda was also under siege by the Aragami. After Old Jin had dealt with those Aragami, he was naturally worried.
Ming Wei smiled. "They're just some ants. I've already dealt with them."
Elder Jin nodded as a sneer appeared on his face. "That fellow Yan Lai actually used such a childish method. He's really stupid!"
At this moment, spatial fluctuations appeared around them one after another.
Following that, the exiles from the Star Deer Race, Fire Melt Race, Southern Dipper Race, and other large races appeared one after another. Like Elder Jin, they were very concerned about Fu Chu and Xiao Yun.
In the eyes of some exiles, they could even give up their bone pagodas and their clansmen, but the siblings could not die!
This showed how important this pair of siblings was to them.
However, when they understood the whole story, their expressions relaxed.
"Hahaha, that fellow Yan Lai has always been crafty, but this time he actually came up with such a rotten idea …"
"The warden's family is really worried about this pair of siblings. Looks like we might succeed this time!"
"Once the Judgement Light passes, we'll set off!"
In this relaxed atmosphere, the Star Deer Race's exiled Zhuang Xun casually took two steps toward Fu Chu and said, "However, since they've already made their move once, there will be a second time. We still have to be careful. Why don't I use my Heaven's End ability to create an area to protect Fu Chu?"
Hearing this, Ming Wei and Elder Jin frowned slightly as they looked at each other.
Ming Wei shook her head and said, "There's no need for that."
"Is that so?"
As soon as Zhuang Xun said that, a black light flashed in the depths of his eyes.
Whoosh!
The Star Deer Race's exiled Zhuang Xun extended his arm toward Fu Chu.
"What are you doing!?"
"Zhuang Xun! How dare you! "
"…"
The exiles from the other large races were shocked.
As an exiled, Zhuang Xun's speed was extremely fast.
The elders of the Nuwa Race could not react at all. As for Fu Chu, he did not resist at all.
"Crack!"
Zhuang Xun's hand was faster than lightning. In the blink of an eye, he had already grabbed Fu Chu's head. With a gentle tug, Fu Chu's head was separated from his body. At the same time, Zhuang Xun squeezed hard, and Fu Chu's head turned into a pool of blood. He was deader than dead …
"Hahaha …"
Zhuang Xun's face was full of pride as he kept drifting and distancing himself from Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the rest of the exiles.
Ming Wei and Elder Jin, on the other hand, stood where they were and looked at Zhuang Xun with indifferent expressions.
"I'm sorry, Ming Wei, Elder Jin." Zhuang Xun held the bloody head with one hand and said with a fake smile, "The quota to leave this world is limited. I want to fight for one!"
Ming Wei stared coldly at Zhuang Xun and said, "If we succeed, you can also leave. Why do you still want to fight for the warden's quota?"
Zhuang Xun waved Fu Chu's head in his hand. "Because you are destined to fail. I don't think highly of you! The result proves that I'm right. You have failed. Why not use your head in exchange for a quota to leave? "
Yan Lai did not expect the Aragami assassins to complete their mission. He had spent so much effort for only one purpose, and that was to create a reasonable opportunity for the other exiles to visit the barbarian water bone tower.
Before that, Yan Lai had already promised Zhuang Xun of the Star Deer Clan.
As long as the young man was killed, the warden's clan would let Zhuang Xun leave. After some hesitation, Zhuang Xun made a choice. He chose to betray …
The two assassins in front used the warden's clan's "Bloodline Seal" to determine Fu Chu's location. Then, Zhuang Xun took the opportunity to visit the Nuwa Clan and killed Fu Chu when they were unprepared. It was a very direct method, but it was very effective.
Ming Wei sneered and sighed softly. She shook her head and said, "It's a pity that your judgment is wrong. You had the chance to leave with us …"
Hearing this, Zhuang Xun's face showed a strange expression. He felt a little uneasy. He grabbed the head in his hand and said, "Fu Chu is dead. What chance do you have?"
Elder Jin grinned and said, "You should be the one to die."

Chapter 2218
An exiled person like Zhuang Xun could teleport millions of miles away in an instant.
However, after the black snake coiled around Zhuang Xun, it actually fixed him on the spot …
"This, this is the Spirit Binding Snake Divine Venomous Worm! Ming Wei, you … "
Zhuang Xun stared at Ming Wei in panic. At the same time, his eyes were filled with confusion.
The Spirit Binding Snake Divine Venomous Worm was an extremely powerful venomous worm technique of the Nuwa Clan. When it was used by Ming Wei, it was even more powerful. Even a Nirvana Realm expert wouldn't be able to escape from it!
The problem was that Ming Wei used the Spirit Binding Snake Divine Venomous Worm on Fu Chu. Fu Chu would definitely die. Did this mean that Ming Wei had the intention to sacrifice Fu Chu?
Why would she choose to sacrifice Fu Chu? Zhuang Xun couldn't understand.
"Is it strange?" Ming Wei's pretty face finally revealed a smile.
"You are willing to kill Fu Chu?" Zhuang Xun asked as he struggled.
"Why not?" Ming Wei smiled and clapped her hands.
Not far away, a figure slowly floated over. It was the youthful Fu Chu. Fu Chu had a faint smile on his face.
Zhuang Xun frowned and shook his head. "Impossible. They used the bloodline imprint to confirm it. The one in my hand can't be fake!"
"Who said it's fake?" Ming Wei clapped her hands again.
A few more young men slowly walked over from the other side. These young men were all Fu Chu. No matter if it was their demeanor, appearance, or cultivation, they were all exactly the same.
At the same time, Ming Wei continued, "The moment I brought him into the bone pagoda, I knew that there might be a traitor. However, I couldn't guard against everyone, so I decided to let you all show yourselves … You did kill Fu Chu, but I have more than ten of them here!"
After hearing Ming Wei's words, Zhuang Xun's eyebrows twitched.
"It shouldn't be difficult for the Nuwa Clan to create someone with the same bloodline, appearance, and memory, right?" Ming Wei continued with a smile.
Zhuang Xun was silent for a while. No matter what, he had failed.
Realizing that he would not be able to escape death, his eyes suddenly lit up with two flames.
Hualala …
Red-gold flames rose on the surface of his body.
The scorching heat spread out and instantly caused the temperature in the entire cave to rise rapidly!
After realizing that he could not escape, Zhuang Xun decided to risk his life!
The other elders of the Nuwa Clan all stepped back. Ming Wei, on the other hand, sneered, "Is there any point in resisting now?"
A dazzling multicolored light spread out from her fingertips, and this dazzling multicolored light quickly enveloped Zhuang Xun.
Even though Zhuang Xun wasn't considered weak among the exiles, he didn't have the slightest ability to resist.
When Elder Jin saw this scene, he was also secretly shocked.
Although Elder Jin was confident that he could kill Zhuang Xun, he knew that he couldn't do it so easily. Elder Jin knew that Ming Wei's strength was above his own, but he didn't expect that after all these years, Ming Wei had already reached an unfathomable level …
"Huff huff …"
The light that enveloped Zhuang Xun suddenly expanded, and then began to contract violently.
When the light shrank to its limit, a scream rang out, and Zhuang Xun disappeared along with it.
Killing a Nirvana Realm powerhouse with a wave of her hand made the exiles of the other large clans' pupils dilate slightly, and there was a hint of fear in their eyes.
"Even now, I still can't completely trust all of you." Ming Wei's red lips parted slightly as she looked at the exiles and said, "I hope that all of you can properly grasp this opportunity. If you choose to side with the other side, that's also your freedom. However, I believe that such a choice is destined to be regretted!"
After saying that, Ming Wei took two light steps forward. Circles of rainbows appeared in front of her, and she entered them.
"Hmph, that Zhuang Xun betrayed us at the last moment. He deserved to die!"
"Just now, I thought that child Fu Chu was really dead. That scared me …"
"…"
In the face of Zhuang Xun's death, the exiles present shook their heads and sighed.
Elder Jin also said to everyone, "Everyone should obediently guard your own bone pagoda. Everything will wait until the Judgment Light descends, so as to avoid arousing suspicion …"
Even Elder Jin sighed. It was a wise choice to seek out the Nuwa Clan back then.
With just the Chiyou Clan alone, it would be difficult to protect Fu Chu.
Then, the exiles left the bone pagoda and prepared to welcome the Judgment Light.
…
…
Inside the bone pagoda on Evil Mountain.
Yan Lai was still sitting at the top of the mountain, his calm expression unreadable.
The other exiles of the Xuan Yuan Clan had ugly expressions on their faces.
"I thought that Zhuang Xun had attacked at such a close distance. Who knew that Ming Wei was even more ruthless!"
"That's because she's so powerful! Now that we've completely offended the Nuwa Clan, we'll be in big trouble if they come looking for trouble with us after the Judgment Light descends! "
"Big Brother, what do you think we should do?"
Although these exiles were determined to follow Yan Lai, they were still wary of the Nuwa Clan and Ming Wei.
Yan Lai raised an eyebrow. "Look for trouble with us? Hehe, they're busy escaping from this world. Where would they find the time to look for trouble with us? "
Despite Yan Lai's words, the exiles still didn't look too happy.
However, at this moment, the black-robed man from the warden's clan appeared at the top of the mountain again.
He looked down at Yan Lai and said, "You've failed."
Yan Lai blinked. "That's normal. With Ming Wei's vigilance, it'd be strange if I could succeed so easily."
"What do you plan to do next?" the black-robed man asked.
The warden's clan hadn't been very helpful in the assassination of Fu Chu. They had only planted a bloodline imprint in the assassin's mind. However, they hadn't expected Ming Wei to create more than ten Fu Chus.
"We'll talk about it after the Judgment Light." Yan Lai narrowed his eyes, a dangerous glint faintly visible in them. "The prerequisite is that you give me more authority and help. Otherwise, it'll be very difficult to deal with that crazy woman."
Ming Wei's strength was too terrifying. Even Yan Lai was wary of such a woman.
"Sure," the black-robed man replied in an ethereal voice. "I hope you won't disappoint me."
With that, the black-robed man's figure slowly disappeared.
Three days later, a milky white light slowly rose from the easternmost part of this world and slowly rolled toward the west.
This light contained an almost limitless purifying power, and this purifying power would purify all living creatures, except for those without intelligence.
Whether they flew to the top of this world or hid deep underground, they couldn't escape the fate of being purified.

Chapter 2219
The cities that were bustling with noise were now silent.
The living beings outside the bone towers had returned to their starting point after being active in these cities for a thousand years.
This world had gone through countless reincarnations.
The major clans living in the bone towers had already gotten used to such a scene and result.
If things were to go according to the previous path, the Yin people would slowly gain intelligence. Then, under the guidance of the major clans, they would step into the empty cities and give birth to new Aragami. Meanwhile, a few of them would be able to join the bone towers …
However, the situation this time was different.
The exiles in the bone towers were ready to make a move.
The major clans led by the Nuwa Clan and the Chiyou Clan were aiming to defeat the warden's clan and escape from this world.
The major clans led by the Xuanyuan Clan were also aiming to escape from this world. However, their goal was to stop the Nuwa Clan and the Chiyou Clan …
There was an irreconcilable conflict between these two forces.
Both sides knew very well that this thousand-year reincarnation cycle was destined to be different from the past.
In the Chiyou Bone Tower …
All the Chiyou clansmen had gathered in the square.
Elder Jin stood in front of them. He could not hold back the excitement in his heart. However, his face was still calm.
"As the clansmen of the Chiyou Clan, I believe that you know the origin of our clan very well." Elder Jin's voice spread out and entered their ears clearly. "I, Fu Er, Chi Yi, and … we came from a broader mother world. Our roots are in the mother world! Since the moment I entered this world, I have always wanted to leave this world. However, I never had the chance. However, now, the chance has appeared. "
The Chiyou Aragami had a complicated expression when they heard Elder Jin's words.
Other than the exiles and Luo Zheng, all the Aragami were born in this world.
Perhaps some of the Aragami were interested in the outside world. However, there were still many who were not that interested. They grew up in the bone towers and ran amok in this world. Their lives were free and easy …
"I know that some of you are against leaving." Elder Jin continued, "I am not forcing you to follow me. If you are willing to stay, you can stay in the bone towers."
As soon as he said that, the Aragami did not look any better.
The reason why the Chiyou Clan could become a powerful clan in this world was because of these powerful exiles. If these exiles were to leave, the remaining Aragami would not be enough to support the Chiyou Clan.
They would soon lose control of the Chi Spirit Bone Pagoda and be driven out by the exiles of the other races, or even slaughtered!
Therefore, no matter how unwilling they were, they were still willing to follow Elder Jin and the exiles!
"I will give you six hours to consider whether to stay or leave. Within these six hours, pack up your things and gather outside the bone pagoda." Elder Jin led the way out of the bone pagoda.
Along with him were the exiles, the elders, and the leaders of the Chi You Tribe. Of course, Luo Zheng was there as well.
"Yes! The purified aura is indeed different. It has a fresh and sweet smell! "
Mao Xue raised her head and sniffed the air.
Luo Zheng said with a faint smile, "Isn't it the same?"
Mao Xue shook her head and said seriously, "It's not the same! The light of judgment not only purifies all living beings, it also purifies all the filth in this world! "
Luo Zheng also followed Mao Xue and sniffed, but did not notice anything different.
However, Mao Xue's words made Luo Zheng think.
Why did the Primal Chaos Elder God build this prison? Why did he exile Elder Jin, Fu Er, and the others here?
Elder Jin once told Luo Zheng that the bones in this world were clones of everyone. But no matter how he speculated, why did the Primal Chaos Elder God build this prison?
More and more clansmen came out of the bone pagoda …
Most of the clansmen knew the situation they were facing, they could only follow the exiles. Only a small number of clansmen refused to leave. These clansmen thought that the Chi Spirit Bone Pagoda was their home and refused to leave with the exiles!
After all the clansmen made up their minds, huge bone ships slowly rose into the sky. Violet Spirit, Diao Yuan, and the other elders led the clansmen and moved towards the north in an orderly manner.
This world was very small for the exiles, but it was still too big for the Aragami. It would take a long time for so many people to migrate. Elder Jin and Ming Wei had already agreed to meet under the Star Spirit Bone Pagoda in the north!
At the same time, the clansmen of the Nuwa Clan also began to move towards the Star Spirit Bone Pagoda!
The Star Spirit Bone Pagoda was the territory of the Star Deer Clan.
Although Zhuang Xun of the Star Deer Clan was killed by Ming Wei because he ambushed Fu Chu, the other exiles of the Star Deer Clan did not participate. They were still willing to follow the Nuwa Clan.
As for the exiles of the Nandou Clan, the Fire Melts Clan, and other large clans, they also led their clansmen and began to migrate …
After about three months, more than ten large clans and hundreds of thousands of clansmen finally gathered under the Star Spirit Bone Pagoda.
"Luo Zheng!"
Xiao Yun saw Luo Zheng in the crowd. Her beautiful eyes squinted slightly, turning into a pair of beautiful crescent moons.
After entering the Nuwa Clan, under the nourishment of the vast amount of desolate bones, her cultivation base had also skyrocketed. She was now a middle-level Aragami.
She wore a long yellow dress, making her look elegant and refined. Her temperament seemed to have changed quite a bit.
Fu Chu, who was beside Xiao Yun, had also lost his childishness.
He did not know what method Ming Wei used to raise Fu Chu's cultivation base to the level of an upper-level True God in such a short period of time …
Even Luo Zheng could not compare to such a speed of advancement. However, it was not because Fu Chu's talent was higher than Luo Zheng's. The most important thing was Ming Wei's ability.
After a short gathering, everyone continued to migrate.
Before this, no one knew the location of the warden's clan. Now, it was natural that Fu Chu and Xiao Yun would guide them.
Hundreds of thousands of people continued to move north …
After a few months, everyone had arrived at the extreme north of this world.
This was a barren land. Apart from a large stretch of wasteland, there were no other living creatures.
As there was no Eternal Wasteland, there were no sneaky people.
In fact, before this, many exiles had already explored this place. In the end, they did not find anything.
Therefore, when Xiao Yun and Fu Chu guided them here, the exiles were rather puzzled. They could not imagine that the warden's clan's nest would be hidden here.

Chapter 2220
No one knew how big the bottom of the chaos was.
The prison only occupied a small area at the bottom of the chaos.
If they could pass through this jagged area, it would be equivalent to leaving this world …
Many exiles, such as Ming Wei and Elder Jin, had tried it themselves.
With their strength, it was not difficult to pass through. In fact, this "prison" did not have a wall to restrain them. What truly restrained them was the curse chain.
They could not break free of the curse chain. Even if they escaped from this world, they would still be pulled back.
The reason why the exiles had placed their hopes on Fu Chu was because he had the ability to sever the curse chains.
Looking at the jagged area, Ming Wei's eyes flashed with doubt. She asked, "The warden's nest is not in this world?"
Fu Chu looked ahead and nodded. He stretched out his hands and gently drew a circle in the air.
A unique scene suddenly appeared within the circle.
The curse chain behind the exiles was densely coiled together and extended into the darkness along the jagged area.
The curse chain twisted and turned, forming a very complicated path.
"If we follow this path, we'll be able to pass through it?" Ming Wei raised her eyebrows after seeing the path clearly.
The other exiles also looked over, their faces full of anticipation.
Fu Chu looked at Xiao Yun.
In fact, Fu Chu did not have a deep understanding of the secrets of his race. He still relied on his sister.
Xiao Yun nodded. "Yes, we can pass through this path. But I think they are ready …"
"We are ready too." Ming Wei smiled coldly.
Cold smiles appeared on the faces of the exiles. Many of them even clenched their fists.
They had been imprisoned here for countless years by the damned warden's clan. They had resentment in their hearts. Now that it was finally time to settle the score, they naturally could not wait.
"Then please follow us," Xiao Yun said with a smile.
Fu Chu and Xiao Yun walked in front to lead the way. Ming Wei, Elder Jin, the exiles, and Luo Zheng followed behind them.
As for the hundreds of thousands of clansmen, they stayed outside …
When the situation was unclear, these clansmen only needed to wait outside for orders.
Following this winding path, Luo Zheng felt that the surrounding light was getting weaker and weaker. Gradually, everyone was immersed in a dusky gray light.
About two hours later, the group had traveled over a hundred miles. Then, the road ahead suddenly opened up!
"This is …" Luo Zheng suddenly raised his eyebrows.
The eyes of the other exiles also shone brightly.
Previously, they had needed Fu Chu's ability to see the existence of the curse chains. However, after they passed through the path, they no longer needed Fu Chu's help. The curse chains appeared in front of everyone's eyes.
The Curse Chains in front of him were connected to all the living beings in this world, so there were probably tens of millions or even billions of Curse Chains floating in the air. The densely packed Curse Chains could be said to cover the sky and the sun, extending all the way into the distance.
In the distance, there was a huge platform, and the curse chains were all tied up on it!
"We finally found this damned place. Hehe …" One of the Fire Melt Race's exiles became inexplicably excited. "We just have to break the Curse Chains on our bodies, right?"
After saying that, the exiled stepped into the air. A spiral of flames randomly wrapped around him, and he actually teleported in an instant!
"Don't!"
When she saw the actions of the Fire Meld Clan's exile, Little Yun hurriedly spoke out to stop him.
However, it was already too late …
Balls of black liquid suddenly surged out of the spatial tunnel opened by the exiled. When the liquid touched the exiled, it instantly swallowed him.
It was unknown what this black liquid was, but it tightly wrapped around the exiled.
"Qin Mi!"
The exiles from the Fire Melt Race turned pale with fright.
One of them, a short old man, lightly shook his hand, and a white jade ruler appeared in his hand. Without any hesitation, the jade ruler touched Qin Mi's body. At the same time, a terrifying energy was released from the jade ruler.
This old man was clearly going to help Qin Mi get rid of the black liquid!
However, not only did the white jade ruler not get rid of the black liquid, but the black liquid actually spread along the white jade ruler, and actually wanted to swallow the white jade ruler and the old man!
The old man clenched his teeth and had no choice but to let go.
Soon, Qin Mi and the white jade ruler were cleanly swallowed by the black liquid and disappeared in front of everyone's eyes.
Just like that, an exiled died in front of everyone.
This person from the Fire Melt Race was considered average among the exiles, but he was unable to resist at all …
Everyone was speechless as they looked at the place where Qin Mi disappeared.
Xiao Yun frowned and said, "They already know that we are coming. They will definitely set up layers of restrictions. Even you can't act rashly!"
A trace of fear appeared in Ming Wei's eyes. At the same time, she said, "If I'm not wrong, this black liquid is the Dispelling Water. They actually filled the spatial tunnel with such a large amount of this …"
Elder Jin nodded. "It is indeed the Dispelling Water. This kind of water can only exist in spatial tunnels. Everyone, don't panic. It will be fine as long as you don't break the spatial tunnel!"
Although Elder Jin's words were comforting, everyone's hearts were still heavy.
They had finally found this world with great difficulty. Both sides hadn't truly fought yet, but one of them had inexplicably fallen. This trip would probably be more difficult than they had imagined.
Luo Zheng followed in the group and remained silent the whole time.
Although his strength had advanced by leaps and bounds, it was still insufficient in front of these exiles.
At this stage, he couldn't help too much. He could only wait and see.
"Elder Jin is right." Xiao Yun nodded. "Everyone, just follow me. Although they have set up restrictions, they aren't as powerful as we imagined. Everyone, don't be too rash!"
Under Xiao Yun's lead, the hundred exiles continued to advance in this gloomy world.
At the same time, on a high platform in the depths of this world, there were about thirty people standing …
These people weren't members of the warden's family. They were exiles from the bone pagoda.
The leader was Yan Lai from the Xuanyuan Family!
"Hehe, the restrictions in this place are powerful. Qin Mi couldn't resist at all and fell just like that. I was defeated by him back then!" An exiled laughed.

Chapter 2221
"Brother Yan Lai, what else are you worried about?" One of the exiles with a big beard asked, "We've all seen the tricks that the warden's family has set up. Even if there are ten of Ming Wei, what can they do to us?"
Upon hearing that, Yan Lai smiled faintly. "You're right. But don't forget that the siblings are in Ming Wei's hands. They're very familiar with this place. If the warden's family is really confident, why would they lure us to fight against them?"
"That's true …" The bearded man nodded.
The other exiles were silent as well.
Among the exiles present, other than Yan Lai and the Xuanyuan family exiles who were in the first echelon, the other twenty exiles were slightly weaker.
If they were to fight against Ming Wei and the others head-on, these exiles would definitely lose.
Similarly, in order to leave this world, they could only choose to be used by the warden's family. The outcome of this battle was also very important to them …
Under Xiao Yun's lead, Ming Wei, Jin Lao, and the others were gradually moving faster.
There was no clear scenery in this dark space. The grayish-white color was very depressing. Fortunately, these exiles had a strong state of mind. Each of them looked calm.
However, the elders of the major families and the elite Aragami were very nervous. The slightest movement would cause them to be extremely alert. Maintaining such vigilance for a long time would quickly tire them out.
Only Ming Wei and the others who were leading the way in front could make them feel slightly relieved …
After traveling for a hundred miles, everyone heard the sound of water splashing. It was as if the tide of the sea was constantly rolling. However, they could not see any water source at all.
After Xiao Yun heard the sound, she immediately stopped.
"What's wrong?" Ming Wei walked forward and asked.
"It's the Heart of the Sea Water," Xiao Yun said with a frown.
"What's the Heart of the Sea Water?" Ming Wei asked.
As soon as Ming Wei asked, a series of thin bubbles suddenly appeared on the ground far away. These bubbles were spreading towards them at an unbelievable speed.
"Be careful, they're controlling the Heart of the Sea Water to attack!" Xiao Yun's expression changed drastically as she quickly retreated.
"Hualala!"
The bubbles on the ground quickly rose into the air. They were thin and long water arrows!
Looking from afar, these water arrows didn't seem like much. But when these water arrows approached, everyone could clearly see that each of these water arrows was 60,000 to 70,000 feet long. They were incomparably huge, and within the bodies of these water arrows, light blue water was crazily rotating, forming a sharp arrowhead. This arrowhead contained a power that made one's heart palpitate!
"Retreat!"
Ming Wei only spat out one word.
The others could retreat, but she couldn't.
Facing those huge water arrows, Ming Wei stretched out her hand and lightly patted it. A brilliant bracelet appeared on her arm.
She gently shook the bracelet, and a seven-colored light curtain opened up like a large umbrella in front of her!
"Pu!"
When the first water arrow hit the light screen, the light screen swayed slightly before the water arrow dispersed.
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
Following which, even more water arrows hit the light screen, bursting out with a huge impact.
Ming Wei raised her right hand and stabilized the light screen. She said indifferently, "Everyone, follow behind me. Continue!"
These water arrows smashed into the seven-colored light screen, causing a series of violent explosions. Even Luo Zheng was speechless when he saw this scene. With Luo Zheng's current cultivation base, it was very difficult for him to block a single water arrow. However, Ming Wei was standing in front of him, taking care of all the attacks …
This woman's strength was truly terrifying.
Everyone gathered behind Ming Wei and continued forward.
But these huge water arrows seemed to be endless. Everyone's speed slowed down significantly. The speed of hundreds of people was like a snail …
This continued for less than an hour, but they had only traveled three to four miles. This space wasn't big, but if they continued at their current speed, it would take forever.
"We can't continue like this." Ming Wei frowned and said, "Xiao Yun, where are these water arrows coming from?"
Xiao Yun frowned as she looked into the distance and said, "The Seaheart Heavy Water is shot out by heavy water crossbows. I don't know who is controlling the heavy water crossbows, but they must be hiding in the distance to ambush us …"
"Is that so …" Ming Wei lowered her head and thought for a moment. Her gaze fell on Elder Jin and said, "Elder Jin, I'll have to trouble you."
Elder Jin understood tacitly. He nodded slightly and said, "Fu Er, Chi Yi, follow me!"
The three of them were the three strongest exiles of the Chiyou Clan. Now that they had reached this point, these large clans didn't hold back at all!
The three of them didn't hesitate and rushed out of the light screen. They turned into three streaks of light and nimbly shuttled through the huge water arrows. Soon, they disappeared from everyone's sight.
The others were still hiding behind Ming Wei. In this situation, most of them couldn't help and could only wait passively. Luo Zheng was the same.
Not long after …
From a faraway space, a few resplendent lights suddenly shot into the sky.
"Boom! Boom! Boom … "
Everyone felt the earth tremble.
A trace of worry flashed across the faces of the Chiyou Clan's elders.
Obviously, the three exiles of the Chiyou Clan were fighting with someone in the distance. Moreover, the opponent was very likely the warden's clan. Naturally, they were worried about the safety of the three exiles.
Especially Zi Yu. After all, her father was among them.
The violent rumbling continued for a period of time before it quieted down, and the water arrows that were shot from afar also disappeared ….
Not long after, three streaks of light flew over from afar. Seeing the three exiles of the Chiyou Clan return safely, everyone breathed a sigh of relief.
Elder Jin, who was in the lead, was carrying a person in his hand!
"Bang!"
Elder Jin flew in front of the crowd and casually tossed the man to the ground.
When the exiles saw this, a strange expression appeared on their faces.
"It's Lu Yu?"
"Lu Yu of the Four Symbols Clan?"
"Why is he here?!"
The Four Symbols Clan was also a small clan with a bloodline. There were only two exiles in this clan, and one of them was Lu Yu. They naturally recognized him.
Elder Jin stared at the person and said, "Apart from him, there was also Hong Kai from the Earth Brute Clan and Yi Lin from the Nine Eyes Clan who released the water arrows. However, I killed them all. It seems that these small clans entered this place one step ahead of us."
Ming Wei frowned and said, "That means Yan Lai is also here?"

Chapter 2222
At this moment, Lv Yu, who was curled up on the ground, suddenly let out a strange laugh.
Ming Wei frowned slightly and asked, "What are you laughing at?"
"Brother Yan Lai is here, of course," Lv Yu's eyes flashed with a dim light as he stared at Ming Wei.
Ming Wei sneered, "So what? Yan Lai is no match for me … But you exiles are foolish enough to follow the Xuanyuan clan! "
The Xuanyuan clan was ranked second in this world, but there was still a considerable gap between them and the Nuwa clan.
Ming Wei, in particular, was almost invincible in this world. Even Elder Jin and Yan Lai were inferior to her.
"What else? You think you're interested in small clans like us?! " Lv Yu suddenly roared when he heard this, his expression somewhat ferocious, "You big clans only know how to squeeze us exiles step by step. Even if we had a chance to escape this time, did you even consider us? To be honest, I don't think the warden clan will really let us leave if we ambush you. But if we can't leave, you guys can forget about it too! "
Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the other exiles all had strange looks on their faces when they saw Lv Yu roaring.
Over the years, apart from the top ten clans, the other small clans and even the exiles had been greatly suppressed …
After all, the ones who supported the development of a clan were the exiles, and the strength of the exiles was obvious at a glance. Although many small clans chose to band together, they were still unable to fight against the big clans, especially giants like the Nuwa clan and the Chiyou clan.
When the small clans were being squeezed, the exiles could only ask their clans to give way and endure. Over time, the exiles of the small clans were filled with resentment towards the big clans!
In the past, everyone was in the same world, so the exiles of the small clans had no choice but to endure.
Now that the exiles like Lv Yu heard that the Nuwa clan had found a way to escape, the disparity in their hearts naturally increased, and the resentment that had been accumulated exploded.
Just as Lv Yu had said, if they could not leave, then the big clans of this world could not leave either.
It was like a group of people scrambling to climb up a dry well. The people at the top were about to climb out, but the people at the bottom were desperate to drag them down …
"Don't waste your breath on him. Let's kill him and move on!" An exile from the Fire Meld Race spoke, and a blazing flame appeared in his hand as he walked towards Lv Yu.
Ming Wei sighed softly and turned around.
Due to the lack of resources in this world, the competition between each other became even more intense. This was something that no one could avoid …
"Feng!"
The raging flames quickly enveloped the green feather.
Lü Yu's roar came from within the flames. That roar was filled with vicious curses. "You will definitely die here. All of you will die here. No one will be able to escape …"
Just as the flames were madly devouring Lü Yu, an extremely majestic energy suddenly emerged from Lü Yu's body! At this moment, he had chosen to self-destruct!
The power of the self-destruction of a Nirvana Realm powerhouse was naturally extremely terrifying. Even though Lv Yu was one of the weaker ones among the exiles, he was still not to be underestimated. Even the residual power of the explosion was enough to pose a fatal threat to the Aragami.
However, this group of people was ultimately filled with talents. Lü Yu's body turned into a huge ball of light and began to expand in all directions.
Fu Two from the Chiyou Race flashed, and a pale yellow paper talisman appeared in his hand. He slapped the paper talisman in the air, and streaks of pale yellow light formed into tentacles that enveloped the expanding ball of light.
When these tentacles completely enveloped the ball of light, the energy contained within the ball of light was completely blocked within, and not a single bit escaped …
"What a powerful technique!"
When Luo Zheng saw this scene, he secretly sighed in his heart.
Apart from Elder Jin, these exiles from the Chiyou Clan had never revealed their talents. However, the technique that they casually used was able to restrain the self-detonation of a Nirvana Realm powerhouse. This strength had indeed caught his attention …
After a few breaths, the energy produced by Lü Yu's self-destruction reached its peak and began to rapidly dissipate. In the end, it quickly disappeared under the yellow paper talisman that Fu Two had slapped out.
Probably after hearing Luo Zheng's exclamation, 9527, who had been silent all this while, suddenly spoke up, "Isn't it just the True Meaning of Soul Seal and Dao Extermination? It's not worth it, is it?"
"The True Meaning of Soul Seal and Dao Extermination?"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
When Fu Two slapped out the yellow paper, Luo Zheng did indeed feel a powerful sealing power from it. He did not expect that it was also a True Meaning of Dao.
"Yes, I've said before. Although the True Meaning of Dao comprehended from the cultivation method of the great world is powerful, it can't be compared to the truth. Therefore, their so-called crossing of the Nirvana Realm is just a false crossing …"
9527 did not know how to hide his feelings. Naturally, what he expressed was extreme disdain.
"False crossing of the Nirvana Realm …" Hearing 9527's evaluation, Luo Zheng was rather speechless. He retorted, "Even if it's a false crossing of the Nirvana Realm, it's still far stronger than I am now. Otherwise, until now, I can't help at all."
Ever since they entered this space, it had been Ming Wei and Elder Jin leading the way in front. Not to mention Luo Zheng and the others, even the Aragami Elders of the major clans could only hide behind the Nirvana Realm powerhouses.
It could be said that even the weakest Nirvana Realm powerhouse was not something that the Aragami could fight against …
9527 was very unconvinced. "That's only because their cultivation is higher than yours. Just wait and see. The Warden Clan that you speak of will eventually use 'Ruin's Equality of All Living Beings. When that time comes, this group of Nirvana Realm powerhouses will definitely be dumbfounded. In the end, they will still have to rely on your Falling Star Hand. If you don't believe me, just wait and see, hehe …"
After Luo Zheng comprehended the original owner's Truth Crystal, 9527 taught him how to use it.
The method of using the Truth Crystal was extensive and profound. Some of the methods were far beyond what Luo Zheng could grasp at his current level. The 'Falling Star Hand' was the most basic magic of the original owner.
Although Luo Zheng had a small understanding of it, he had never used it in front of others.
In terms of power, it was not considered powerful in Luo Zheng's eyes. After all, the Truth Crystal itself was a type of energy. It did not have that kind of frightening feeling. It was far inferior to the energy of the Path.
"Equality of All Living Beings? What does that mean? "
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He had forgotten that 9527, as a part of the soul of the Primordial God of Chaos, knew more about this world than him, or even Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the other exiles.
It was just that he did not ask before, and 9527 did not mention it …

Chapter 2223
Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Luo Zheng wasn't satisfied with the power of the Falling Star Hand, but that didn't mean he looked down on the Truth God Power.
Just like what 9527 said, the Truth had to be comprehended from the fusion to the Great Unity. This level of energy might be able to touch upon the essence of the entire Chaos.
Although Luo Zheng had condensed the Truth Crystal, he hadn't truly grasped it at all. It was completely driven by his bloodline …
But the warden's clan was different.
They believed in the Ruin's orders to control this world. The Ruin must have given them some powerful means.
If so, how would Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others deal with it?
"Can I really use the Falling Star Hand to deal with this All Lives Equal?" Luo Zheng continued to ask. He still couldn't figure out how this God Power, which was far from meeting the requirements of actual combat, could be used to deal with the Ruin's power.
"You'll know when the time comes." 9527 seemed very confident.
Since it said so, Luo Zheng didn't ask any more questions. He followed the group and continued forward.
With Little Yun leading the way, and relying on the powerful strength of Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the other exiles, the group became unstoppable.
Although the exiles of the small clans repeatedly attacked them, they were easily resolved. Not only that, but some of the exiles of the small clans also died at their hands.
Three days later …
The group had already traveled tens of thousands of miles in this space.
Those high platforms that were originally far away now appeared in front of everyone's eyes. Many people had a hint of excitement in their eyes.
After all, this expedition had been very smooth. After entering this space, only Qin Mi had died. After that, they had been unstoppable …
However, Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others weren't so optimistic.
This journey had been too smooth, so smooth that it was abnormal.
If things were abnormal, there had to be a reason. Moreover, they weren't just fighting Yan Ming or the exiles of the small clans. Their true opponent was the warden's clan.
Up until now, the warden's clan hadn't shown up, nor had they made a move.
This was the biggest hidden concern.
"Little Yun, does the Warden Clan live here?" Ming Wei asked as she looked at the platforms.
Xiao Yun nodded. This was the place where she was born, so she was naturally very familiar with it. She then said, "These high platforms are the Imprisonment Towers. There are a total of 200,000 Imprisonment Towers, and they are used to bind all the living beings in this world."
Every prison tower was connected to countless chains of curses, and all the living beings in this world were bound to the high platforms.
"Can we destroy these platforms?" Ming Wei asked again.
Xiao Yun shook her head. "These platforms were created by the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods. You can't destroy them."
Hearing this, Chi Yi from the Chiyou Race was a little unconvinced. He smiled faintly and said, "Then let me try!"
Xiao Yun didn't stop Chi Yi. There wasn't any danger in destroying these high platforms.
"Sou!"
Chi Yi abruptly lifted himself up from the ground. He clenched his fist with one hand, and a black spiral continuously revolved around his fist.
Although the energy emitted from the spiral was extremely powerful, it was so condensed that not a single trace of energy leaked out.
"Break!"
Chi Yi let out a loud roar and punched out.
The black spiral turned into a black fist shadow and smashed towards the high platform.
The moment the spiral came into contact with the platform, it immediately exploded.
"Rumble …"
It was accompanied by a violent roar.
The extremely condensed energy was released in an instant.
If it was in the outside world, the earth would have been shaken. Just the aftershock of this energy was enough to create a hurricane that could tear apart mountains.
However, in this place, other than the explosion, there was no other movement.
"My energy has been absorbed?" Chi Yi's expression changed slightly.
Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others' expressions didn't change at all. The power of a Primal Chaos Ancient God wasn't something that they could resist. Anything could happen here.
Hence, Ming Wei was very clear that they could only rely on Xiao Yun and Fu Chu.
"Let's go. We need to enter the center of these high platforms," Xiao Yun said.
After Chi Yi tried once, the other exiles didn't say anything else. Everyone entered from the bottom of the high platform.
In the depths of these high platforms …
Yan Hai's expression was gloomy. The black light was like the tongue of a poisonous snake that constantly flickered.
Half of the exiles standing beside him had already died at the hands of Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others.
It had to be said that these exiles from small clans were still too weak. Even with the warden's methods, they were still far from being able to resist Ming Wei and the others.
"Brother Yan Hai, what do we do now?" an exiled asked.
Apart from the Xuan Yuan Clan, the rest of the exiles from the small clans were in low spirits.
They wanted to rely on their own strength to hold the large clans back in this world. However, after truly facing them, they realized that their strength was nothing in front of the large clans. The gap between them was so big that it was impossible to make up for it …
"It's about time," Yan Lai said calmly.
When the other exiles heard this, they looked at each other. They didn't know what Yan Lai meant.
Yan Lai turned his head to look at the center of these high platforms. A black jade pendant appeared in his hand. He stretched out his hand and gently pinched it. With a "crack", the jade pendant shattered into pieces.
The moment the jade pendant shattered, thousands of miles away from where they were …
On a circular plate with a diameter of more than ten thousand feet, hundreds of people in black cloaks stood.
In the center of this circular plate was a stooped old man.
This old man was only left with a layer of skin. His face was like a skeleton. He was a member of the warden's clan and also the leader of the Conservative Faction.
"I didn't think that the two little bastards we left behind would still attract them …" the old man muttered.
His voice was like the buzz of a mosquito, but it was clearly transmitted to everyone's ears.
"Yan Lai's group is still too useless. They can't stop them at all," a purple youth beside the old man said with a frown.
The old man chuckled. "There was originally a gap in their strength. When Ming Wei and the others discovered the two little bastards, I knew that this day would come."
"Clan Leader, should we activate All Lives Equal now?" A clear female voice came from the black cloak.
The old man sighed deeply. His dim eyes flashed with a trace of light. After a long sigh, he finally made up his mind and nodded slightly.

Chapter 2224
As the guardians of this world, the Warden Clan wasn't very powerful.
Their duty was only to maintain the operation of this world. Most of the time, they didn't need to personally appear.
The space that Ruin opened up for them was enough to ensure their safety. They only needed to send their shadows to patrol this world. No matter how strong the exiles were, they couldn't do anything to them.
If it weren't for the conflict between the liberal faction and the conservative faction in the warden's family, neither the Nuwa Clan nor the Chi You Clan would have found this place …
As the disk slowly rotated, a light blue pattern appeared on the disk and gradually spread to the entire disk.
"I thought that as long as we persevered for three more years, the remnants of the Liberal Faction would be wiped out. I didn't expect things to end up like this. This is also the fate of our Warden Clan …" The old man sighed.
"The Liberal Faction went against Master's will. We firmly believe that they will fail," the female voice under the cloak said.
"The purpose of our Warden Clan's existence is to maintain the operation of this world. We can't fail …" Another voice said.
There were many conflicts in this world. There was no absolute right or wrong.
The Liberal Faction was only pursuing their own goals, while the Conservative Faction was protecting Ruin's orders. The exiles wanted to escape this world, while Luo Zheng wanted to return to the Divine Realm …
"Kacha!"
When the disk rotated to a certain degree, it suddenly let out a crisp sound.
At this moment, the light blue pattern completely filled the disk. If one looked down from above, they would see that the pattern formed the shape of a three-eyed monkey …
"Weng weng weng …"
As the light blue light continued to float, it floated out of the disk and turned into the shadow of a three-eyed monkey.
"Greetings, Master!"
All the members of the Warden Clan on the disk knelt on the ground.
The old man's expression was solemn and pious. Although the others were shrouded in black robes, they presumably had the same expression as the old man.
They knew that Ruin wasn't in this world. Their Master had left a long time ago, but their Master was still sacred in their hearts.
"Squeak …"
The phantom of the three-eyed monkey suddenly opened its big mouth and issued a mournful scream. This scream spread far and wide.
Along with the scream, countless light spots sprayed out from the mouth of the three-eyed monkey and began to spread in all directions.
When these light spots swept past the people on the disc, they struck into their bodies.
Even the old man standing at the center of the disc was unable to avoid it.
When the old man was hit by the blue light spot, his body suddenly trembled. Then, he stretched out his hand and clenched his fist. He smiled helplessly and said, "My strength has weakened a lot …"
The purple-haired young man also moved his body and said, "I feel a sense of powerlessness that I've never felt before. It's almost the same as those unarmed mortals …"
"I don't like this feeling," the female voice under the cloak said.
The old man smiled faintly. "Who would like that? If we were to face Ming Wei and the others head-on, I'm afraid we would lose without a doubt. Now, everyone is standing on the same starting line. Moreover, we have the weapons that Master has bestowed upon us. "
These light spots first began to spread from the disk, and then rippled outwards in circles.
It didn't take long for the dots of light to reach Yan Hai's location. The dots of light struck Yan Hai and the other exiles.
Yan Hai's body suddenly trembled, and his eyes revealed a trace of disbelief.
He felt that his soul, strength, and body were rapidly weakening. He couldn't even sense the Nirvana Realm at all, and his connection with the world in his body had been severed.
"This, this is …" Yan Hai's body was trembling.
The other exiles were the same as Yan Hai. Apart from trembling, a trace of fear appeared on their faces.
After all, at this moment, they had almost lost all of their strength.
The warden's family had once told Yan Hai that if Yan Hai led these exiles from the smaller clans and failed to ambush them, the warden's family would intervene. However, Yan Hai didn't expect the warden's family to use such a method.
"What kind of remarkable power is this? What's their motive for suppressing our strength to this extent? "An exiled from a smaller clan asked in confusion.
An exiled from the Xuanyuan Clan thought for a moment, and a trace of a smile appeared on his face. "Our strength has been suppressed. I think … Ming Wei and the others can't escape either."
Upon hearing this, Yan Hai and the other exiles' eyes lit up. They immediately understood the intentions of the warden's family.
The blue spots of light were still spreading. This energy seemed very gentle and harmless, but in reality, it was irresistible.
Below the high platform, Ming Wei was still walking in front, and the others followed closely behind.
At this moment, an ear-piercing roar suddenly sounded in everyone's ears.
"Look, what's that?"
Someone in the crowd was the first to discover the blue spots of light.
Ming Wei's gaze swept past the blue spots of light, and her eyebrows raised slightly. The tip of her foot lightly touched the ground, and her figure quickly retreated backward.
However, the speed at which these spots of light were spreading was extremely fast. In a situation where she couldn't use Space Diversion, even she couldn't avoid these spots of light.
The moment these spots of light entered her body, she let out a muffled groan. Her legs gave way, and she almost knelt on the ground.
The others were in a similar situation.
The moment they came into contact with these spots of light, they instantly felt their strength draining away. The extent of the decline was far beyond their imagination.
"What's going on?"
"I feel unprecedentedly weak!"
"…"
Elder Jin, Chi Yi, Fu Er, and the other exiles' expressions suddenly became very ugly.
"This, is what you mean by 'all living beings are equal'?"
Luo Zheng stood where he was, and after feeling the changes in his body, he asked 9527.
When the spots of light entered his body, he felt as if he had lost everything.
His once indestructible body had now become extremely weak, and was no different from a mortal.
Because 9527 had already mentioned 'all living beings are equal', he wasn't that surprised.
"Yes, after this Truth God Ability is activated, all living beings in this space will be reduced to the same level. Look at Ming Wei from before, her current strength is about the same as yours …" 9527 said.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled bitterly. "This isn't good news."

Chapter 2225
Ming Wei looked at her own hands with a serious expression that had never been seen before on her face.
"How could this be?" Ming Wei said in a daze.
Fu Chu, who was beside her, was puzzled. When the Liberals and Conservatives were fighting, he was still young and did not understand many things about the Warden Clan.
Old General Jin waved his hands and gathered them in his Dantian. He took a deep breath and was about to forcefully activate the energy in his Inner World.
However, his face was red and his Dantian was like a stone ox that fell into the sea. There was no reaction at all.
Many of the Exiles tried. Whether it was using the power of the soul or pure power, or even trying to sense the other side, there was no reaction …
In the end, everyone's attention was focused on Little Yun.
Little Yun looked in the direction of the scream and said calmly, "It's the Equality of All Life. They really activated it …"
"What do you mean?" Ming Wei asked with a solemn expression. "They can directly weaken our power?"
If the warden's family had such means, there was no need for them to be afraid of anyone. In their current state, they could only be slaughtered. If Yan Hai were to attack now, he could kill everyone in the blink of an eye!
This ability was so overbearing that it could not be reasoned with …
"Not only did it weaken our power," Little Yun said. "It's the same for them. In other words, the power of all living beings in this space is on the same level. This is the so-called Equality of All Life."
Ming Wei was stunned for a moment. Her beautiful face showed a bitter smile. "Is that so …"
Little Yun nodded.
These Exiles, the Aragami Elders of the various clans, and the elites of the Aragami were all on the same level. In other words, they were not much stronger than ordinary mortals.
"It's still a big problem," an Exiled from the Star Deer Clan said.
"Now that we've come to this, we have no way out. If it's like what Little Yun said, that all life is equal, they will not be stronger than us. However, we still need to be prepared," Ming Wei said.
She quickly accepted this fact. She gently patted the jade bracelet on her wrist. She could use the Sumeru Space.
The jade bracelet flashed, and a bright and colorful ring appeared in her hand.
Clang!
The moment the ring appeared, it fell from his hand and smashed heavily onto the ground.
Ming Wei frowned and tried to pick up the ring from the ground, but it didn't budge at all …
Her current strength was not much stronger than a mortal's, and this ring was a famous magic treasure in the Mother World, the "Sky Ring Palm". This Sky Ring Palm was a relatively light magic treasure, but its actual weight was probably comparable to a mountain range.
Lifting a mountain with the strength of a mortal was simply wishful thinking …
The other exiles also tried, but those high-grade magic treasures were not light. In the past, they could naturally use them with ease, but now they had become a pile of trash.
In the end, they could only use some more practical weapons.
Ming Wei took out a black ring blade with sharp edges. This ring blade was a weapon she had used in her early years. She had not used it for many years. Back then, her cultivation was still very low. She had only kept this black ring blade as a memento. Now, it could finally be put to good use.
Elder Jin took out a strangely shaped large blade. Fu Er took out a silver-gray long spear. These were all ordinary weapons.
If some exiles did not have suitable weapons, they could only borrow them from each other.
Luo Zheng searched the Sumeru Ring for a while, but did not find any suitable weapons.
In order to enter the Realm of the Gods, he could only leave the weapons he had obtained in the universe with the Demi-Immortal Clan. After all, after entering the Realm of the Gods, everything in the universe would be restored to True Yuan.
The weapons he had obtained in the Realm of the Gods were also very important to Luo Zheng.
On the other hand, Little Yun took out a pile of weapons as if she was performing a magic trick for everyone to choose from …
Little Yun was familiar with the Warden Clan and naturally knew that they would activate All Lives Equal. In the two years she had been in the Barbarian Water Bone Pagoda, she had begun to collect some "scrap metal". Some of the Nuwa Clan members were rather puzzled by Little Yun's actions.
Now they understood that Little Yun had already expected this.
Luo Zheng chose from the pile of weapons. In the end, he took out a longsword and a flying knife that was as thin as a cicada's wing.
However, just as everyone was preparing, a roar suddenly came from the darkness in the depths of the high platform.
"Woo …"
Before this, the exiles' Divine Sense could cover a very large area. Nothing within this area could escape their detection.
Now that their souls had been greatly weakened, they were like blind people.
After hearing the roar, everyone looked toward the source of the sound. However, because they had lost their cultivation, even their eyesight had been greatly reduced. They could not see clearly at all!
"Woo woo …"
A figure slowly walked out from the shadows. His steps were swaying and very uncoordinated.
When the figure slowly walked out of the shadows, everyone could see clearly.
"It's just a sneaky person," an exiled from the Fire Melt Clan said disdainfully.
In this world, sneaky people were all too common. This kind of weak person should be the lowest living being in this world. The Aragami who were slightly more powerful would not even bother to pay attention to these people who wandered around the Eternal Wasteland. Moreover, these people were the most powerful beings in this world.
"Just a sneaky person? Have you forgotten your current strength? "another exiled retorted.
Only then did the exiled from the Fire Melt Clan remember Little Yun's words. If all lives were equal, then wouldn't this sneaky person's strength be about the same as his? Thinking of this, everyone felt very uncomfortable.
"And … it's not just one sneaky person," Ming Wei said with a frown as she lightly bit her lips.
"Woo woo woo woo …"
From the cracks below the high platforms, a few unsteady sneaky people slowly walked out. There were actually quite a lot of sneaky people here!
Those walking corpses without intelligence would tear apart any target that approached!
"Sneaky people have no intelligence and no weapons. We still have an advantage. Everyone, don't be discouraged." Even though Ming Wei understood the meaning of all lives were equal and knew that her strength was not enough to stand alone, she still stood in front of them without hesitation.

Chapter 2226
As the shadowy person charged forward, he used both his hands and legs to crawl on the ground.
This speed was like a snail in the eyes of Ming Wei and the others. They did not even consider him a threat.
But now, it seemed that his speed was not slow at all!
"Roar!"
The shadowy person howled crazily and charged towards Ming Wei.
Ming Wei's legs were straight as she gripped the ring blade in her hand tightly. When she saw the shadowy person charging in front of her, she suddenly stomped her legs and rolled her body. The ring blade in her hand was then sheathed over the shadowy person's head!
The ring blade was also a ring, but it was sharpened both inside and outside. It was very sharp.
After sheathing the ring blade, Ming Wei suddenly pulled. The shadowy person's neck was broken, and his head rolled onto the ground.
Her actions were clean and efficient. When the other exiles and Aragami saw this scene, they could not help but applaud.
Ming Wei was still Ming Wei. Even though her strength had been greatly reduced and she had become an ordinary person like the others, her previous experience and training were still present. Her strength was still not to be underestimated.
However, when she chopped off the shadowy person's head, a large amount of blood spurted out from the shadowy person's neck. It was hard for her to avoid it. The blood added a hint of killing intent to her white clothes.
Originally, when the others saw the shadowy people, they were in despair. When they heard Ming Wei's words and saw how easily she killed the shadowy person, the exiles immediately regained their confidence.
Even if their cultivation base was weakened, their strength was weakened, and even their soul energy was weakened, they still had a lot of experience. They had also learned a few powerful martial arts!
"Just shadowy people with no intelligence. What are they?! Everyone, charge! "
Elder Jin let out a muffled roar as he charged forward with his large blade.
"Flame Dragon Blade Technique!"
The large blade in Elder Jin's hand suddenly spun. The large blade was like a dragon piercing through the sun. It sliced open the chest of a shadowy person. After that, Elder Jin suddenly pulled out the large blade and twisted it with both hands. As the large blade spun, "puff puff puff", the heads of three shadowy people flew out …
The Flame Dragon Blade Technique was wide open and was extraordinarily exquisite.
"This blade technique is also inherited from the mother world, right?" Luo Zheng was also very envious when he saw this saber technique. He had not expected that these exiles not only had powerful cultivation, but also the most basic martial arts techniques were so exquisite …
In addition to Elder Jin, Fu Er's spear technique was also quite powerful. His spear was like a dragon swimming in water. Within three zhang, no one could get close to him.
The Yin people in the darkness surged out like a tide, their numbers increasing.
The exiles present all displayed their amazing martial skills. They were like a row of indestructible dams, firmly blocking the sneaky people in front of them.
But soon, Luo Zheng heard a blood-curdling scream behind him.
It turned out that other than the ones in front, there were even more sneaky people quietly charging from behind!
Everyone's attention was focused on the front. By the time they reacted, a large group of shady people had already surrounded the people behind them.
One of the Aragami from the Nuwa Clan did not manage to dodge in time and was pushed to the ground by three to four sneaky people.
"Linghe!"
When Ming Wei turned her head and saw this scene, she became even more anxious.
Linghe was an elite disciple of the Nuwa Clan. In the past few years, she had displayed amazing strength and was also a junior that Ming Wei thought highly of.
Seeing her own disciple being pushed to the ground by the sneaky people, Ming Wei was anxious. However, she was facing a large number of sneaky people. How could she spare the time to help?
At this moment, a thin stream of light shot out.
Poof!
With a muffled sound, it had already pierced into the forehead of the sneaky person on top of Linghe.
At the same time, a figure followed closely behind. A few sharp sword rays shot out from the figure's hand, and the sneaky people's chests and necks had a bloody hole. They slowly fell to the side.
"Get up." Luo Zheng extended his hand to Linghe who was on the ground.
The sneaky people pounced on Linghe and bit her. Linghe's body was also full of wounds. However, they were not fatal. It was just that she was in a mess.
After being rescued by Luo Zheng, Linghe was still in shock.
"Luo Zheng?"
Ming Wei saw this from afar. She was quite surprised.
Although the Aragami of this world practiced martial arts, most of them were still preparing for a huge body. The standard of those Aragami was still a little rough …
Ming Wei knew that Luo Zheng did not come from this world. However, she did not expect his swordsmanship to be so exquisite.
After Luo Zheng rescued Linghe, he pulled out the flying dagger that was as thin as a cicada's wing. With a light flick of his arm, he once again rushed towards the sneaky people …
"Most of these sneaky people are crawling. Although they are fast, their necks are exposed …"
With that in mind, Luo Zheng's long sword spun and swept towards the necks of these sneaky people!
Although the 'scrap metal' that Little Yun had prepared were ordinary items, this sword was still very sharp. It was easy to use.
Poof poof poof poof poof …
The tip of the sword left streaks of blood on the back of these sneaky people's necks.
These ferocious sneaky people could not crawl for more than a few steps. Their heads drooped and they were paralyzed on the ground. They could only let out a dry cry. However, their bodies were already paralyzed. They could only wait for their blood to run out.
The efficiency of Luo Zheng's method was shockingly high.
Although there were many sneaky people coming from the back, Luo Zheng had rushed into the middle of these sneaky people. With a swing of his sword, seventy to eighty sneaky people were paralyzed in the hands of Luo Zheng. He alone had blocked almost half of the sneaky people coming from the back!
Some of the exiles had also noticed the brilliance of Luo Zheng. Previously, they had used all kinds of methods to kill the sneaky people. They would either pierce their hearts or smash their heads. Naturally, their efficiency was not high.
Now that they saw that Luo Zheng was only cutting off the back of their necks, their efficiency was shocking. They immediately understood and began to imitate him.
In less than half an hour, this group of exiles had slaughtered three to four thousand sneaky people!
"Woo woo woo woo woo woo …"
However, the number of sneaky people did not seem to be decreasing. Instead, it was increasing!
"Help!"
At this moment, an Aragami elder from the Star Deer Tribe suddenly shouted for help.
This elder was directly dragged into a large group of sneaky people. In the blink of an eye, he was dragged away by those sneaky people and disappeared without a trace. Only the two words' help 'could be heard intermittently in the chaotic howls. Finally, the voice disappeared as well.
"Ah ah …"
At the same time that the elder from the Star Deer Tribe was being dragged away, another Aragami was being dragged away from another side.
The casualties that began to appear one after another made everyone's hearts heavy.
Kacha!
Ming Wei slashed the ring blade down heavily and directly broke the neck of a sneaky person.
As the blood splattered, her extremely charming face revealed a strong killing intent. "This can't go on. We can't stay here forever!"

Chapter 2227
After entering this world, Ming Wei and the others became the main force.
She had never set her eyes on Luo Zheng. After all, the gap between their cultivation bases was too big, and it was impossible to make up for it. Therefore, Luo Zheng, the other elders, and the Aragami were the targets of her protection.
In the beginning, Ming Wei even planned to only let the exiles, Fu Chu, and Xiao Yun enter this world. After all, the others were burdens in the eyes of the exiles!
However, after 'All Lives Equal', Luo Zheng's strength was no weaker than those exiles. He was even stronger than Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others.
Now that they were in urgent need of someone to clear the way, Ming Wei naturally called for Luo Zheng.
"Alright!"
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. His body flashed, and he moved from behind.
Facing an endless stream of sneaky people, it was only a matter of time before they died of exhaustion. Now, they could only gather their strength and fight their way out!
After that, Ming Wei assigned two more exiles from the big clans to cover the rear, and the group began to move forward!
"Skylight Spear!"
Fu Er was now at the forefront. His silver-gray spear was like a shuttle, and he stabbed more than ten times in an instant.
"Wuwuwu …"
More than ten sneaky people screamed and fell to the ground.
Then, the two exiles from the Nuwa Clan charged up as well. One of them wielded a dozen short swords, while the other wielded a strangely shaped guillotine. After a round of attacks, the two of them killed another dozens of Yin people.
Then, it was Elder Jin, Chi Yi, and the others …
These exiles took turns to attack, and a bloody path was created in front of them.
The people behind them stepped on the corpses of the sneaky people!
Luo Zheng did not hesitate at all.
Although he could not use the energy from the world in his body, his swordsmanship had been refined to the extreme in the universe.
Now, as his body floated, the longsword in his hand attacked the back of the sneaky people's necks in the simplest way.
After fighting for a while, he and Ming Wei rushed to the front.
"Wuwuwuwu …"
Ming Wei, who was at the front, was facing the sneaky people who were surrounding her. Her eyes flashed, and she lightly tapped the ground with the tip of her foot and shouted.
Swoosh!
With a sudden pull of the ring blade, the necks of the sneaky people in front of her were all cut off.
But this time, she had overlooked a sinister person beside her. That sinister person quietly approached her, opened his mouth, and bit towards Ming Wei's snow-white neck!
Under the influence of All Lives Equal, even Ming Wei would be badly mutilated if she was bitten!
Her expression changed. She knew that she couldn't avoid it. She could only take the bite.
Bang!
However, when his mouth was still two inches away from her neck, the flying dagger that was as thin as a cicada's wing once again sank into his forehead …
Seeing the person slowly fall, Ming Wei's face revealed a faint smile. She had never thought that she would actually be saved by a True God Stage junior.
Then, she used the ring blade in her hand to gently hook out the throwing knife and threw it back to Luo Zheng.
The two of them remained silent as they continued to carve out a bloody path in front of them.
Although the number of sneaky people didn't decrease, because these sneaky people didn't have any intelligence, they just charged forward mindlessly.
Meanwhile, the exiles and the Aragami, after experiencing the initial panic, had quickly calmed down!
They were also getting more and more familiar with the means to fight against these sneaky people. In the beginning, they were injured, and six of them had fallen. Later on, although some of them were injured, none of them had fallen.
Just like that, they continued to fight and move forward for dozens of miles.
The number of sneaky people gradually decreased. From the initial swarm, they were scattered at the end. Finally, there were no more sneaky people.
Meanwhile, at this time, everyone stopped moving forward …
It was not that they didn't want to seize this opportunity to continue their journey. It was just that the 'All Lives Equal' had weakened them in all aspects. Even their physical strength had been greatly weakened. Along the way, it could be said that most of them had exhausted their physical strength to the limit.
When many of them saw that the sneaky people were gone, they immediately relaxed and fell to the ground. They didn't even want to move their fingers anymore.
Even those exiles who were good at using their skills and preserving their physical strength were panting heavily.
Even Jin Lao, Ming Wei, and the others were no exception.
Ming Wei's body was covered with a layer of blood from the sneaky people. She looked like a bloody person. She lifted up a corner of her long dress and twisted it hard. With a 'splash', blood gushed out from her dress …
When she was wringing the blood away, Ming Wei's gaze quietly fell on Luo Zheng who was opposite her. She looked a little surprised.
After 'All Lives Equal', everyone's physical strength should be the same. Many of the exiles were exhausted. However, Luo Zheng was still calm and composed.
"You … Aren't you tired?" Ming Wei asked curiously.
"I'm fine." Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
The number of sneaky people that he had killed was not less than Ming Wei. It was very likely that he had killed the most of them.
However, Luo Zheng's swordsmanship was very special. The swordsmanship that he had practiced before was the most concise. He used the simplest movements to achieve the best effect. Every time he attacked with his sword, the consumption of his physical strength was almost negligible. Naturally, his complexion was much better than the others!
"Let's take a rest." Ming Wei said calmly, "We definitely can't continue our journey now."
These powerful exiles had to rest like ordinary mortals. Otherwise, they would not be able to recover their physical strength at all …
In the eyes of many, this was a very ridiculous thing. After all, the physical strength that they consumed was not even a billionth of their physical strength before. However, this' All Lives Equal 'was unreasonable. They had to understand that they were not much stronger than ordinary mortals now.
"Alright, I'll keep watch." Luo Zheng nodded.
Ming Wei nodded slightly and found a corner. She leaned against the pillar below the high platform and sat down with her legs crossed. She closed her eyes helplessly. She could not even remember how many thousands of years it had been since she closed her eyes to sleep.
Perhaps she was too tired. In just two or three breaths, she had already fallen into a deep sleep.
As for the other exiles and the Aragami, they were already snoring loudly.
Luo Zheng stabbed his long sword into the ground and glanced at these exiles. A smile appeared on his face. To be able to exhaust the energy of these exiles, it was indeed a very strange thing …
Now that everyone had fallen into a deep sleep, Luo Zheng sat cross-legged and quietly began to activate his Bloodline Divine Ability.
During the chaotic battle just now, 9527 had urged him many times to activate his Bloodline Divine Ability and use the [Falling Star Palm] to defend against the enemies …
All Lives Equal was also a Truth Divine Ability.
Under the Truth Divine Ability, all means could not be resisted.
Therefore, whether it was the soul, the body, the Life Yuan in the inner world, or the power of the Aragami, they were all 'equal'.
Even their vision and physical strength were all equal.

Chapter 2228
In the entire Chaos, the power of a higher level would suppress the power of a lower level.
And these Chaos Primeval Gods had the highest level of power.
Just like 'All Lives Equal', it could suppress everything.
No matter how strong these Exiles were, they were not much stronger than mortals now. Even the power they gained from the Paramita could not compete with 'All Lives Equal'.
But Luo Zheng's bloodline ability was also a Truth Ability, so it could naturally avoid the suppression of 'All Lives Equal'.
After 'All Lives Equal', Luo Zheng finally understood what 9527 meant.
Although the power contained in his bloodline ability was weak, the level of this power was extremely high …
"Hum …"
A very soft sound came from Luo Zheng's body.
Then there was a little green light, which gently pulsated from Luo Zheng's palm. The green light pulsated slowly and quickly turned into a small green cube.
Now Luo Zheng did not know what kind of power the bloodline ability contained in this bloodline ability was. But under the guidance of 9527, Luo Zheng could use the 'Falling Star Hand'.
He turned his palm slightly, and the small green cube slowly spread and merged into his palm. His entire palm suddenly turned green. At the same time, he looked into the distance and pinched his fingers slightly …
Before the 'Falling Star Hand' could be used, the green light in his hand had already dissipated.
Luo Zheng did not want to cause too much of a commotion.
Since the warden family had activated 'All Lives Equal', they must have corresponding methods. Before the warden family used those methods, Luo Zheng would not easily expose his methods.
"Snore, snore …"
"Snore, snore, snore …"
The Exiles and the Aragami were still sleeping. Some of them were even snoring.
These people probably had not slept so well for a long time.
Four to five hours later …
Ming Wei was the first to wake up. When she woke up, she habitually became alert and almost reflexively turned over and got up.
She never thought that she would sleep so soundly. This was simply unimaginable in the past.
When Ming Wei saw Luo Zheng who was still standing guard, she was relieved and asked at the same time, "How long has it been?"
"Almost ten hours," Luo Zheng answered.
"I'm sorry, I didn't expect to not wake up from my sleep," Ming Wei said as she glanced at the exiles who were sleeping in a disorderly manner. She smiled helplessly. "It seems that everyone is like that."
Although everyone was treated as equals, in reality, there were still some slight differences.
Ming Wei's energy recovery speed was much faster than the others, so she was the first to wake up.
"Aren't you going to rest?" Ming Wei glanced at Luo Zheng.
"I'm not sleepy." Luo Zheng shook his head.
At first, Luo Zheng didn't feel so tired because he had consumed less energy than the others. However, after he circulated his bloodline ability, he felt even more energetic.
Now that he thought about it carefully, the reason he could maintain such a state was probably because he had transplanted the bloodline of a Primal Chaos Ancient God.
Ming Wei looked at Luo Zheng in surprise.
Ever since Old Jin brought Luo Zheng to the door, Ming Wei was very curious about Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng was still a True God-level junior after all. Although his talent surprised her, his strength was still not enough to catch her attention.
She led everyone into this world. Along the way, she did not notice this young man because he did not even have the chance to make a move.
She did not expect that after 'All Lives Are Equal', the strength that this kid showed would surprise her.
Although the exiles were treated as equals, they were still more powerful than the Aragami with their strong foundation. However, Luo Zheng was only a True God-level cultivator …
Under such curiosity, she was also curious about Luo Zheng.
She took two steps forward, folded her dress that was stained with blood and sat beside Luo Zheng. Then she asked, "You seem to want to leave this world too?"
Other than the exiles, many of the Aragami were not willing to leave this place. After all, this was the homeland of the Aragami. If they were to leave the vast amount of desolate bones in this place, even their cultivation would become extremely difficult!
Luo Zheng sat where he was, looking at the layers of huge platforms in the distance. He smiled faintly. "Of course."
He had left the Divine Dominion for a few years. He knew nothing about the situation in the Divine Dominion.
However, judging from the situation when he left, how could Luo Zheng not be worried?
Would his mother fall into the hands of Dongfang Chunjun? Or even fall together with the Sages?
What about Luo Yan, Xun, Ning Yudie and the others in the Divine Dominion Mansion? These were all things that Luo Zheng missed.
It was better if Ming Wei did not ask. As soon as she asked, it immediately evoked the worry and longing in his heart. There was a hint of sadness in his eyes.
"It seems that there's someone very important to you on that ship?" Ming Wei asked.
Ming Wei's initial plan was to gather the power of all the exiles of the Nuwa Clan to pull that ship down by force …
"Of course." Luo Zheng nodded. "All my family members are there, and so are my enemies."
Ming Wei had some understanding of the origin of the Divine Dominion. Of course, she also knew about the grudge between Chi You and the Dihong Clan. However, after being imprisoned in this prison, she did not know about the subsequent movements of the Mother World.
However, now Ming Wei naturally knew that the powerful Jiuli Clan had declined. It even forced Chi You to build that ship and escape from the Mother World.
"The enemies should be from the Dihong Clan, right? Or the Xuan Yuan Wei? "Ming Wei asked again.
In this world, the Xuan Yuan Clan, the Nuwa Clan, and so on were just simple names. These big clans were not called that in the Mother World.
"Yes, and no … However, all of this is because of the Xuan Yuan Wei," Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng had never seen the Xuan Yuan Wei, but the Divine Dominion had fallen to its current state because of the Xuan Yuan Wei. Dongfang Chunjun could be considered to have been supported by the Xuan Yuan Wei …
If he returned to the Divine Dominion, he would have to face them sooner or later.
"If we can leave this world, I'll help you kill them all." Ming Wei smiled faintly.
Although she did not know the strength of the Xuan Yuan Wei, Ming Wei was still very confident.
"You're willing to interfere?" Luo Zheng's expression showed a trace of surprise.
Luo Zheng had never been to the Mother World, but he knew that the competition between these big clans was filled with all kinds of benefits.
If he could really leave this world, he naturally hoped that Elder Jin, Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the other Chi You experts would return to the Divine Dominion with him. He did not expect Ming Wei to take the initiative to ask for help.
"Why not?" Ming Wei smiled faintly at Luo Zheng. There seemed to be flames dancing in her eyes. "As long as we can leave this world …"

Chapter 2229
Before this, Ming Wei was confident that she could crush them with her own strength.
In her eyes, the wardens were like insects hiding in the dark. She could not find them.
Now that she had found them, they would definitely die.
However, she did not expect that the wardens would activate 'All Lives Equal' so quickly. After her strength was greatly reduced, she no longer had any confidence in the success or failure of this mission.
So, Ming Wei showed a hint of worry.
"Don't worry." Luo Zheng slowly stood up. "Luck has always been on my side. I believe that it will be the same this time."
Ming Wei was slightly stunned when she heard that. She did not know where Luo Zheng got his confidence from. However, her face was soon replaced by a faint smile. This young junior is really interesting.
At that moment, the other exiles and the Aragami had also awakened one after another.
After resting for a while, they continued to move forward …
Deep in the high platform, Yan Hai and the others were quietly walking on another path.
After 'All Lives Equal' was activated, the strength of Yan Hai and the others had also rapidly decreased. Therefore, many of them were not used to it.
Fortunately, the wardens had already made arrangements for them. They only needed to follow Yan Hai's instructions.
"They are now as weak as us. Even the arrogant Ming Wei is the same." Yan Hai whispered. "Meanwhile, we have the help of these sneaky people. I believe that you know what to do next …"
In the hands of these exiles, there was a jet-black crossbow.
This was a crossbow used by mortals. The bowstring was already fixed, and the black arrow was already placed on the string. The arrowhead was flashing with a faint black light!
In the eyes of the exiles, these crossbows were weapons that posed no threat. In the past, even if they were shot by a thousand or ten thousand arrows, the exiles and even the Aragami would not be harmed at all.
However, now, these crossbows had a fatal lethality.
"Understood." One of the exiles showed a sinister smile on his face.
For some of them, leaving this world was not that important anymore. If they could kill Ming Wei and the others, they would be satisfied.
Yan Hai opened a cloth bag and took out pieces of black medicinal biscuits. These medicinal biscuits were emitting a pungent smell.
"Those sneaky people do not differentiate between friend and foe. As long as they see living things, they will pounce. Eat these medicinal biscuits and your body will emit this smell. Then, the sneaky people will not touch you." Yan Hai said as he distributed the medicinal biscuits.
These methods were extremely unorthodox in the eyes of the exiles. However, they were extremely important after 'All Lives Equal' was activated!
The exiles did not say anything and after receiving the biscuits from Yan Hai, they swallowed them.
The taste of this medicinal cake was obviously very bad. Everyone frowned as they swallowed it.
After making the necessary preparations, Yan Hai said, "They are almost here. Di Jin, you lead the three of them to the Ding Chou position. Du Man, you go to the Xin Wu position …"
All the high platforms in this world were the Heavenly stems and earthly branches.
Between these high platforms, there was a large number of prisoners. Once Ming Wei and the others entered, they would release the prisoners.
After receiving the order, Di Jin and the others led a few people and quickly sneaked into the shadows …
Between the two high platforms at Ding and Chou were iron fences as thick as an arm. Thousands of sneaky people were trapped inside.
These sneaky people were like statues. They stood motionless on the spot without any signs of life. Even though Di Jin and the other exiles were experienced and knowledgeable, they still felt that this scene was rather strange …
"Big Brother Di Jin, what do you think is going on with these sneaky people?" One of the exiles could not help but mumble.
They had seen many sneaky people, but the origin and purpose of these sneaky people had always been an unsolved mystery.
Now that they saw these seemingly living things without any signs of life, these exiles also felt that it was strange.
Di Jin glanced at the immobilized sneaky people and shook his head …
Even though they had crossed over to the other side, it was still difficult for them to understand the various actions of the Chaos Ancient Gods. The things behind these things were simply not something they could understand.
"Let's not care so much. Everyone, don't talk now and get ready." Di Jin said in a low voice, "Victory or defeat depends on this. If we succeed, we will still have a chance to leave this world …"
They hid at the side and did not make a sound.
After waiting here for more than an hour, a series of scattered footsteps came from afar.
Di Jin and the others looked towards the source of the sound and saw some figures walking over together.
"They're here." Di Jin said in a low voice.
At this moment, the fences below the high platform suddenly made a crisp "patter" sound.
The mechanisms in the fences started to move. The huge fences instantly shrank towards the ground. At the same time, all the statue-like sneaky people turned from statues into living creatures in an instant. They made "wuwu" sounds and pounced towards Di Jin and the rest.
When one of the exiles saw this scene, his expression tensed up. He raised the bow in his hand and was about to shoot these sneaky people. Seeing this, Di Jin put one hand on the bow and stopped that exiled. "Don't!"
After those sneaky people pounced over, they probably smelled the medicine on Di Jin and the rest and were unwilling to take even half a step forward. They only roared at them and immediately changed direction and rushed in another direction.
Seeing this scene, Di Jin and the rest heaved a sigh of relief. The medicine cakes that Yan Hai had given them were very effective.
On the other side …
"They're here again!"
When Luo Zheng, Ming Wei, and the rest saw the sneaky people rushing over, they didn't seem to panic.
Everyone raised the weapons in their hands and soon converged with this group of sneaky people …
After resting for several hours, everyone was full of energy. The situation was one-sided. These sneaky people were almost unable to get close and were quickly killed by the exiles!
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
Ming Wei was like a dexterous elf, nimbly strolling among the sneaky people. The ring blade in her hand didn't seem to be a weapon, but a prop used for dancing. She could inadvertently reap the lives of sneaky people.
Not far from her, Luo Zheng's efficiency in killing sneaky people was no less than hers. These two people took the lead and took almost half of the pressure, reaping the majority of the sneaky people's lives.
But just as they were killing to their heart's content, a few crossbows were quietly raised in the shadows behind the high platform.
Di Jin, who was hiding in the darkness, aimed at Ming Wei at the front. As for the other three people, they each locked on to their own targets.
As soon as Di Jin gave the order, everyone pulled the trigger.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"

Chapter 2230
Out of the four arrows that were shot out from the darkness, three of them were headed straight for Ming Wei, and one of them was headed straight for Luo Zheng.
In fact, these exiles knew that the most important person for these large clans was not Ming Wei, but Fu Chu.
However, Fu Chu was surrounded by a few Aragami. In this chaotic situation, the Aragami used their bodies as a wall and surrounded Fu Chu tightly. There was almost no opening.
Therefore, when they attacked, they set their target as Ming Wei.
These exiles from small clans might not have any deep grudges against Ming Wei, but now that they had the chance, they naturally wanted to assassinate the strongest person in this world with their own hands.
On the other hand, Di Jin's target was Luo Zheng, who was beside Ming Wei!
Not long ago, when the Chiyou Clan and the Xuanyuan Clan were fighting over the Heavenly South Bone Pagoda, Luo Zheng suddenly appeared and caused Di Jin's disciple to suffer a great loss. After that, he returned to the Immortal Lake in the Evil Mountain Bone Pagoda, and it could be said that he was unable to recover from the setback.
Di Jin hated Luo Zheng to the bottom of his heart.
After 'All Lives Are Equal' and seeing how powerful Luo Zheng was, he was even more afraid. Naturally, he would not let go of this opportunity to kill him!
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng flicked his longsword and stabbed it into the neck of a Shadow Person. After that, he stepped on the Shadow Person's back and leaped high into the air.
At this moment, he glanced from the corner of his eyes and saw a few streaks of black light coming from afar at high speed!
"Be careful! There are hidden arrows! "
Almost like a conditioned reflex, Luo Zheng forcefully twisted his body in the air and swung his longsword. With a crisp 'ding' sound, the arrow that was shot at Luo Zheng was deflected.
On the other side, when Luo Zheng warned her, Ming Wei also noticed the three arrows that were shot at her.
After 'All Lives Are Equal', her perception had been greatly reduced. When she noticed the three arrows, they were only seven to eight feet away from her …
Her face darkened. She knew that she could not avoid them, so she reached out and grabbed the Shadow Person closest to her. With a sudden tug, she used the Shadow Person as a shield in front of her!
"Pfff! Pfff!"
Following three muffled sounds, two of the arrows nailed into the shady person's body, while the other arrow pierced through Ming Wei's collarbone.
Ming Wei let out a muffled groan as she endured the intense pain coming from her collarbone. She used the ring blade in her hand to slit the sneaky man's throat and quickly retreated.
"Damn it! What a fast reaction!" Di Jin's face darkened. He took out another black arrow and quickly nocked the bowstring.
The first round of assassination was very important. After all, the enemy did not know about it and was not on guard. That was why Yan Ming assigned Di Jin, a general of the clan, to lead the team.
He didn't expect that the four of them wouldn't be able to do anything and only managed to injure Ming Wei lightly.
"Someone shot a hidden arrow!"
"Front left!"
"Retreat! Retreat!"
Although this round of arrows didn't take anyone's life, everyone still panicked when they saw that Ming Wei was injured.
Originally, it was already very difficult for them to deal with these sneaky people. If they were to be on guard against these hidden arrows, it would be like roasting them on a fire. Naturally, the pressure would multiply, and the group began to retreat.
"Everyone, don't panic!" Seeing this, Luo Zheng roared, "I'll go deal with those guys!"
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng leaped up once more, and he actually charged forward alone!
Facing the dense crowd of sneaky people in front of him, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly became very strange. His feet moved left and right, twisting into a strange path. It was actually the sword step that Luo Zheng hadn't used for a long time.
This sword step was just a kind of body movement. It didn't need to be driven by True Essence. Naturally, it wasn't restricted by All Living Beings Are Equal and could be used at will. This step of his was three feet and three inches long. It was as long as a sword, but it was complicated and ever-changing.
Those unintelligent sneaky people only pounced on Luo Zheng, but they were always two or three inches away. He passed by hundreds of sneaky people in a row. These sneaky people didn't even touch Luo Zheng's sleeves.
"Shoot again!"
In the dark, Di Jin saw Luo Zheng quickly approaching them. His face turned gloomy.
The four of them had already loaded their crossbows. Following Di Jin's order, the four of them didn't hesitate anymore. They aimed at Luo Zheng and shot the second round of arrows!
"Whoosh! Whoosh!
Whoosh! Whoosh! "Four black lights whizzed out. This time, they were all aimed at Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng was mixed in with this group of sneaky people. Plus, he was moving at a high speed. How could they hit him?
"Puff! Puff! Puff!"
Along with a series of screams, the four sharp arrows nailed into the bodies of those sneaky people.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had already rushed out sixty to seventy feet. He was only a hundred feet away from the hiding place of Di Jin and the others.
"So fast!"
"This kid's body movement, haha, it's really mysterious!"
"How could he study ordinary martial arts to such an extent? Could it be that he knew about the 'All Living Beings Are Equal', so he was already prepared?"
The Aragami and the exiles were originally very confused. When they saw that Ming Wei was injured, they were afraid that no one could deal with those sneaky people who were shooting arrows. They could only retreat quickly.
They didn't expect that Luo Zheng would suddenly display such an agile figure. He was shuttling freely in the group of sneaky people. Those people who were shooting arrows actually couldn't do anything to Luo Zheng.
These exiles were all proficient in martial arts.
However, even in the Mother World, ordinary martial arts were just the product of practicing the 'Great World Cultivation Method'. Only a small number of people could be so proficient in martial arts. For example, Ming Wei, Elder Jin, Fu Er and the others were the best among them.
However, they didn't know that there was no such thing as a 'True God' in the universe. Everyone entered the Dao through martial arts. Practicing martial arts was the foundation of their cultivation!
Meanwhile, Xiao could have forcibly raised Luo Zheng's cultivation base. However, Luo Xiao did not do that. Instead, he created one opportunity after another for Luo Zheng to hone himself to the limit in his inner world. That was how Luo Zheng became who he was today.
It was hard to say whether Luo Xiao had foreseen this scene. However, at this moment, the martial arts that Luo Zheng was practicing had indeed played a very important role!
Therefore, when the Aragami and the exiles saw Luo Zheng's performance, their expressions were quite interesting. Under the encouragement, their morale was also greatly boosted …
"Everyone, stabilize the formation. Don't panic." Ming Wei endured the pain and pulled out the sharp arrow from her collarbone. She looked at the figure of Luo Zheng who was shuttling back and forth among the sneaky people. Her eyes revealed a strange color.
This team had always been led by Ming Wei. Even someone as strong as Elder Jin would only listen to her orders.
However, this kid had unknowingly become the leader. It was really out of Ming Wei's expectation.
"Shoot again!"
Di Jin clenched his teeth and suddenly waved his hand.
According to the original plan, as long as those sneaky people entangled Ming Wei and the others, they would then shoot arrows at them. It could be said that they were in an invincible position …
Who would have thought that this unremarkable junior would actually go against the current by himself!
"Puff puff puff puff!"
Four arrows were shot at the same time. However, they still couldn't hurt Luo Zheng …

Chapter 2231
Just as Di Jin pulled out his saber, Luo Zheng had already passed by those shady people, holding his long sword, and rushed into the shadows.
When Luo Zheng rushed in, he attracted a large group of shady people. These shady people were afraid of the smell of medicine emitted by Di Jin and the others, so they were unwilling to follow in.
Just as Luo Zheng rushed into the shadows, a saber light slashed at him!
Luo Zheng's mind moved, and his long sword was already in front of him.
Clang!
The saber and sword clashed, and Luo Zheng hurriedly retreated a few steps.
After his eyes adjusted to the darkness, he could see the person in front of him clearly.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly, and a faint smile appeared on his face. "Di Jin? I didn't expect to fight again. "
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng had fought with this person before.
When the Xuanyuan Clan and the Chiyou Clan were fighting, this exiled person controlled the Xianze to fight with him. Later, he was forced out of the void by 9527's shocking arrow, and was in a very difficult situation at that time.
At that time, the gap between Luo Zheng and Di Jin was so big that it was impossible to make up for it. After all, Di Jin was already a strong person who had crossed the Nirvana Realm.
Di Jin looked at Luo Zheng indifferently.
Not long ago, he could still kill this little guy with a raise of his hand. Now, after "All Lives Equal", he actually became a strong opponent. Di Jin naturally felt very uncomfortable.
He stared at Luo Zheng for a while, and then smiled ferociously. "A mere True God Realm person dares to talk about fighting with me?"
As his voice fell, the saber in his hand flipped, and he slashed at Luo Zheng's head!
Clang! Clang! Clang!
After three crisp sounds, Luo Zheng had already retreated three steps.
Di Jin's saber technique was very powerful. In the mother world, Di Jin also climbed up step by step from an ordinary disciple. Along the way, he went through countless killings, and almost all of them were exchanging lives for lives!
After becoming a strong person in the Nirvana Realm, Di Jin lived a peaceful life for many years. After being imprisoned in this world, he rarely fought.
Now that he was in such a situation, his ferocious nature was aroused. He slashed out with his saber without the slightest intention of defending, only attacking fiercely.
Di Jin's body had a lot of weak points, but Luo Zheng was busy defending against Di Jin's saber, so he had no time to attack these weak points.
Because once he attacked Di Jin, it was very likely that he would be split in half by Di Jin!
"This saber art …"
Luo Zheng was also secretly shocked. He could only choose to temporarily avoid the sharp edge.
Di Jin, on the other hand, was even more insatiable. He pressed hard and did not intend to give Luo Zheng the slightest chance to relax!
"Dang dang dang dang dang dang …"
Di Jin's Saber Momentum was becoming more and more ferocious, and the strength he used was also becoming greater and greater.
Luo Zheng's steps were steady. His long sword was like a door, blocking all of Di Jin's attacks.
His purpose of rushing in was to stop these people from releasing their hidden arrows. As long as Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the rest led the people to block the attack, there would definitely be reinforcements from the other exiles!
As long as Luo Zheng was standing here, his purpose would be achieved.
But Luo Zheng did not expect Di Jin to be so hot-tempered. When he attacked, he was ready to risk his life!
"Die … for me!"
Di Jin gritted his teeth. After pushing away Luo Zheng's long sword again, he took a big stride forward and got close to Luo Zheng.
His action was very dangerous. Luo Zheng's long sword only needed to swing back and half of Di Jin's body would be cut in half. But once Luo Zheng chose to do so, his body would probably be smashed into pieces.
After all, Luo Zheng's body was not as strong as iron now …
Seeing Di Jin's saber coming straight for him, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. He suddenly changed his direction and twisted his body. His whole body was almost touching the edge of the saber to avoid it. With a "swish" sound, even his clothes were cut open by the saber!
While avoiding the saber, Luo Zheng raised his arm slightly and his elbow was facing Di Jin's face.
Di Jin's momentum was originally very fierce. Now, he was using his face to hit Luo Zheng's elbow head-on.
With a "crack" sound, Di Jin's nose was broken. His nose and mouth were badly mutilated. His whole body was in so much pain that he bent over …
Luo Zheng's expression was cold. After seizing this opportunity, he swung his long sword slightly and was about to stab Di Jin's back.
But at this time, the other three exiles also attacked Luo Zheng.
These three exiles could hardly keep up with the pace of Di Jin and Luo Zheng. But now that Di Jin stopped, they naturally found a chance to intervene!
"Ding, ding, ding!"
Luo Zheng's long sword suddenly became crooked. The seemingly casual sweep of the long sword turned out to be extremely precise, down to the millimeter!
The swords, axes, and daggers that were attacking him had been swept away.
The three exiles' expressions changed greatly. They did not expect Luo Zheng's swordsmanship to be so amazing. They were already a little scared.
However, Di Jin was their backbone, and they had no choice but to save him.
The three exiles had just been forced to retreat, but they braced themselves to attack again. This time, Luo Zheng's eyes were cold. If he wanted to kill Di Jin, he was afraid that he had to kill these three exiles first!
Thinking of this, the long sword in his hand suddenly sped up. Facing the exiled exiled with an axe in the front, Luo Zheng gently raised his long sword and chopped along the handle of the axe.
Seeing that his hands were about to be cut off by the long sword, the exiled exiled was so scared that he hurriedly threw away his axe. Luo Zheng took advantage of this opportunity and the tip of his sword went straight to the exiled exiled's face.
Seeing this scene, the other two exiles tried their best to save him and block Luo Zheng's sword.
But just as Luo Zheng's sword was about to stab out, it suddenly retracted. This sword was actually a feint. His target was actually the exiled exiled with a dagger!
"Puff!"
The long sword flashed a short sword light, which accurately swept across the exiled exiled's throat and cut open his neck. Blood gushed out from the exiled exiled's neck like a fountain.
"What a cunning boy!"
Seeing this scene, the two exiles with axes and swords showed sorrow on their faces.
Although the three of them came from different races, they took care of each other in this world and had long become sworn brothers. They had a very good relationship for so many years, so naturally, they were as close as brothers.
Now that one of them had his neck chopped off by Luo Zheng, they were naturally shocked and angry.
If their cultivation was high, this injury would be nothing. But now, with their bodies not much stronger than ordinary people, this injury was enough to kill them!
"Ah ah ah!"
The remaining two exiles roared wildly and rushed toward Luo Zheng without any regard for their own safety.
At the same time, Di Jin, who had caught his breath, wiped off the blood on his face and charged forward with his saber. Three exiles risking their lives against a mere True God. It sounded unimaginable, but it was happening right before their eyes.
Facing these three guys who didn't care about their lives, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the pressure double. As he kept retreating, he was actually surrounded by danger!
But at this moment, dense footsteps came from not far away.

Chapter 2232
Elder Jin, Chi Yi, Fu Er, and the others didn't immediately rush to the back of the high platform.
They had killed their way over, attracting the attention of most of the sinister people.
Although they were worried about Luo Zheng's safety, they had no choice but to deal with the sinister people behind them first. After all, they didn't know that because Di Jin and the others had swallowed the medicinal cakes, the sinister people wouldn't follow them into the shadows behind the high platform.
Behind the huge pillar of the high platform, Di Jin's face twitched slightly.
He realized that if he didn't get rid of Luo Zheng, they wouldn't be able to escape.
It wasn't a pity for these exiles from small clans to die here, but Di Jin didn't want to be buried here!
As this thought flashed through his mind, his attacks became even fiercer!
"Die!"
Di Jin fiercely slashed with his saber with all the strength in his body.
As Luo Zheng continuously retreated, he used his sword to block in front of him as usual.
However, everyone's physical strength had been greatly weakened. Everyone's strength was almost the same. Although Luo Zheng could use his skills to the extreme, his sword couldn't block the momentum of Di Jin's saber!
"Clang!"
With a crisp sound, Luo Zheng's long sword flew out of his hand!
"Good chance!"
The other two exiles had already thrown caution to the wind, but Luo Zheng was so tenacious that they couldn't take him down even after a long time. They were extremely anxious.
Seeing that Luo Zheng's troublesome sword was sent flying by Di Jin's saber, the two exiles' hearts thumped wildly. They quickly closed in on him!
A large axe and a sharp sword greeted Luo Zheng head-on.
Di Jin also followed with his saber in hand. A trace of a sinister smile appeared on his face. He was waiting for this brat to be hit by the sword, then he would cut off his head …
Even though Luo Zheng retreated at lightning speed, he couldn't block the attack with his bare hands.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly revealed a faint smile. His gaze pierced through the two exiles and fixed on Di Jin. He quietly raised his hand.
"You're about to die, yet you still want to put on an act?" Di Jin sneered.
All living things were equal. Even exiles like them couldn't surpass this principle. He couldn't think of any other tricks Luo Zheng could use, and it was impossible for him to use any tricks.
But just as the axe was about to chop down on Luo Zheng's head, a green light suddenly appeared in Luo Zheng's palm.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
This energy was very weak, like a mosquito buzzing softly.
In the blink of an eye, it formed a small green cube. Then, the green cube quickly collapsed and dispersed on Luo Zheng's hand.
As a result, Luo Zheng had a green right hand!
Then, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped and stopped retreating. His hand actually went to grab the big axe!
Although the axe was made of ordinary metal, after the Equality of All Lives, anyone who was hit by the axe would be cut in half. Moreover, the Exiled Outcast had used up all his strength.
But Luo Zheng's right hand suddenly grabbed the axe's head so easily!
The Exiled Outcast holding the axe was stunned. He grabbed the axe's handle and pulled with all his strength, but the axe didn't move at all, as if it was embedded in a rock.
"I wonder who's about to die?"
Luo Zheng cracked a smile and squeezed his right hand lightly.
The axe made of fine metal was squeezed out of shape by Luo Zheng …
Di Jin and the other Exiled Outcast holding a sword were dumbfounded when they saw this scene.
Although their perception was weakened, their eyesight was still very accurate. They knew that Luo Zheng used some kind of energy.
But now, under the Equality of All Lives, even Nirvana Realm experts like them couldn't escape. How did Luo Zheng do it?
At this moment, they thought that their eyes were playing tricks on them.
Their eyes might have been playing tricks on them, but they couldn't be wrong about the power that Luo Zheng burst out with with a single hand!
While the Exiled Outcast was still in a daze, Luo Zheng had already snatched the axe and swung it fiercely.
"Bang …"
The axe's handle, which was as thick as an arm, smashed into the Exiled Outcast. How could the Exiled Outcast withstand it?
His skull instantly cracked, and his brain matter flowed out. He fell on his back on the ground …
Since Luo Zheng chose to use the supernatural power in his bloodline, he naturally wouldn't leave anyone alive!
"Bang!"
He continued to grab the axe and swing the handle.
The Exiled Outcast holding a sword came back to his senses. Just as he was about to turn around and dodge, the axe's handle smashed heavily on his head again.
Now, only Di Jin was left.
"You, how did you do it? The Equality of All Lives didn't work on you? "Di Jin remained calm on the surface, but his voice was still slightly trembling.
"Of course it worked." Luo Zheng's right hand gently kneaded the axe. The axe made of fine metal was like a lump of dough, changing its shape as he wantonly kneaded it. "But I have a way to surpass the Equality of All Lives …"
Surpassing the Equality of All Lives was equivalent to breaking the rules established by the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods!
Di Jin's face was full of disbelief, but when he saw Luo Zheng's right hand emitting a green light, he had no choice but to believe it.
At that moment, Di Jin suddenly clenched his teeth and vigorously swung the saber in his hand. Then, he immediately turned around and ran …
"Clang!"
Luo Zheng raised the axe's handle and gently pushed the saber away.
Seeing Di Jin's fleeing figure, he raised his right hand.
"Huff huff huff …"
As the axe continuously swung, it emitted a burst of sonic booms. Then, Luo Zheng threw it heavily.
Since he used the power of the Truth Crystal, he couldn't leave anyone alive.
The axe spun at high speed in the air and caught up to Di Jin's back in the blink of an eye.
Just as it was about to hit Di Jin, he suddenly lowered his body and the axe swept over his head.
Di Jin rejoiced in his heart. After all, Luo Zheng didn't chase after him. Now that he had put some distance between them, he still had a chance to escape …
But just as he stood up, he heard the sound of wind whistling in his ears.
"Not good …"
He knew something was wrong and felt a chill run down his back.
A flying dagger as thin as a cicada's wing was nailed into his back.
In the distance, Luo Zheng slowly lowered his right hand and shook it slightly. After the green light on the surface of his arm disappeared, he slowly walked towards Di Jin.
At that moment, Elder Jin and the others finally took care of the pursuers.
"Hurry up and help Luo Zheng!"
Elder Jin said in a deep voice. He quickly rushed to the back of the high platform.
But when they circled to the back of the high platform and took a closer look, they were immediately dumbfounded.
Luo Zheng was just pulling the flying dagger out of Di Jin's back. When he heard the commotion behind him, a faint smile appeared on his face.
"That's Di Jin. You took care of all four of them by yourself?" Chi Yi's face was full of disbelief.
As exiles from large clans, they clearly knew that even though All Life Is Equal, Di Jin wasn't easy to deal with.

Chapter 2233
Luo Zheng wiped the blood off the flying dagger and nodded to Chi Yi.
"How did you do it …" Chi Yi's pupils dilated slightly as he stared at Luo Zheng and continued to ask.
Everyone's strength was the same. Even if Luo Zheng relied on his extremely proficient and superb martial arts skills, it would be difficult for him to deal with these people in a short time.
Moreover, these people had hands and feet. Even if they were no match for Luo Zheng, they could always escape …
Elder Jin and the others were also full of doubts.
It was not difficult for them to kill these unintelligent people.
However, even Elder Jin could not kill these four exiles by himself. It could even be said that they had no chance of success.
"They are weaker than I imagined," Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders.
At this stage, Luo Zheng did not want to explain too much.
Elder Jin, Chi Yi, and the others were obviously not satisfied with Luo Zheng's answer, but they could not say anything …
Moreover, the more powerful Luo Zheng was, the more advantageous it would be for them.
After Luo Zheng picked up his long sword, he also collected the crossbows used by Di Jin and the others.
These crossbows were indeed ordinary items, but they were still quite useful in this situation.
After sorting out the remaining exiles, the people behind him slowly caught up with him.
Surrounded by the crowd, Ming Wei strolled over. Her eyes swept over Di Jin's corpse, and her eyebrows raised slightly.
The exiles killed by Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others were all exiles from small clans. Their strength was not necessarily strong. Di Jin was a general of the Xuanyuan Clan, and his strength was far stronger than ordinary exiles. Ming Wei was naturally surprised that he had fallen here.
"You're quite efficient. Luo Zheng rushed in rashly and was not injured?" She looked at Luo Zheng, who was unscathed, and her words were full of concern. She also felt that Luo Zheng was too impulsive.
Elder Jin and the others looked at each other helplessly, laughed dryly, and then said, "We didn't do anything … When we came, Luo Zheng had already killed them all."
"What?" Ming Wei's eyes flashed.
The exiles from the Fire Melt Race, the Star Deer Race, and the other major races, as well as the Aragami, were all looking at Luo Zheng in surprise.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly at Ming Wei. He didn't explain too much. Instead, he pointed to the corpses on the ground and said, "These people must have swallowed some kind of special medicine that can emit this medicinal fragrance. Because of this medicinal fragrance, those evil people don't seem to dare to come close."
Ever since All Lives Are Equal, the shady people had indeed created quite a bit of trouble for them.
These corpses also emitted a medicinal fragrance, which could be used at a crucial moment.
It seemed that Luo Zheng still had a trump card that she didn't know about …
However, seeing that Luo Zheng was avoiding the topic, the corners of Ming Wei's mouth curled up slightly. She changed the topic to the corpses. "Since that's the case, we can use these corpses to avoid those evil people."
"Yes!" Luo Zheng nodded. He looked around at everyone and then said, "The enemy is hiding behind the high platform and sniping us like this. We can only be targets. We can't advance like this anymore."
The enemy had released a large number of evil people to rush at them. They really didn't have a good solution.
This time, if Luo Zheng didn't force his way forward, who knew how many of them would have been killed by Di Jin and the others …
It was indeed not a good idea to continue like this.
"Then what do you think we should do?" An old man from the Fire Melt Race mumbled and asked.
Ming Wei had always been the leader. Everyone naturally followed her lead. After all, she was the strongest. She could rely on her cultivation base to convince everyone.
Now, Ming Wei seemed to be following Luo Zheng's advice. Naturally, they were not used to it.
However, Luo Zheng had just taken a huge risk and killed four exiles by himself. He had already proven his strength. However, when they thought about Luo Zheng's' insignificant 'cultivation base, they still felt a little strange.
"Divide the team into two groups," Luo Zheng replied.
"Divide into two groups? How is it divided? "One of the exiles asked.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I'll be in one group and you guys will be in the other."
Some people were puzzled when they heard Luo Zheng's words.
Ming Wei was the first to understand. She frowned slightly and said, "Isn't it too dangerous for you to go alone? I can go with you. "
Even after 'All Lives Are Equal', Ming Wei's group was not afraid of Yan Hai's group. They had an absolute advantage in terms of numbers. In terms of strength … everyone was about the same.
However, the enemy was in the dark while they were in the open. This group of people was too big of a target. If this continued, they would probably be killed by the enemy wave after wave.
Luo Zheng's suggestion was to hide himself as well.
However, Ming Wei was naturally worried that Luo Zheng would act alone.
"Yes, I'm afraid you can't go alone. Fu Er, Ming Wei and I will go with you?" Elder Jin said from nearby.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "You're too conspicuous. If you're not in the team, they'll probably notice it immediately. It's safest for me to go alone."
After all, Luo Zheng had killed Di Jin and the other three. Although Elder Jin and the others did not support it, they still agreed to Luo Zheng's plan …
Under the densely packed high platforms, there were countless crisscrossing paths. It was very complicated.
As they continued forward, Luo Zheng was missing from the team …
He kept a distance of several hundred feet from these people and walked through the darkness on one side of the high platform.
After learning from their mistakes, everyone remained silent and vigilant. They were always on guard against any hidden arrows shot out from the darkness.
After Ming Wei led the team for more than ten li, there was a low murmur from behind another high platform.
"They're here. They're still led by Ming Wei …"
"Di Jin and the others didn't retreat. Did they fail?"
"I reckon Di Jin didn't escape. It looks like we can't continue fighting!"
According to Yan Hai's plan, a team of four people would kill Ming Wei and the others with crossbows. After that, they would immediately retreat and gather with the people behind them to carry out the next round of attack.
If they succeeded, they could exhaust the team led by Ming Wei to death in this world.
However, Di Jin and the others didn't escape. This caused the four people to have an ominous feeling in their hearts.
"Don't think too much. Release the traitors!" One of them ordered.
"Kacha …"
The fence between the two high platforms suddenly disappeared. The traitors imprisoned in the fence quickly rushed forward. The four people had already set up their crossbows.
Just as they aimed their crossbows in front of them, a green light suddenly flashed from the corners of their eyes.
"Where did the light come from?" One of the exiles was puzzled and turned his head.
Then he saw Luo Zheng standing not far away.

Chapter 2234
"Who are you?!"
The exile did not expect that someone would arrive before him. In that instant, he could not even differentiate between friend and foe.
However, as soon as he finished speaking, the flying dagger had already pierced his forehead!
"Bang!"
When the exile fell to the ground, Luo Zheng had already pulled out his sword and rushed forward.
The remaining three exiles came to their senses.
However, when Luo Zheng used his Bloodline Ability, they were no match for him even if they faced him head-on, let alone now that he had arrived in a sneak attack.
Without facing any serious resistance, the remaining three exiles were already killed by Luo Zheng...
On the other side.
Ming Wei commanded the group to continuously slaughter the sneaky people.
As the group became more and more familiar with their methods, these sneaky people were no longer a threat to them.
After about the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, the last sneaky person was killed by Jin Lao's broadsword.
Jin Lao, Ming Wei, and the others all looked towards the high platform in the distance.
Luo Zheng's figure appeared from behind the high platform. He made a thumbs down gesture towards Ming Wei and the others, smiled faintly, and then disappeared into the shadows...
"This kid..." Seeing this scene, Jin Lao was also speechless.
Obviously, he did not expect that bringing Luo Zheng into this world would play such a big role.
The other exiles were also speechless. However, they still felt extremely strange in their hearts. After all, so many exiles had died in the hands of a True God-level Luo Zheng!
Ming Wei pursed her lips and smiled, "Everyone, let's continue forward!"
After walking for another ten miles, the group once again faced the sneaky people.
Luo Zheng, who was hiding in the shadows, once again killed those sneaky people with lightning speed. Everyone was able to move forward smoothly.
Along the way, the exiles from the big clans and the Aragami were all looking more and more impressed.
They really could not figure out what method Luo Zheng had used to be able to kill those sneaky people so easily...
Although they could not figure it out, they were secretly glad that they had Luo Zheng in the group. Otherwise, who knew how many of them would have died?
Just like this, the group slowly advanced forward step by step.
...
...
Three days later...
They finally walked out of these densely packed high platforms, and in front of them was a wall that was about ten feet high.
"We're finally here." Xiao Yun took a step forward and looked into the distance.
A hint of longing appeared in Fu Chu's eyes.
This was the settlement of the warden race. It was also Little Yun and Fu Chu's home.
Especially Fu Chu, he'd spent most of his life growing up here, and after experiencing a life of strife, slaughter, and wandering about, returning to this place once more naturally caused him to sigh with emotion.
"There's someone on the wall!" One of the Aragami shouted.
Everyone looked towards the source of the voice and saw several figures appearing one after another on the city wall.
"It's Yan Hai." Ming Wei's beautiful eyes flashed with killing intent.
Once upon a time in this world, even powerful exiles like Elder Jin and Yan Hai could only bow their heads in front of her.
But this time, when she was planning to leave this world, she had caused trouble for the Nuwa Clan several times.
And this time, it was also because of this person that she was injured by an arrow.
If she wasn't in a hurry to leave this world, she would have led the Nuwa Clan to destroy the Xuanyuan Clan...
Yan Hai stood on the wall and looked at the people in the distance with an indifferent expression.
His heart was filled with doubts.
None of the exiles that Yan Hai had sent out had returned.
Di Jin had failed, but could Rowling have failed as well? Even if Rowling had failed, what about Hai Hun...
The conditions created by the warden's family gave them a huge advantage. What kind of means did Ming Wei have to be able to kill all these people without a sound?
Therefore, Yan Hai, who was originally full of confidence, was no longer confident.
Ming Wei led the group to the bottom of the city wall slowly.
Both parties were a few hundred feet apart, and they looked at each other silently.
"Yan Hai, we meet again!" Elder Jin chuckled.
Yan Hai glanced at Elder Jin coldly and scoffed, "Old dog Jin? You have no right to speak here! "
Hearing this, Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the other Chiyou people raised their eyebrows, and their faces were filled with anger.
Fu Er was about to retort, but Elder Jin stopped him and smiled faintly, "You're like a trapped beast with all four of your limbs broken. Other than your mouth, you have nothing left!"
Yan Hai ignored Elder Jin's sarcasm and stared at Ming Wei, "They want to make a deal with you."
Of course, he was referring to the warden race.
In their eyes, it was Ming Wei's ability that allowed them to reach this place so smoothly...
Whether it was the warden race or Yan Hai himself, Ming Wei was a taboo woman.
Ming Wei put her hands behind her back and smiled faintly. She tilted her head and asked, "What kind of deal?"
"Ask the Nuwa Clan to leave, and you to bring your people out," Yan Hai said.
As soon as he said that, the exiles and Aragami from the other clans were shocked.
Although they had finally reached the core area of this world, they had yet to truly fight the warden race. It was still unknown who would emerge victorious...
Yan Hai's offer was still very tempting.
Hence, everyone quietly looked at Ming Wei. What should they do if she really agreed to it?
"It's too late. If I said that before I found this world, there might be a chance. If I agree to it now, what kind of person do you think I am?" Ming Wei smiled faintly, "Moreover, they want to exclude the Nuwa Clan now. Does that mean they're guilty?"
"Guilty? What do you mean? "Yan Hai sneered.
Ming Wei then said, "From the strength of Little Yun and Fu Chu, it can be proven that the warden race is not that strong."
They had already guessed the strength of the warden race. The appearance of Little Yun and Fu Chu was a further confirmation.
Before Yan Hai could answer, a person in a black robe popped her head out from the city wall. A female voice came from under the black robe. "You're right. The cultivation of the warden race is indeed not as strong as yours. However, don't forget that you're not a Nirvana Realm powerhouse now. Under the Equality of All Lives, you're just a mortal. On the other hand, the warden race has been blessed by our master and can break through the Equality of All Lives limit!"
The person in the black robe standing on the city wall was no longer an illusion of the warden race. She was a real member of the race.
Hearing the black robe's words, everyone's heart skipped a beat.
If what this person said was true and the warden race could break through the Equality of All Lives limit, they would be in big trouble …
After all, the difference in strength between the Equality of All Lives and the Equality of All Lives was huge! No matter how weak the warden race was, they were still at the True God level, right? Any random True God would be able to crush all of them.

Chapter 2235
Xiao Yun looked up at the black figure on the city wall. Her plain face was still calm, but the hatred deep in her eyes could no longer be suppressed.
She and Fu Chu had suffered too much. Fu Chu was still young at that time, so most of the difficulties were shouldered by her as the elder sister.
The pain of losing her father, the pain of losing her mother …
He watched helplessly as his uncle's family was being punished and crushed by that huge millstone.
Her three brothers were shot by arrows and turned into porcupines while trying to save her.
The scenes of the past kept flashing through her mind, biting her heart like a poisonous snake.
Her motive for revenge was too strong, so she could only desperately suppress the hatred in her heart.
When she found a suitable target, "Luo Zheng," she was very excited and wanted to do everything she could to get Luo Zheng to help her.
If it wasn't for Luo Zheng's good character, she would have considered selling everything she had, including her body.
While waiting, she was worried about her gains and losses.
She didn't expect everything to go so smoothly …
Just like that, she stepped into this space step by step and finally returned to her hometown. Now, it was time for her revenge.
"Aunt Lou, you didn't expect us to meet again under such circumstances, right?" The corners of Xiao Yun's mouth curled up slightly as a smile appeared on her clean face. She was enjoying this moment.
The warden clan wasn't big, so even if the liberal faction and conservative faction were enemies, they could still climb up the hierarchy. Therefore, Xiao Yun called the black figure "Aunt Lou."
Of course, Xiao Yun didn't have any intention of treating her as an elder.
The woman with the surname Lou looked at Xiao Yun from the city wall for a while and then muttered, "I really didn't expect … I didn't expect your liberal faction to fall to such a state. In the end, you would choose this step and lead these outsiders to slaughter our clan …"
Hearing this, Xiao Yun wanted to retort, but she didn't expect Fu Chu's voice to come from behind her.
"Fall?" Fu Chu slowly walked to Xiao Yun's side and looked at the people on the city wall with a face full of excitement. "I don't know what fall is. I only know that you killed my parents. In order to take revenge, we have no other choice!"
For as long as he could remember, he didn't have much of a sense of belonging to the warden's family. There was only hatred, so he never thought of depravity.
The black-robed woman with the surname Lou glanced at Fu Chu. Compared to Little Yun, Fu Chu was actually more important because he was the one who could sever those curse chains.
"Just for revenge? You are the curse-breaker of the warden race, but you don't even know your mission. How would you know what hatred is? "Lou's voice sounded regretful.
"Your so-called mission is merely the will of the Primal Chaos Ancient God. As for us, we will always yearn for freedom. I believe there is no need to continue this debate," Xiao Yun said indifferently.
The debate between the Liberals and the Conservatives was endless. It didn't matter who was right or wrong.
"Indeed … there is no need," the woman with the surname Lou said softly. As soon as she finished speaking, she quickly ordered, "Kill that child called Fu Chu!"
With a wave of Yan Hai's hand, several people on the city wall each took out a black crossbow and fired at Fu Chu!
The distance between the two parties was extremely close. At such a distance, the power and accuracy of the crossbow were the best.
Lou knew Fu Chu's importance, and so did Ming Wei and the others.
Moreover, they had always known that Yan Hai was crafty. In such a situation, it could be said that they had to be on guard at all times.
"Dodge!"
Ming Wei's figure flashed and grabbed Fu Chu. She pushed him to the ground and rolled a few times.
"Tok tok tok tok tok …"
Several sharp arrows were nailed to the backs of Ming Wei and Fu Chu.
"Hmph, are you the only ones who know how to shoot arrows?" Elder Jin sneered.
The people behind him flipped their hands, and each of them had a black crossbow in their hands.
"Hum hum hum hum …"
The concentrated sound of bowstrings being released rang out.
More than 20 black sword rays turned into black raindrops and shot toward the city wall.
"Pu, pu!"
The two exiles beside Yan Hai couldn't dodge in time. They let out two blood-curdling screams and fell from the city wall.
On the other hand, Yan Hai dodged extremely quickly and quickly hid under the city wall.
As for Lou, who was covered in a black robe, she stood on the spot and didn't dodge. She allowed the arrows to hit her cloak.
No one knew why her cloak was made. When the arrows hit her body, they began to fall. They couldn't penetrate the layer of cloak.
"Hmph …"
Lou snorted coldly under the cloak, then turned around and jumped down from the city wall.
"What do we do now?" Yan Hai asked.
"Take your men and stop them outside the city walls," said the woman with the surname Lou indifferently.
"My men? Where do I have any men … "
Yan Hai smiled bitterly.
Most of the exiles who had followed him had already been killed before this, and just now, he had lost two more people.
Now, his so-called men were only left with the two exiles from the Xuanyuan Clan. Including Yan Hai, there were only three of them! Letting the three of them stop the hundreds of people led by Ming Wei? Moreover, after 'All Lives Equal', everyone's strength was about the same. Even Yan Hai didn't have absolute confidence in dealing with those Aragami.
"Then go to hell. You're useless trash anyway. I only hoped that you could kill each other. I didn't expect you to be so useless. It was a one-sided slaughter." After the woman with the surname Lou finished speaking, she quickly retreated.
Yan Hai, who was standing on the spot, felt a chill run down his spine.
At this moment, he finally understood that he had been completely used by the warden clan.
In fact, with Yan Hai's intelligence, it was difficult for others to use him. However, he was eager to leave this world. He also wanted to stop the Chiyou Clan and Nuwa Clan. That was why he agreed to the warden's request so easily.
He didn't expect to be abandoned so easily …
"You …"
Looking at Lou's back, Yan Hai's eyes were filled with hatred.
"Brother, what do we do now? Do we rely on us to stop them outside? "Beside Yan Hai, an exiled from the Xuanyuan Clan asked.
They had followed Yan Hai all the way here. They didn't expect to encounter such a situation.
"Stop them? Let's go!"
Yan Hai's eyes flashed with a cold light.
He was able to lead the Xuanyuan Clan for so many years without falling. After all, he was a hero.

Chapter 2236
The wall of the warden clan's settlement was only three meters tall.
After all, their clan had never considered the possibility of an invasion. This wall was merely a formality.
Just as Yan Hai was leading the two exiles to escape, a figure had already leaped over the wall.
Yan Hai recognized the figure on the wall. It was the Chiyou clan member who had fought with Xian Ze. Back then, Di Jin had used cheating methods but had still failed to take him down.
Luo Zheng and Yan Hai's gazes met. Luo Zheng smiled faintly and leaped down from the wall.
He did not choose to pursue Yan Hai. Instead, he went straight for the woman surnamed Lou!
"Whoosh!"
The woman surnamed Lou was covered in a cloak. Although she could not fly, her body was extremely light. She moved forward at high speed along the street …
On the other side, Luo Zheng was constantly leaping and dashing across the buildings. By fully utilizing the terrain, Luo Zheng's speed was almost three times faster than the woman surnamed Lou's!
Soon, the woman surnamed Lou heard footsteps coming from her right.
She looked up in confusion and saw Luo Zheng running alongside her!
Luo Zheng smiled at her and said softly, "I'm sorry, but someone wishes for you to stay."
"Is that so?"
The woman surnamed Lou sneered.
She did not know Luo Zheng's origins, but for him to be able to catch up to her in such a short period of time meant that his strength was not ordinary.
However, she did not panic …
Just as Little Yun had said, the warden clan was indeed unable to completely break free from the Equality of All Lives rule. However, the grace bestowed upon them by the Primal Chaos Ancient God allowed them to break free from the Equality of All Lives rule.
"Swish!"
As the woman surnamed Lou ran forward, she gently pulled on a belt below her ribs.
The cloak that had originally wrapped her tightly began to split from the top, middle, and bottom. The woman surnamed Lou's long white hair floated out of the cloak.
The wardens were always wrapped in this cloak, and they rarely took it off even when they were facing their own kind. They would only take it off when they were in a battle!
The moment the cloak dispersed, the agile figure of the woman surnamed Lou was revealed. Her lips moved slightly, and wisps of blue light flickered between her elbows. A unique energy began to gather.
"This energy fluctuation …"
On the roof, Luo Zheng, who was walking side by side with her, had a solemn look in his eyes.
Now that all living beings were equal, all exiles had become mortals, or rather, they were only slightly stronger than mortals.
The Warden Clan could actually unleash such power with the bodies of mortals!
"But you're only dreaming." The woman with the surname Lou waved her hands, and blue energy continued to gather, turning into two elbow-length sharp blades.
She held the two sharp blades in a reverse grip. She looked at Luo Zheng with a smile on her face, and suddenly twisted her body!
"Shua!"
After a blue halo formed, it slashed towards Luo Zheng.
"Huff … Huff …"
The halo was extremely fast. In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng turned over and rolled down from the roof. He used his arms to support himself on the ground, and only then did he manage to stand still.
The house behind him collapsed under the slash of the halo …
"Boom … Boom … Boom …"
The halo did not stop for a long time. After slashing a house, it continued to spread in a straight line, destroying dozens of houses in a row!
Such power was naturally not worth mentioning if there was no 'All Lives Equal'. Any Aragami could easily destroy this settlement with a wave of their hand …
But now, with just one slash, it could reach such a level. It was very shocking.
"Shua, shua." The woman with the surname Lou gently waved the two blue sharp blades and stared at Luo Zheng with a sneer.
Although she did not manage to kill this kid, she was still faintly proud of herself. She said, "Are you still going to chase after me? Leave now, and I can give you a chance to spare your life. "
Luo Zheng withdrew his gaze from the destroyed house and smiled. "I don't need that chance."
Hearing this, the woman with the surname Lou's pretty face suddenly turned cold. She waved the two sharp blades and rushed towards Luo Zheng.
She wanted to kill Luo Zheng, so she naturally wanted to end the battle quickly. If she was surrounded by the group of invaders, she would be in trouble …
"Hum …"
The two blue sharp blades slashed in the air, forming two huge crescent moons that slashed towards Luo Zheng from the left and right.
Facing such a shocking attack, Luo Zheng used his sword steps and twisted his body slightly, dodging the attack by a hair's breadth.
"Very exquisite steps." The woman with the surname Lou sneered. "But how long can you dodge?"
As she spoke, the blue light blossoming from her hands once again strangled Luo Zheng. Each move was fiercer and faster than the previous one!
Meanwhile, Luo Zheng held his sword with one hand and dodged all the attacks.
He maintained a distance of three to four feet from the woman with the surname Lou, using his nimble body technique to shuttle back and forth between her blades.
If others saw this scene, they would probably be worried for Luo Zheng. After all, one wrong step and he would be cut to pieces by the woman with the surname Lou. However, Luo Zheng seemed to be enjoying this.
After attacking dozens of times in a row, the woman with the surname Lou became anxious. This kid was more difficult to deal with than she had imagined!
If this kid's reinforcements arrived, she was afraid that she would not be able to escape!
Thinking of this, a ruthless expression appeared on her face. The two blue sharp blades crisscrossed and pushed, forcing Luo Zheng to retreat.
However, this push was only half of the way.
The corners of her mouth curled up slightly. The two sharp blades suddenly changed direction and slashed towards Luo Zheng's shoulders.
If they hit, she could directly turn Luo Zheng into a stick!
But at this moment, Luo Zheng raised his head and looked at the woman with the surname Lou. He faintly smiled and placed his sword horizontally in front of his chest.
When the woman with the surname Lou saw Luo Zheng's smile, she was slightly puzzled. However, Luo Zheng actually intended to use an ordinary sword to block her two sharp blades. This was too naive. Her sharp blades could instantly cut his sword into three pieces along with his body!
However, this youth should be well aware of this because he had been unwilling to use his sword to touch her blades. Why would he use such a stupid method to block her attacks?
The two of them had only exchanged blows for an instant. At this moment, she had no time to think about these confusing thoughts.
Just as her two sharp blades were about to slash Luo Zheng, a light green Truth Crystal quietly appeared on Luo Zheng's arm. Then, a green light quickly spread along his arm and enveloped his sword.
Dang! Dang!
Dang! Dang! Two crisp sounds rang out. The scene that the woman with the surname Lou had imagined didn't happen …

Chapter 2237
"Whoosh …"
After Luo Zheng's long sword blocked the woman's two sharp blades, he reversed the direction of his sword and suddenly twisted it, slashing towards her neck.
The woman's face was filled with shock. She never expected this kid to block her attack with an ordinary iron sword!
It was impossible for ordinary iron to block her attack. The only possibility was the green light wrapped around it. How could this kid use such power now?
On one hand, she was very surprised. On the other hand, she was no match for Luo Zheng in terms of pure sword skills. How could she block him?
Facing Luo Zheng's sword, the woman had no choice but to retreat along the edge of Luo Zheng's sword. In the end, she avoided Luo Zheng's sword, but she lost her balance and fell to the ground.
Just as she was about to turn over and get up, Luo Zheng's long sword was already on her snow-white neck, and the green light on his long sword had faded away …
"Don't move, or I'll cut off your neck," Luo Zheng said with a smile. "Don't ask me how I did it …"
The woman's eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng, her chest heaving up and down, her thoughts fluctuating greatly.
She somewhat understood why Yan Hai couldn't stop this group of invaders …
Under the Equality of All Living Beings, only the warden family could break through the shackles. The woman's double blades were the grace of their master …
But this kid in front of her seemed to have broken through the Equality of All Living Beings limit.
She didn't think about how these people did it now. If this group of people could break through the shackles, then Yan Hai's people were destined to be no match for them.
Even if the warden family and Yan Hai planned for a long time, the snipers they sent out could only sink like a stone into the sea!
In the distance, a flurry of footsteps could be heard, mixed with curses.
"Damn, that guy Yan Hai ran so fast!"
"I don't know if Luo Zheng caught up with that woman. If he can catch her, then the rest will be easy."
"I'm a little worried about Luo Zheng's safety …"
Below the city wall, Luo Zheng had a brief exchange with Ming Wei and the others.
The current situation was very clear. Yan Hai and the others were no longer a threat. What they really needed to face now was the warden's family. They were their real opponents.
As the saying goes, know thyself and know thy enemy, and thou shalt be victorious in every battle. Against such an unknown race, everyone was somewhat uncertain.
Although Xiao Yun had some understanding of the Warden Clan, she wasn't that thorough.
The warden's family had sent this Lou woman here in order to offer an olive branch to Ming Wei and her Nuwa Clan to withdraw.
It would be best if he could capture the Lou woman and force her to reveal the secrets of the warden family.
As a result, Elder Jin led his men to chase after Yan Hai, while Luo Zheng took the lead to chase after the woman surnamed Lou.
However, under the cover of Exile Liang Mingliang, Yan Hai still managed to escape in the end, so everyone hurriedly rushed over.
They didn't have much hope for Luo Zheng. After all, the warden's family was more troublesome in their minds.
They didn't expect to see Luo Zheng holding a shining longsword against the Lou woman's neck as soon as they crossed the street.
Ming Wei saw this scene and raised her eyebrows slightly. Sure enough …
She had long speculated that Luo Zheng had some extremely powerful means, but he had never revealed them in front of them.
That was why Ming Wei had let Luo Zheng go alone!
Even if Luo Zheng didn't catch the Lou woman, it wouldn't be a big loss.
As a result, he didn't let her guess down!
"Caught her! Haha! "An exile couldn't help but let out a bold laugh.
When the others saw this scene and recalled what had happened along the way, they felt that Luo Zheng's performance was outrageous to the point of being unreasonable.
About the second half of their journey in this space, Luo Zheng had moved everyone here by himself.
Therefore, when they saw Luo Zheng himself, they all felt "lucky". If it weren't for him, Ming Wei might have been able to bring them in with her ability, but who knew how many people would have died.
The woman with the surname Lou, who was half-leaning on the ground, stared at Xiao Yun, who was in the middle of the crowd. When she saw Xiao Yun's smiling face, she softly said, "For my master … You bunch of worms will never leave this world …"
After she finished her thought, a resolute expression appeared on her face.
Immediately, she bumped into Luo Zheng's longsword …
Luo Zheng's reaction was also very fast. With a slight shake of his longsword, he hit her neck with the flat of the sword, but it only drew a line of blood.
However, if Luo Zheng didn't kill her, she could force Luo Zheng to kill her!
Since she had seen through life and death at this moment, she didn't have the slightest scruple. Blue veined patterns appeared on her arms again, and two sharp blades condensed again. She attacked with both hands, unexpectedly holding Luo Zheng in her arms.
"If you don't kill me, we'll die together!" Her eyes flickered with a strange light.
At this distance, Luo Zheng had no choice but to be trapped by this woman's two sharp blades.
He frowned and could only leap forward with his sword.
The bright silver longsword pierced through her chest with a "pu" sound.
Even so, the Lou woman's two sharp blades still persistently cut towards Luo Zheng until Luo Zheng pressed his longsword against her body and pushed her to the ground, firmly nailing her to the ground. Only then did the two sharp blades flickering with blue light dissipate …
The people not far away didn't expect this to happen, and their smiles immediately froze on their faces.
"Rip!"
Luo Zheng pulled the longsword out of her chest, and blood spurted out. His face was full of annoyance.
"I didn't expect this woman to be so decisive," Ming Wei walked over and said with her thin lips pursed.
"She wanted to die, and I couldn't do anything about it," Luo Zheng said helplessly.
"You've already done enough," Ming Wei consoled him.
A Fire Melt Race exile nodded. "Yes, at least we've already killed a member of the warden's family!"
Now, this group of exiles no longer had the feeling of looking down on Luo Zheng. Instead, they treated Luo Zheng as an equal.
Ming Wei slowly squatted down and grabbed the Lou woman's arm with one hand. She observed the complex veined patterns on her arm and said, "Little Yun, I saw that she could create a pair of sharp blades from her hands. Were these blades bestowed by the Primal Chaos Ancient God?"
Little Yun walked forward. Seeing the Lou woman die in front of her, she was slightly moved. The person who died was from the warden's family, after all. They had the same blood flowing through their veins.
But when she thought of the scene of her entire family being slaughtered, her heart turned cold again. She immediately said, "Yes, after All Lives Equal, the master of our family will bestow grace to transcend All Lives Equal."
"Everyone's grace is to create this pair of sharp blades?" Luo Zheng asked.
If that was the case, then things would be easy …
Although the pair of sharp blades were incomparably sharp, it wasn't unsolvable. The warden's family wasn't as difficult to deal with as imagined.

Chapter 2238
Hearing this, Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the others frowned slightly.
The situation had become very troublesome …
However, it was better than what they had expected.
At least the warden's clan was restricted by the Equality of All Beings. They could only rely on the favor of the Chaos Ancient God to surpass the boundary of equality …
If the Equality of All Beings had no effect on the warden's clan, then they could only be slaughtered without any room to retaliate.
"Since they can obtain the favor of the Chaos Ancient God, can you obtain it too, Little Yun? Fu Chu too, "Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Little Yun nodded. "In theory, yes. However, the place to obtain the favor is not here. It has to be at the prayer tablet. The tablet is deep in the settlement. I'm afraid we won't have a chance to get close."
"We have to try," Luo Zheng smiled.
Little Yun nodded slightly. "It's on the way. If we can successfully get close to the prayer tablet, I will pray for Master's favor …"
…
…
At the core of the settlement.
Around the huge piece of perfection, the Life Lamps emitted uniform light.
Many strong people did not like to make life lamps because they would sometimes reveal some flaws. However, under the Equality of All Beings, these flaws did not exist.
Therefore, the warden's clan had already made everyone's life lamps and placed them in a row around the circle.
"Pop!"
One of the life lamps suddenly made a faint sound. The soybean-sized flame in the center of the life lamp suddenly dimmed and flickered twice before finally extinguishing …
"Lou Ling's life lamp extinguished?"
"Who killed her!"
"Lou Ling has always been cautious. She couldn't escape safely. Those people …"
On the other side of the open space, most of the warden's clan gathered here.
At the front of the open space, there were seven or eight people sitting cross-legged on the stairs. At the top of the stairs were the warden's clan members, the elder who had turned the circle and activated the Equality of All Beings.
The elder looked at the life lamp that had disappeared. There was a hint of sadness in his eyes.
Looking at the clan members who were discussing, the elder said, "They are stronger than we thought …"
"Stronger? No matter how strong they are, no matter how strong they were, they are just a group of mortals now. How strong can they be! "
A black-robed man stood up from the crowd.
Although this person was shrouded in a black robe, from his figure and voice, one could tell that he was an extremely tall and sturdy man.
"Clan leader, what are you still thinking about? Just let us step forward. Why do you need to fear the Nuwa Clan?" Another black-robed figure said.
Hesitation appeared on the old man's face.
He did not expect that the people led by Yan Hai would be so weak. After careful consideration, he concluded that Ming Wei was the key to the problem. That was why he had sent the woman surnamed Lou to eliminate the Nuwa Clan and capture all the exiles of the other major clans.
Now, it seemed that this strategy had failed.
"We have Master's favor. Killing that group of people is as easy as slaughtering chickens and dogs. Patriarch!" Another black-robed man stood up.
Many of the clansmen began to clamor.
After a short while, the old man finally made up his mind.
"You're right. We, the wardens, don't need to be afraid of them." The old man slowly stood up. "Now that they've entered our city, we have no way out. Everyone here bears the grace and mission of the master. We can't afford to lose this battle."
As soon as the old man finished speaking, there was a deafening commotion below the stairs …
"Lou Di!"
"Here!"
"Lou Bing!"
"Here!"
"Bai Shehuan!"
"Here …"
"…"
The old man made arrangements according to the plan.
Almost half of the people had left …
Then, the old man said to the purple-haired black-robed man on the stairs, "Yu Shi, come with me to see the tomb keeper …"
Hearing this, the purple-haired black-robed man trembled slightly and asked, "Clan leader, why do you want to see him?"
"Just in case," the old man replied.
The purple-haired black-robed man seemed very reluctant. He said firmly, "There's no 'if'. We won't fail!"
"What if we really fail?" the old man asked.
The purple-haired black-robed man was silent for a moment, then nodded.
Then, the old man walked down the stairs and walked in another direction with the purple-haired black-robed man.
After walking through a spacious area, there was a small hill in front of them. Behind the hill, there were tombstones.
The warden clan did not obtain eternal life. Or rather, their master did not grant them eternal life.
There were thousands of their clan members buried here.
Some of the tombstones were so old that the words on them were blurred.
The old man was not young either. After about four more reincarnations, that was four thousand years later, he would also be buried under these tombstones.
Every time they passed by this cemetery, the old man felt a little emotional …
After passing these tombstones, they came to the foot of the hill behind the hill.
At the foot of the hill stood a tombstone that was ten feet tall. There was nothing above the tombstone, only a board of light. No one knew the purpose of the tombstone, nor did they know who was buried under the tombstone.
In front of the tombstone lay a dirty young man.
This young man had been under the tombstone for countless years, and his appearance had never changed. This person's personality was strange, and he loved to talk nonsense. He rarely interacted with the warden clan …
In the past, the warden clan had a conflict with this young man. At one point, they had gathered hundreds of their clan members to besiege him.
However, this young man had shown great strength. It made the warden clan understand that this young man was not someone they could provoke. This person was even stronger than the exiles of this world.
Fortunately, he was not bloodthirsty. During the conflict, he only taught the hundreds of clan members a lesson and let them go.
From then on, no one in the warden clan dared to provoke this person.
The warden clan had many guesses about this person's identity, but they had never come to a conclusion.
In fact, he was not a gravekeeper. The warden clan only called him that because he always stayed in front of the tombstone.
The old man thought that the master had arranged for this person to be here for a reason.
Now that the warden clan was in a critical moment, the old man naturally hoped that this person would be their clan's shield …
When the old man and the purple-haired black-robed man reached the bottom of the tombstone, they did not see the young man.

Chapter 2239
The old man raised his head and bowed, replying sincerely, "Our clan is indeed facing an invasion."
The young man on top of the tombstone chuckled. "The enemies you speak of are the exiles of this world, aren't they?"
"That's right," the old man said.
"So you're visiting me now to ask for my help?" the young man asked again.
The old man sighed softly in his heart and nodded.
This young man looked like a lunatic, but his true strength was probably hard to estimate …
Most importantly, he wasn't imprisoned in that world like the other exiles, but appeared in the space where the warden clan lived.
The old man didn't know the purpose of his master's arrangement, but this young man had been his neighbor for countless years. Perhaps he would agree to help on account of this?
"The old monster's Equality of All Lives is so powerful that I can't escape it. I'm now the same as an ordinary person, so it's useless even if I help, hehe …" The young man tilted his head and laughed.
Hearing this, the old man's face flashed with a complicated expression. Then, he bent his knees and knelt before him. "Please help the warden clan!"
"Clan Leader!"
The purple-haired black-robed man beside him panicked.
The tomb keeper had said that after Equality of All Lives, his cultivation would also be weakened. Why would the clan leader beg him like this?
Seeing the old man's reaction, the tomb keeper's expression didn't change at all.
With a flip of his body, he jumped down from the tombstone and walked past the old man. At the same time, he clicked his tongue and said in a leisurely voice, "Back then, I made a bet with Ruin that I would be imprisoned here for a trillion years. Even now, I still haven't been able to see through this secret …"
Hearing this, the old man and the purple-haired black-robed man's hearts skipped a beat.
This tomb keeper was also imprisoned here?
If that was the case, he was actually an existence that opposed the warden clan. In other words, not only would he not help the warden clan, he would even use this opportunity to escape?
After coming to this conclusion, the old man and the purple-haired black-robed man were naturally uneasy.
The tomb keeper sensed their emotions and turned his head to smile faintly. "Having lived next to your clan for so long, I'm well aware of what happened to your warden's clan. I have to say, your conservative faction is indeed loyal and devoted to your duties. Unfortunately, you don't know … Ruin, this old monster, doesn't care much about this prison."
"What do you mean?" The old man slowly stood up. He was very concerned about the tomb keeper's words.
This involved the dispute between the conservative and liberal parties …
Back then, when the Liberals wanted to leave this world, the two sides didn't fight at first. Instead, they engaged in a debate that lasted for several years.
The core point of the Liberals was that their master had already given up on them and this world. The Wardens were also dispensable existences.
On the other hand, the conservative faction insisted that their master would return sooner or later, so they had to stick to their mission.
The old man had persisted on this mission until today …
"Because there is more than one such prison." The tomb keeper shrugged. "Ruin has built sixty to seventy such prisons at the bottom of the Chaos. He has been repeating the process, but he has failed. The prison you are guarding is just one of his failures, understand?"
"Failed product? Where is the failure? From the beginning to the end, not a single person has escaped from this prison! "The old man's voice was faintly trembling, and his attitude was even more severe.
A person who had spent his life guarding something was just a failed product. No one would be able to accept this, let alone the Wardens who had spent countless years here!
How could their clan accept this?
The tomb keeper still had that lazy smile on his face. Looking at the old man's agitated expression, he couldn't help but sigh. "These few Chaos Ancient Gods have already become the foundation of the entire Chaos. Do you really think that 'Ruin' has nothing better to do than to set up a prison and lock some people up here? Do those exiles have the right to do so? "
Even people as strong as Ming Wei and Elder Jin wouldn't be able to catch the attention of the Chaos Ancient Gods.
Compared to the Chaos Ancient Gods, these exiles weren't even considered small fries …
The old man immediately choked when he heard this.
Indeed …
Their supreme master should be the strongest existence in the Chaos. Why would he lock these exiles up here?
However, the Wardens wouldn't try to figure out their master's intentions. This was a great disrespect, so they had never considered this question.
"Master … Why did he create this world? Why … did he create us?" The old man asked this question with difficulty.
This question was often asked by the Liberals in the past. The old man vaguely understood the Liberals' position …
The tomb keeper smiled faintly. "You don't need to know this. Anyway, your master has already given up. You don't need to struggle anymore. If those exiles want to leave, let them leave. It's not bad for everyone to part on good terms."
"Nonsense!" The purple-haired, black-robed man finally couldn't help but berate him.
The old man also said, "Protecting this prison is the duty of the Wardens. It's also the reason why our master created us. Even if it's as you said, that our master has given up on this place, we won't give up! If you're not willing to help us, then we'll take our leave! "
The old man bowed deeply to the tomb keeper, then turned to leave.
The purple-haired, black-robed man followed closely behind. In his opinion, the patriarch's action was purely superfluous. He could beg anyone, but he didn't have to beg this guy.
Seeing that the two were about to leave, the tomb keeper said, "Although I feel that your persistence is very boring, I admire people who persist."
As he spoke, he stretched his body, and his bones suddenly cracked. "I've been here for too long. Anyway, I can't decipher anything from this broken tablet. I also want to move around."
Hearing this, the old man suddenly stopped. He turned his head and stared blankly at the tomb keeper. His dim yellow eyes suddenly lit up. "You're willing to help us?"
…
…
On the other side …
Ming Wei, Luo Zheng, and the others stopped in their tracks.
A black-robed man stood in front of them. Beside this black-robed man, azure butterflies danced around him.
These butterflies were beautiful, but they contained fatal energy.
"This place is off-limits," the black-robed man said faintly.
As soon as he finished speaking, black-robed figures appeared one after another on the roofs on both sides of the street.

Chapter 2240
Xiao Yun and Fu Chu returned to the center of the group and were protected by layers of guards.
After all, these two were the most important, and the warden's clan would most likely target them.
Luo Zheng, who was walking at the front, narrowed his eyes and asked, "What if we insist on going through?"
The black-robed man gently waved his hand, and all the butterflies began to flutter violently. They arranged themselves into a pair of wings and floated behind the cloaked man. "You have one last chance. Leave Fu Chu and Xiao Yun behind, or else, you will all die!"
"In your dreams!" Xiao Yun's voice came from behind.
The others did not say anything. They had already come this far, and it was impossible for them to retreat …
"Is that so …" The black-robed man sneered. With a wave of his hand, the black robe on his body was removed, revealing his original appearance.
It was a tall and sturdy young man with a shocking scar on his nose.
After the young man removed his black robe, the other black-robed men on the roof also removed their black robes. For the warden's clan, this was the signal for a battle.
"Since you don't want to seize this last chance, then you will be buried together with these two …"
Whoosh!
As soon as he finished speaking, the butterflies behind the young man fluttered and dashed toward the group.
"You guys deal with the two sides!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng took the lead and rushed forward.
These black-robed men all had the favor of the Ancient God, which was the azure energy.
According to what Xiao Yun had said, everyone received different blessings. From the looks of it, the dense swarm of butterflies in front of them was the greatest threat. He could not allow them to get too close. Therefore, Luo Zheng had no choice but to make the first move!
"Release the arrows!"
Ming Wei squinted her eyes and ordered.
The exiles held their crossbows and aimed at the two sides of the house. They had already pulled the trigger.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Sharp arrows flew, forcing the warden's clansmen to lower their bodies.
All the arrows hit the rubble, and a series of crashing sounds could be heard …
"There is no way back. If we don't fight, we will die. Everyone, go!"
Ming Wei's clear voice could be heard.
She knew that these Aragami and even some of the exiles were a little timid.
This was because the wardens were fighting with their lives on the line. Their only goal was to escape from this world.
However, this contradiction was irreconcilable. At this moment, there was no other choice but to fight with their lives on the line!
She could only tell everyone that they had to be prepared to die …
After saying that, Ming Wei held the ring blade in her hand and lightly stepped on the ground with the tip of her foot. With a flip, she landed on the roof with an extremely beautiful posture.
Although she had taken an arrow to her collarbone, the injury was not serious.
Now that she was facing the warden's family, she did not dare to be careless. She could only lead everyone to fight!
"Sect Leader Ming Wei is right. We have no way out!"
One of the Aragami from the Nuwa Clan said loudly and followed Ming Wei up to the roof.
But the moment she rushed up, a black-robed man on the roof sneered and put his hands together. Under the blue light, a big axe appeared out of thin air and chopped down on her head.
"Die!"
"Pfff …"
The big axe that was transformed from blue energy was almost indestructible.
Moreover, this Aragami was just a mortal body. She did not even have time to react before she was chopped in half. Blood dripped down from the sky and splashed all over the ground.
"Shi Ling!"
Seeing this, the people of the Nuwa Clan were stunned for a moment. When they came to their senses, they were instantly devastated.
"Kill them!"
"Fight with them …"
"…"
The people of the Nuwa Clan were envious.
As for the others, perhaps they were a little timid before this. However, when they saw how miserable Shi Ling of the Nuwa Clan was, they finally understood what it meant to have no way out!
If they wanted to live, they could only fight with their lives on the line.
On this single-plank bridge, there was a bottomless abyss on both sides. Only one side could pass through!
"Kill!"
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
More people rushed up to the roofs on both sides.
There was also the sound of arrows being shot out. Blue light began to shine on the roofs as well …
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
A dense swarm of butterflies fluttered into the air like a rain of flowers filling the sky.
The burly man from the warden's clan raised his hands. His ten fingers formed a claw as he made a gesture of enveloping Luo Zheng.
Therefore, all the butterflies turned into a huge cage and enveloped Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was sprinting at an extremely fast speed. Seeing that the cage was about to envelop him, he suddenly took an extremely awkward step and almost fell to the ground.
However, with the strength of his waist, he only staggered for a moment before he stabilized himself. At the same time, he also avoided the cage.
Swoosh!
The longsword in Luo Zheng's hand shook slightly and pierced towards the burly man.
A hint of surprise flashed in the burly man's eyes. He did not expect this young man in front of him to be so agile.
However, he did not intend to retreat. The butterflies that had turned into a cage were quickly disrupted and turned into a curtain in front of him. At the same time, it enveloped Luo Zheng.
In the face of this "curtain" formed by butterflies, Luo Zheng had no choice but to retreat.
After moving a few steps sideways, he once again looked for a gap to close in. However, those butterflies were really too agile. When he finally managed to create a gap and wanted to attack, those butterflies were always one step ahead of him.
Luo Zheng tried seven or eight times in a row. He circled around the burly man three times. Several times, his longsword was only a foot away from the burly man. However, those butterflies blotted out the sky and covered the earth. Luo Zheng had no choice but to retreat.
"Is that all you've got?"
A sneer appeared on the burly man's face. Then he flicked his fingers. Those azure butterflies, with him as the center, began to flutter chaotically. They began to scatter without any pattern and collided everywhere!
If these butterflies maintained a certain pattern, Luo Zheng could easily avoid them.
However, now that all the butterflies were moving without any pattern, Luo Zheng could not avoid them. He could only cautiously move around. However, he had to be overcautious. For a moment, it was extremely dangerous.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng could not use the "Eight Turns Flying Smoke". Otherwise, these butterflies would not be able to touch him even if he closed his eyes …
Puff!
Luo Zheng kept retreating. The burly man controlled the butterflies to close in on him.
As he kept dodging, Luo Zheng felt a sharp pain in his right leg. An azure butterfly had streaked across the outside of his thigh, leaving behind a thumb-sized wound.
Because of this injury, Luo Zheng's body slowed down. Countless butterflies had already covered his head.
"Die." The burly man stood there.

Chapter 2241
When the butterflies completely enveloped Luo Zheng, the burly man's gaze shifted away from Luo Zheng.
His name was Lou Di, and he was one of the core members of the warden's tribe.
This time, Lou Di, Lou Bing, and Bai Shehuan would be the ones leading the battle against the invaders.
In fact, according to the original plan, Bai Shehuan and Lou Bing would lead the tribe to surround the invaders and block their escape route. Then, Lou Bing would control the blue Caged Butterflies to reap the lives of the invaders.
However, as soon as the two sides started to fight, Luo Zheng rushed up alone and blocked Lou Di's path, interrupting their plan.
After confirming that Luo Zheng was dead for sure, he was more concerned about the situation in front of him. He shouldn't waste time on this young man …
However, just as he shifted his gaze away, a green light flickered from the corner of his eye!
The Truth Crystal in Luo Zheng's hand once again dyed his longsword green.
Facing the approaching butterflies, Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and lightly flicked the longsword in his hand.
"Bang!"
The green sword tip touched the butterflies, producing a crisp sound. The blue butterflies immediately exploded and disappeared …
After piercing the first butterfly, Luo Zheng's longsword was like a snake's tongue, immediately retracting as soon as it pierced out.
"Crackle crackle crackle crackle …"
In the blink of an eye, the butterflies that were pouncing forward were all blown up by Luo Zheng's longsword.
After the butterflies formed a hole in the cage, Luo Zheng rushed out and went straight for Lou Di!
"What …"
Lou Di was a little stunned when he saw this scene.
While he was stunned, Luo Zheng's longsword was already heading straight for his face!
Lou Di's reaction was extremely fast.
His body abruptly leaned backward, and he quickly retreated.
"Swish!"
Even so, Luo Zheng's sword tip brushed past his forehead, leaving a shallow cut of blood.
How could Luo Zheng give up on such an opportunity?
With one sword in the middle, the other sword followed suit!
Lou Di looked at Luo Zheng's sword light, and her eyes were filled with fear. This was a matter of life and death. If she wasn't careful, she might lose her life under this guy's sword!
He gritted his teeth and waved his hands. Blue light flickered on his fingertips and a series of butterflies flew out!
"Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah …"
Luo Zheng had no choice but to use his sword to blow up these butterflies. Because of this, he slowed down his pursuit of Lou Di, giving Lou Di a chance to catch her breath.
Even so, the two of them were still chasing after each other.
With one retreating and the other advancing, the two quickly rushed from the front of the street to the middle of the street.
Meanwhile, the warden's family was currently engaged in a fierce battle with the exiles and the Aragami …
Swish!
A black ray whistled and nailed the leg of a warden.
The black-robed man tumbled down from the roof and fell to the ground!
"Go!"
The few Aragami immediately swarmed forward.
The leader of the Aragami was holding a curved halberd. He leaped up and nailed the black-robed man to the ground.
The other Aragami were holding all kinds of weapons in their hands as they struck the black-robed man with their heads.
In the blink of an eye, the black-robed man from the warden's family was cut into pieces!
On the right side of the roof …
Three exiles had just jumped up. Before they could even stand still, three blue lights flashed in front of their eyes.
The blue energy transformed into three flying daggers and nailed them in the chest.
Not far away, a brown-haired woman's eyes were cold. In her hand, there were blue flying daggers arranged in a fan shape. She held them in her hand neatly.
"Break."
The brown-haired woman finally spat out a word.
The flying daggers that were stabbed in the chest of the three exiles instantly shattered into countless tiny fragments and spread out from the chest of the three exiles.
These fragments could be said to be indestructible. In an instant, the organs of the three exiles were riddled with holes …
The brown-haired woman was Lou Bing from the warden's family.
Seeing her family members dying one after another, she was also heartbroken. It was difficult for her to accept such a tragic scene.
The warden's family lived in this space peacefully. They were extremely safe and did not fight with the world at all.
The only battle in their history was the civil war between the liberal party and the conservative party. However, it was far less tragic than this. After all, this battle was almost related to the survival of the warden's family.
Just when she was about to attack again, she suddenly heard a gust of wind.
Her expression changed. She quickly lowered her head and turned her body.
"Whoosh! “
A circular blade swept past her back. If she was slightly slower, she would have been caught in the circular blade and her body would have been cut in half.
As Lou Bing dodged the circular blade, the few blue flying daggers in her hand were also thrown out.
Behind her, Ming Wei's eyes were calm. She twisted her body slightly, planning to pass through the gap between the flying daggers and take Lou Bing's life!
Ming Wei was extremely experienced in battle. Even though she had lost all her cultivation, she could use all the advantages she had. She would not give Lou Bing a chance to escape.
However, just as the flying daggers flew out, Lou Bing opened her mouth and said, "Break!"
All the flying daggers instantly shattered into countless blue fragments, blocking in front of Ming Wei.
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Lou Bing quickly distanced herself.
"Ming Wei of the Nuwa Clan," Lou Bing said coldly as she stared at Ming Wei.
The warden's family often sent clones to patrol the bone pagoda. They were also very familiar with the exiles. She did not expect Ming Wei to find her silently.
"What a pity …" Ming Wei smiled faintly. With that, she gently turned the circular blade in her hand. The circular blade was covered in blood. She had already killed six black-robed people just now.
"Hmph!"
Lou Bing raised her hand. The blue light continued to condense, once again transforming into tiny flying daggers.
Even though she had the favor of the Primal Chaos Ancient God, she still felt pressured when facing Ming Wei. However, this did not mean that she did not have the confidence to kill Ming Wei.
Just as the two of them were about to fight …
Suddenly, a series of explosive sounds came from below. This strange sound immediately attracted the attention of the two people.
"Luo Zheng!"
Ming Wei saw Luo Zheng, sword in hand, chasing after Lou Di.
What was even more peculiar was that the sword in Luo Zheng's hand was enveloped in a strange energy. After this energy protected the sword, it shattered the butterflies one by one.
"Big brother!"
Seeing this scene, Lou Bing's face was filled with anxiety.
Lou Bing had thought that Lou Di would quickly finish off Luo Zheng and then quickly come to her rescue.
She had not expected that this brat would be closing in on her step by step. Seeing her brother like this, she was afraid that if he was not careful, he would be killed by that brat. Naturally, she was extremely worried.
Lou Bing did not hesitate at all. She turned around and threw several flying daggers at Ming Wei.

Chapter 2242
The flying daggers exploded in all directions. Ming Wei retreated a few steps, her gaze still fixed on Luo Zheng.
She had long suspected that Luo Zheng had some special methods.
Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to deal with the exiles sent by Yan Hai so easily.
But Ming Wei didn't expect Luo Zheng to be able to break through the restriction of 'All Lives Equal'!
That green energy wasn't very strong, but Ming Wei felt that it was very mysterious.
This guy really couldn't be seen through …
She was stunned for a moment. Seeing Lou Bing rush down, she tapped her toes and was about to jump down from the roof. She naturally wouldn't allow Lou Bing to go up and mess things up.
But just as Ming Wei jumped up, an azure whip whizzed over!
"Whoosh!"
This whip was very fierce. It directly pulled a deep groove out of the roof's debris and headed straight for Ming Wei.
Ming Wei frowned.
She naturally couldn't use her mortal body to resist this whip. She could only twist and stay on the roof.
"Your opponent should be me, heh heh heh." Another black-robed man held an azure whip and blocked Ming Wei's path …
Luo Zheng's sword speed became faster and faster, more and more accurate.
Even though Lou Di frantically summoned countless butterflies, it was a futile effort. Those butterflies had just condensed when they were blown up by Luo Zheng's sword. Every strike was so accurate that it made one's hair stand on end.
This sword in Luo Zheng's hand was like Luo Zheng's fingers. He had already reached the point where he could do as he pleased.
"What a powerful swordsmanship. How did this guy appear …"
Lou Di was secretly complaining in his heart.
In his opinion, only a few leaders among these exiles were difficult to provoke, such as Elder Jin, Ming Wei, and the others.
Although these people were powerful, they weren't much under the restriction of 'All Lives Equal'. As long as he defeated them one by one, they were destined to be able to stop these intruders. After all, they had the grace of their master.
But now this guy had suddenly appeared. He didn't know what method he had used, but he had also broken through the restriction of 'All Lives Equal'. What the hell was this!
Lou Di had ten thousand questions in his heart, but he didn't have the chance to ask. Right now, he only hoped to save his life!
Seeing that Luo Zheng was getting closer and closer to her, Lou Di had no better way to stop him.
This brat's sword was like a black hole, firmly sucking him in. No matter what, he couldn't get rid of it …
Swish!
Luo Zheng finally arrived in front of Lou Di. He suddenly raised the long sword in his hand and chopped down. The emerald green sword light appeared spontaneously.
"Die!"
This slash was too close for Lou Di to dodge. His heart sank. He knew that he would lose his life here. Just as he was about to close his eyes and wait for death, "Xiu! Xiu! Xiu!" Three more whistling sounds reached his ears.
Three azure throwing knives flew past his head and his ears, heading straight for Luo Zheng!
How could Luo Zheng let go of the opportunity to kill Lou Di?
Even when he saw the three flying daggers, he had no intention of backing down …
"Ding!"
In the process of slashing, the long sword shattered the first flying dagger and fell heavily towards Lou Di's head.
However, the other two flying daggers actually exploded at this moment …
Countless fine blue fragments sputtered in all directions.
If Luo Zheng hadn't dodged, he would have been seriously injured by the numerous fragments!
"Troublesome!"
In desperation, Luo Zheng could only choose to withdraw his sword and retreat a few steps to avoid the fragments.
Because of this, Lou Di was finally able to escape from Luo Zheng's pursuit and keep his life.
"Huchi, huchi …"
Lou Di felt exhausted. Her heart was beating rapidly and she was gasping for air.
"Brother, are you okay?"
Lou Bing walked in front of Lou Di and stood side by side with him.
"I'm fine. If it weren't for you saving me, I would have died under that brat's sword." Lou Di was also very excited after escaping from death.
"What's the matter with him? The green energy on his sword … where did it come from?" Lou Bing looked at Luo Zheng not far away, her eyes full of doubts.
Whether it was her brother's "Caged Butterfly" or her "Cracked Blade", they were all the favor of their master. Only the favor of their master had the right to ignore the equality of all living beings.
The face of the young man in front of her was extremely unfamiliar. He was probably not a famous person in the bone tower. How could he ignore the restriction of equality of all living beings?
"I'm not sure. Maybe something went wrong with the equality of all living beings …" Although Lou Di said so, he didn't believe it himself.
The equality of all living beings was set up by their master. Who was their master? It was impossible for him to make such a mistake.
"No matter what, let's kill him together first!" Lou Bing's eyes were filled with murderous intent.
Both sides had been fighting for so long. Overall, the warden family had a certain advantage. At least, the number of Aragami and Exiles that died was more than the number of the warden family …
However, they had to deal with the elites of these invaders.
At first, Lou Bing set her target as Ming Wei. However, when her brother was in danger, she now set her target as the nameless young man in front of her.
Luo Zheng placed his long sword in front of his chest. Hearing the conversation between the siblings, his eyes revealed a faint light.
Screams and wails could be heard coming from around him.
Some of the Aragami and Exiles were being killed by the warden family …
Although Luo Zheng was not familiar with these people, they were still his comrades after all. He also understood that he had to end the battle as soon as possible!
"Go!"
Lou Bing shouted. Blue flying daggers were launched straight at Luo Zheng.
At the same time, countless butterflies flew out from Lou Di's hand. As they fluttered in the air, they followed the path of the flying daggers.
Facing the attack of the siblings, Luo Zheng moved his feet slightly. His body moved like a ghost to the side. After circling around half a circle, he found a gap and rushed towards the siblings.
Lou Di and Lou Bing cooperated with each other very well. The two of them pulled away from each other calmly. However, at the same time, they looked after each other and formed an angle …
If Luo Zheng rushed towards Lou Di, he would face Lou Bing's attack. Vice versa.
Meanwhile, as the angle was getting bigger and bigger, the siblings had unknowingly surrounded Luo Zheng!
Swoosh swoosh swoosh!
Luo Zheng swung his long sword. Streaks of green swords formed an impenetrable wall, protecting him within. He was also feeling very depressed as he was unknowingly trapped by the siblings.
Lou Bing's hands were constantly waving. Flying daggers were launched at Luo Zheng one after another. She glanced at the side and said with a smile, "Bai Shehuan, you've come at the right time! Quickly lend us a hand and kill this brat! "
The battle between Luo Zheng and the Lou siblings had attracted the attention of many people.
After all, Lou Bing and Lou Di were the core members of the warden family. And now, Bai Shehuan wanted to join the battle?
The people of the warden family felt that it was unbelievable! Even Ming Wei did not receive such treatment under the Equality of All Beings, right? Who was that young man with the sword?

Chapter 2243
On the other side of the roof stood a skinny young man. This young man was the Bai Shehuan that Lou Bing spoke of.
Bai Shehuan's left hand was holding a head. This head belonged to the Fire Meld Tribe's Exile, Cao Huan.
Cao Huan's position in the Fire Meld Tribe was like Ming Wei's position in the Nuwa Tribe and Elder Jin's position in the Chi You Tribe. Even after 'All Lives Equal', his strength was unquestionable.
Now, his head had been cut off by Bai Shehuan!
In Bai Shehuan's right hand, there was a thick heavy sword. The surface of the heavy sword was rippling with blue light, emitting a terrifying energy wave.
Behind Bai Shehuan, there were four Exiles. The Chi You Tribe's Chi Yi and Fu Er were among them.
Chi Yi and Fu Er, who were originally incomparably brave, had several wounds on their bodies. They looked at Bai Shehuan with vigilance and caution. Now, Bai Shehuan was a great enemy to them!
The strength that Bai Shehuan displayed was far more powerful than the other black-robed people.
Cao Huan of the Fire Meld Tribe was killed by him because he underestimated his enemy.
Even with Chi Yi and the others restraining him, he had killed more than ten Aragami and five to six Exiles along the way.
Originally, Bai Shehuan, Chi Yi, and Fu Er were in the midst of a fierce battle. He probably noticed the commotion on Luo Zheng's side and took the initiative to withdraw from the battle and rushed to the side of the street.
"Oh? Lou Bing, you actually have a time to beg me? "Bai Shehuan, who was standing on the roof, said condescendingly.
Among the Warden Clan's younger generation, Lou Bing and Lou Di were in the limelight.
However, in terms of strength, whether it was Lou Bing or Lou Di, there was a large gap between them and Bai Shehuan.
However, Bai Shehuan's personality was cold and eccentric. He did not have a good relationship with others in the Warden Tribe.
Most importantly, the Lou family was the largest family in the warden's family. Even the patriarch was from the Lou family.
Because of this, Bai Shehuan's relationship with this pair of siblings wasn't very good.
"What time is it now? Cut the crap! Can't you see that this guy is different from the others? "Lou Bing said sternly.
Now that their clan was facing a matter of life and death, why would they care about those personal grudges?
Bai Shehuan sized up Luo Zheng a few times. Looking at the green light that was constantly circulating on Luo Zheng's arm, his eyes flashed with a hint of light. Soon after, he said, "Interesting, this kid actually broke through the limit of All Lives Equal!"
Then, he chuckled coldly and casually threw the head in his hand away. Then, he jumped down. The surface of the heavy sword in his hand emitted an azure light. It drew a wide arc in the air and chopped down towards Luo Zheng's head!
Luo Zheng was already under a lot of pressure facing the siege of Lou Bing and Lou Di.
Now that Bai Shehuan had joined the battle, the pressure on him would increase by several folds!
Facing Bai Shehuan's chop, Luo Zheng's body suddenly shrunk. At the same time, he shattered Lou Di's butterfly and Lou Bing's throwing knife. Then, he gathered all the strength in his body and poured it into his sword.
"Whoosh!"
His long sword flicked upwards and clashed with Bai Shehuan's heavy sword.
Bai Shehuan's chop from top to bottom was naturally extremely ferocious as it carried the momentum of descending.
However, Luo Zheng's long sword flicked upwards and used his strength to the extreme. The instant his long sword and Bai Shehuan's heavy sword came into contact, the sword's body gradually increased from light to heavy. It actually managed to forcibly reduce the strength of the heavy sword's chop by more than half.
Taking advantage of the moment when Bai Shehuan landed, Luo Zheng's long sword swung crookedly. He actually borrowed the force of the heavy sword and forcibly pushed the aggressive Bai Shehuan back a few steps, buying himself some time to catch his breath!
"Luo Zheng! What an ingenious swordsmanship … "
Even Fu Er and the others gasped in amazement when they saw this scene.
If it wasn't for the principle of All Lives Equal, Luo Zheng's method wouldn't even be considered a "small trick" in the eyes of the exiles.
However, in everyone's eyes, it could be said to be a divine skill!
"Let's go help Luo Zheng!"
"How can we let Luo Zheng fight one against three!"
"Stop that pair of siblings!"
How could Chi Yi and the others let Luo Zheng face three people by himself?
However, just as they moved, several black-robed people from the warden's clan rushed forward and blocked their path …
Bai Shehuan was forced back by Luo Zheng's ingenious sword. His eyes were filled with surprise.
"I told you not to be careless. This kid isn't easy to deal with!" Lou Di said.
"Is that so?"
Bai Shehuan didn't seem to care at all. Carrying his heavy sword, he rushed towards Luo Zheng again.
Purely based on martial skills, Bai Shehuan was inferior to Luo Zheng.
However, when the siblings Lou Bing and Lou Di worked together, it was like a large net was imprisoning Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had to first tear apart the large net before he could deal with Bai Shehuan's multiple sword strikes. He had just forced Bai Shehuan back a few steps when the large net closed up and trapped him again!
When Chi Yi, Fu Er, and the other exiles saw this scene, their hearts were burning with anxiety.
They didn't know how Luo Zheng was able to surpass the restriction of All Lives Equal. However, Luo Zheng was probably the only one who could face the warden's clan head on.
Even people as strong as Chi Yi and Fu Er were extremely wary of the azure energy.
After all, the weapons they were using were only ordinary weapons. If they were careless and touched the azure energy, their weapons would instantly shatter. They wouldn't be able to block it at all …
Only Luo Zheng could rely on that green lustrous light to fight them head on!
It could be said that Luo Zheng's current performance was enough to make him the hope of the exiles!
However, they were being held back by the black-robed people. How could they help Luo Zheng?
It wasn't just them. Ming Wei was the same. After the warden's clan obtained the favor of the Primal Chaos Ancient God, they had a huge advantage in terms of strength.
Lou Di and Lou Bing became calmer and calmer. Especially Lou Bing's throwing knives. They turned into streaks of light and shot towards Luo Zheng's weak points. Every single one of them was fatal.
Although Lou Di's butterflies were slow, there were many of them. They flew in strange trajectories and were impossible to guard against!
As for Bai Shehuan, he passed through the gaps deliberately left by the siblings and occasionally delivered fatal blows to Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng had neutralized Bai Shehuan's attacks several times, he was still surrounded by danger. In the end, he was forced into a corner.
"It's about time," Bai Shehuan said indifferently.
At this moment, Bai Shehuan looked at Luo Zheng. He no longer looked down on him.
Even against the most powerful exiles, Bai Shehuan was confident that he could defeat them. However, this brat in front of him was actually able to block the attacks of the three of them.
Bai Shehuan was very clear that if it was a one on one, he definitely wouldn't be Luo Zheng's match.
Hearing Bai Shehuan's words, Lou Bing spread out her hands. Specks of blue light condensed and turned into more than ten throwing knives. They turned into streaks of blue light and shot towards Luo Zheng!
Lou Di's eyes flashed. Those azure butterflies fluttered even faster. They continuously danced and formed a storm that closed in on Luo Zheng …
The brother and sister both used their full strength!

Chapter 2244
Bai Shehuan had used all his strength in this attack.
Now, this strange kid had nowhere to retreat and could only take this attack head-on. Bai Shehuan did not believe that he could still struggle at death's door.
"Crackle, crackle, crackle …"
Luo Zheng tried his best to deal with Lou Bing and Lou Di's attacks.
Although his expression was calm, the pressure he was facing was extraordinarily great!
Seeing Bai Shehuan approaching with the heavy sword in his hand, Luo Zheng flicked his sword up and down, cutting through countless butterflies and flying daggers. Then, he swung his sword in a crooked manner.
The tip of his sword pointed at Bai Shehuan's heavy sword.
Luo Zheng's sword technique was still as ingenious as before. However, the enemy he was facing now was not those warriors from the lower realm of Huan Yu.
Bai Shehuan ignored Luo Zheng's sword and directly smashed it.
"Clang!"
When Luo Zheng's sword and the heavy sword collided, he felt a huge force crushing him. He stretched out his hand to grab the heavy sword. The sword flew out of his hand and nailed into the ground not far away.
Facing the unarmed Luo Zheng, Bai Shehuan no longer hesitated and raised his heavy sword high up again.
At this moment, on the other side of the roof, Ming Wei was rushing over at full speed.
"Pa, pa, pa …"
Streaks of azure blue whip shadows exploded behind Ming Wei.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was forced into a corner, she clenched her teeth and went around the black-cloaked man blocking her. She was about to rescue him!
Ming Wei was like a nimble swallow. She jumped high up in the air. Her extremely elastic body was as taut as a bow. As she stretched her body, the ring blade in her hand shot toward Bai Shehuan!
At the same time, at the back of the street, Elder Jin was also running with his large blade.
According to the previous agreement, Elder Jin was in charge of protecting Ming Wei and Fu Chu. Therefore, after the battle with the warden family started, Elder Jin escorted the pair of siblings to the back.
Compared to Ming Wei, Elder Jin could not tolerate Luo Zheng dying here.
As he rushed over, he threw out the saber in his hand.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The broad and thick broadsword flew over the heads of the people who were fighting and headed straight for Bai Shehuan.
"Oh?"
Bai Shehuan's dead fish eyes blinked as a sneer appeared at the corner of his mouth.
He raised his hand and waved it behind him.
The blade that Ming Wei had shot out was instantly broken into two …
After chopping down the ring blade, Bai Shehuan swung his heavy sword and heavily chopped down on the large blade that Jin Lao had thrown at him.
"Clang!"
The surface of the broadsword was directly cut into two halves and fell to the ground.
Such an ordinary weapon would not be able to withstand the energy attached to the heavy sword. This was the grace bestowed by the primal chaos ancient god.
"What a waste of effort!"
After Bai Shehuan said this, he turned around to face Luo Zheng.
He felt like he was an executioner, leisurely taking the life of the kid in front of him, and the exiles were powerless to stop him.
Speaking of which …
The ones who attacked just now seemed to be Elder Jin of the Chiyou Clan and Ming Wei of the Nuwa Clan.
These two were probably the most powerful exiles in this world. Since they were so nervous about this kid, it seemed that this kid was indeed very important.
"Die. No one can save you now," Bai Shehuan said indifferently.
"Whoosh …"
The blue light on the surface of the heavy sword in his hand formed circles of spirals. It looked like the heavy sword had turned into a spear and was attacking Luo Zheng directly.
If this spear pierced through, no matter who it was, they would die without a doubt. Their body would probably be minced to pieces by that energy …
"If you don't attack now, you won't have a chance to attack anymore …"
On the bone plate in Luo Zheng's chest, 9527 finally could not help but remind Luo Zheng.
After condensing the Truth Crystal, with the help of 9527, he had mastered the most basic use of the Truth Crystal, the Falling Star Hand.
To be honest, the Falling Star Hand was not really the most basic use.
For example, Luo Zheng had directly melted the Truth Cube Crystal and fused it into his arm and sword. This was the most basic usage of it.
Therefore, 9527 had always been somewhat dissatisfied and did not know why Luo Zheng had done this.
But Luo Zheng naturally had his own considerations.
He did not know how strong the warden clan was. If he could only rely on the energy of the Truth Crystal to deal with them, he naturally did not want to casually use a trump card like the Falling Star Hand.
What's more, just relying on the energy of the Truth Crystal and his own martial arts was enough for the journey.
But now, Luo Zheng also knew that he had no other choice.
When he raised his head, a square Truth Crystal had already formed in his hand, and it was glowing with a jade-green light.
With a thought from him, the Truth Square Crystal began to rotate slowly.
"Falling Star Hand …"
"Hum …"
In that instant, the speed of the Truth Crystal's rotation suddenly increased by countless times.
At the same time, an identical vortex appeared above everyone's head, but this vortex was ten times larger. From the vortex appeared a green dot of light!
"Whoosh!"
The dot of light was incubated in the vortex for a while, and under Luo Zheng's gentle wave of his hand, it fell down of its own accord.
After the warden clan obtained the favor of the Ruin, they basically used it in the most superficial way.
Just like Luo Zheng before, they only used this energy as a weapon …
This was probably the original intention of the Ruin, because the azure light summoned by the warden clan seemed to be unable to change other forms.
For example, the two sharp blades of the Lou woman, Lou Di's Caged Butterfly, and Lou Bing's flying daggers.
Perhaps the Ruin thought that the warden clan could rely on this "favor" to resist the Invaders.
The only one who could change the form of this blue energy was Bai Shehuan, who wielded a heavy sword.
However, Bai Shehuan's ability to change the form was very limited. He could only control this energy to a certain extent, and could not do as he pleased. He could not activate this energy and use it in his God Art either …
But Luo Zheng used a God Art.
In order to cultivate the Falling Star Hand, Luo Zheng spent a lot of time.
However, the power produced in the end disappointed Luo Zheng quite a bit … …
If what 9527 said was true, if this' Falling Star Hand 'was released by' this lord ', there would be tens of millions of stars falling. The power of each star would be incomparably great and could destroy the world in a short period of time.
However, that required a lot of Truth Crystals. For the current Luo Zheng, it was obviously impossible.
This dot of light could not even kill an ordinary Aragami, so it was not practical at all. Luo Zheng had never shown it in front of others.
However, after "All Lives Equal", everyone was equal to mortals. This Falling Star Hand was probably the only God Art that could be used.
At this moment, this impractical God Art became extremely terrifying … …

Chapter 2245
When Elder Jin saw the saber he had thrown out being cut in half, his heart began to sink.
Luo Zheng's identity was too important to the Chiyou Clan.
Elder Jin didn't want Luo Zheng to take too many risks. He was more willing to protect Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng's performance after All Lives Equal was too outstanding, so he couldn't dissuade him too much.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng really did display some amazing skills and led everyone into the city.
However, after facing the warden's clan, they were still trapped in a desperate situation. If Elder Jin had known earlier, he wouldn't have brought Luo Zheng into this space even if he was beaten to death.
Just as Elder Jin was at his wit's end, a whirlpool suddenly appeared in the sky.
"This divine ability …"
The starlight shone into Elder Jin's old eyes and flickered with a green radiance.
After Ming Wei threw out the ring blade, her whole body soared into the sky and hooked onto a beam on one side of the roof. Just like that, she hung in the air with one hand.
At this moment, she was naturally very anxious.
However, even someone as powerful as Ming Wei was unable to do anything under All Lives Equal, even if she had thousands of tricks and tens of thousands of divine abilities.
"You can only rely on yourself, little guy …" Ming Wei muttered in her heart.
She believed in miracles because the process of her growth was a miracle. She believed that Luo Zheng was also a miracle.
The result didn't disappoint Ming Wei. Under the illumination of the light, a faint smile appeared on her face.
Bai Shehuan didn't expect Luo Zheng to use this move at all!
The sword he was originally determined to win was only a foot or so away from Luo Zheng, but under the starlight, it already smashed down, smashing right in front of Luo Zheng, smashing into Bai Shehuan's heavy sword.
"Boom!"
The instant the starlight hit the heavy sword, all of the blue energy quickly spread out and the sword in Bai Shehuan's hand instantly broke.
Even Bai Shehuan's right hand, which was holding the heavy sword, emitted a "crack" sound. He couldn't move his hand away from the sword hilt. Under the huge pressure, his arm was fractured.
After the starlight shattered the heavy sword, it smashed into the ground, forming a black crater the size of a watermelon. The bottom of the crater could not be seen.
Bai Shehuan looked at this scene with a dazed expression. He even ignored the pain from his broken arm …
"Who will save you now?"
Luo Zheng stared at Bai Shehuan and smiled. He raised his right hand again.
Another Truth Crystal was formed, and it began to spin rapidly.
Another green vortex appeared in the sky, and a speck of starlight was born.
When Bai Shehuan realized that something was wrong, he did not hesitate and quickly retreated.
However, it was already too late. That speck of starlight was falling at an extremely fast speed.
If everyone had a cultivation base and wasn't treated as All Life Equal, there was still a chance for them to dodge. However, as mortals, there was no way for them to dodge.
Boom!
That speck of starlight smashed down, crushing half of his shoulder. When the starlight fell to the ground and exploded, it had already swallowed his entire body.
Bai Shehuan had fallen!
In the distance, Lou Di and Lou Bing's eyes were filled with fear. Their undulating chests indicated that the siblings were uneasy.
Although they were not on good terms with Bai Shehuan, they were still heartbroken when they saw their comrade die so tragically …
More importantly, even Bai Shehuan had been killed by this brat. Who could stop Luo Zheng now?
Their clan had no way out …
Even if they knew that they were no match for him, Lou Bing and Lou Di were the leaders. They could not retreat, let alone escape!
"Big brother!"
Lou Bing's eyes flickered with determination.
Lou Di also nodded …
Before the battle, they had already made up their minds to fight to the death.
Even now, the warden clan might not necessarily lose. However, the prerequisite was that they had to kill this brat. Even if they had to sacrifice their lives, they would not hesitate.
Sou!
Sou!
The two of them started to run around Luo Zheng. At the same time, they pushed the blue energy to the limit.
Swish swish swish swish …
As Lou Bing ran, the throwing knives drew a white line and went straight for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had already escaped from the 'cage' created by the siblings. How could he repeat the same mistake?
He leaped to the right and charged towards Lou Bing!
"Bing-er!"
Lou Di was shocked when she saw this scene. While rushing over, she controlled the butterflies to surround Luo Zheng.
As Luo Zheng dashed forward, he picked up the long sword that was stabbed into the ground by the side of the road.
Under the flickering green light, the butterflies were quickly blown up by him. The distance between him and Lou Bing was quickly shortened!
Lou Bing clenched her teeth and made up her mind. Instead of retreating, she rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"Break!"
As she rushed towards Luo Zheng, the throwing knives in her hands exploded at the same time, forming a mess of fragments that flew towards Luo Zheng.
If Luo Zheng was hit by these fragments, he would be turned into a sieve.
Lou Di rushed over from behind Luo Zheng and summoned a large number of butterflies to surround him again …
This time, Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He suddenly stopped and waved his hand.
Swish!
A speck of starlight fell towards Lou Di's head.
Lou Di had seen the power of this green starlight. When he saw Luo Zheng wave his hand, his heart thumped and he jumped back.
He was luckier than Bai Shehuan in that he managed to avoid the falling starlight.
However, as he dodged the starlight, a throwing knife as thin as a cicada's wing came straight for him.
Before he could land on the ground, his neck was slit by the flying knife. Blood gushed out and he knelt on the ground. He held his neck and rolled around. This kind of injury was fatal for a mortal.
"Brother!"
Lou Bing's young and inexperienced face began to distort. Her pain was self-evident.
In a fit of rage, Lou Bing rushed towards Luo Zheng with two throwing knives in her hands.
How could Lou Bing be Luo Zheng's opponent in close combat?
He danced in the air and stabbed out with his sword several times, shattering the throwing knives in Lou Bing's hands. Finally, he pointed his sword at her forehead.
"Sorry …"
Lou Bing's actions were equivalent to seeking death. Luo Zheng saw helplessness in the eyes of this pair of siblings.
In a situation where they were on different sides, Luo Zheng could only choose to kill. There was no right or wrong in this war.
After Luo Zheng killed Lou Bing, Lou Di, and Bai Shehuan, the situation of the warden clan took a turn for the worse.
These three people were the leaders of the warden clan's three squads. With their deaths, the morale of the remaining warden clan members plummeted. How could they be willing to continue fighting?
Soon, the black-robed people were on the verge of collapsing. They either fled or died …
The few black-robed people who persisted were quickly surrounded and killed.

Chapter 2246
Ming Wei tore a piece of cloth from one of the corpses and tied it to her shoulder.
She was whipped just now, and her arrowhead left a jagged wound on her shoulder.
In the past, she could heal this wound in the blink of an eye. There was no need to treat it at all.
But now, it could take her life!
After treating the wound, Ming Wei jumped down from the roof.
The other Exiles and the surviving Aragami also took the initiative to surround Luo Zheng.
Little Yun and Fu Chu, who were under protection, also followed them.
This battle was simply too tragic.
Three-quarters of the Aragami had fallen, and almost half of the Exiles had fallen.
However, almost two hundred people from the warden's clan had also been killed!
Everyone felt as if they had just survived a disaster. The way they looked at Luo Zheng had also changed.
If Luo Zheng had not fought against three of the warden's clansmen, Lou Bing, Lou Di, and Bai Shehuan, the result of this battle would have been hard to predict.
After all, Bai Shehuan alone was able to hold back a few Exiles. Among them, there was no lack of powerful people like Fu Er and Chi Yi.
Meanwhile, Lou Di was blocked by Luo Zheng from the start. If Lou Di was allowed to unleash her full strength and cooperate with the other black-robed people, it would be even more troublesome. The situation might be one-sided.
Then, the corpses lying on the ground now were all of them …
Slap!
Ming Wei patted Luo Zheng's shoulder heavily with a smile on her face. "Although I guessed a little, I didn't expect you to hide it so well!"
To be able to use such a divine ability under 'All Lives Equal' was indeed unbelievable!
Elder Jin followed the others and walked forward. With a thoughtful look, he smiled bitterly and said, "Let alone you, Ming Wei, even an old man like me didn't notice it."
In fact, Elder Jin had already figured it out.
After all, 'All Lives Equal' was a divine ability set up by a Chaos Ancient God. The rules set up by him were definitely not something that a little Luo Zheng could break.
The only possibility was Luo Zheng's bloodline …
This divine ability was most likely a bloodline divine ability of a Chaos Ancient God. That was why it could easily break the rules of another Chaos Ancient God and not be restricted by 'All Lives Equal'.
Elder Jin guessed it in his heart, but he naturally wouldn't say it out loud.
Elder Jin was happy to see that Luo Zheng was able to lead them forward. Other than feeling gratified, there was nothing else in his heart.
He even felt that no matter how bad the situation of the Li Clan was in the mother world, as long as Luo Zheng was here, there was still a glimmer of hope. If he could leave this place, he would definitely do his best to follow Luo Zheng, this young master.
In this battle, many people were seriously injured, and more than ten people were even missing an arm or a leg.
Those who were more seriously injured no longer had the ability to fight, so they could only stay here for now.
If he could remove All Lives Equal, his severed arms and legs could quickly grow back …
Ming Wei and the others' injuries were relatively light, so they could only use some ordinary medicine to treat their injuries. The effects of the treatment were naturally mediocre, so they didn't choose to move forward immediately. Instead, they stayed here to recuperate.
"Lou Di, Lou Bing, and Bai Shehuan are the backbone of the Conservative Faction. The rest of them definitely won't take the initiative to attack again. They will definitely defend the Altar of Equality. There's nothing to be afraid of." As Xiao Yun spoke, she glanced at Luo Zheng and smiled. "Moreover … we still have Luo Zheng!"
Xiao Yun had originally only hoped that Luo Zheng would act as a bridge to complete her revenge through the exiles.
She also didn't expect that this outsider would inexplicably become a great killing machine.
These all-powerful exiles actually turned around to rely on Luo Zheng. Thinking about it, it was somewhat inconceivable.
"Looks like we've already succeeded more than half!"
"We can finally return to the mother world …"
"It's all thanks to Luo Zheng!"
The exiles' eyes lit up, and hope was ignited. They were only one step away from success, so they couldn't help but feel excited.
Xiao Yun looked at the corpses of her clansmen around her, and there was a faint sadness in her expression.
She was the one who had caused this war. She was indeed a traitor of the warden's clan.
The conflict between the Conservative Faction and the Liberal Faction had developed to such an extent. This was not what Xiao Yun wanted to see.
But thinking of her parents who had died in humiliation, the sadness in Xiao Yun's eyes gradually faded. Perhaps all of this was fate.
After resting for a day, everyone moved forward again.
In fact, the place where they fought with the warden's clan was already very close to the core of the Altar of Equality. It was only a distance of seven to eight miles.
Just as Xiao Yun had judged, the warden's clan had already lost the courage to take the initiative to attack.
They didn't even send anyone to investigate the situation of the battle because there was no need.
The Altar of Equality that Xiao Yun mentioned was the circular plate in the center of the square.
Around the Altar of Equality, more than half of the neatly arranged life lamps had been extinguished. The warden's clansmen looked at the extinguished life lamps with all kinds of grief on their faces.
"Bai Shehuan, Lou Bing …"
The clan leader stood in front of the extinguished life lamps and muttered. His face was filled with pain as he closed his eyes.
Every extinguished life lamp represented the death of a clansman. With so many life lamps extinguished, it meant that the clansmen they had sent out had all been killed.
These clansmen were the warden's elites. If they were killed, it meant that the warden's clan had suffered a crushing defeat.
"Clan leader, we are still here!"
A black-robed man took off his black robe, revealing his white hair. This black-robed man was also very old.
"Yes, we can still fight! Under the Equality of All Beings, our strength is not weaker than Bai Shehuan and the others! "Another old man took off his black robe and stood out.
The clansmen that remained here were mostly the old, weak, sick, and disabled of the Conservative Faction. Under the Equality of All Beings, even the weakest person would be treated as equals. They were similar in strength to the strong. The only thing that affected them was their experience and martial skills …
"That's right …" The clan leader nodded. He struggled to open his eyes and gritted his teeth. "We can still fight!"
Then he walked over from the side of the Altar of Equality.
Not far away, the tomb keeper sat lazily against the wall.
"Defeated?"
The tomb keeper asked casually.
The clan leader nodded. "Yes."
The tomb keeper tilted his head and thought for a moment. "You have all obtained the favor of the Ruins. The so-called Equality of All Beings is actually not equal at all. They were actually able to defeat you. These exiles are not as simple as I thought …"
"They will be back soon. I hope that sire can lend a hand." The clan leader cupped his hands and said.
Previously, the clan leader could still place his hopes on Bai Shehuan and the others. Now, the tomb keeper seemed to be his only hope.

Chapter 2247
To the tomb keeper, the war with the warden clan did not have much to do with him.
At most, he was just a bystander.
With his status and true strength, the warden clan did not have the right to invite him out of seclusion.
After being imprisoned here for so long, he was unable to break through the tombstone and win the bet with "Ruin." These days were very boring.
He accepted the old patriarch's invitation with the mentality that something was better than nothing …
Even if the entire warden clan died tragically in front of him, he would not feel sad at all.
"Understood." The patriarch nodded.
Although he knew that the tomb keeper was terrifyingly powerful, he also knew that he could not place all his hopes on an outsider.
At this moment, he was already physically and mentally exhausted.
Perhaps it was time for him to be released from this battle with the Invaders.
Six hours later …
Luo Zheng and the others walked slowly on the dim road.
The colors in this space were obscure. When they turned around this road under Little Yun's guidance, they saw a round plate emitting blue light in the distance.
"That's the Altar of Equality," Little Yun said as she looked into the distance.
As she spoke, her gaze wandered to the side of the Altar of Equality. There was a light blue stone tablet on the side of the altar.
This stone tablet was the "prayer tablet" that Little Yun mentioned. The favor of the warden clan was bestowed through this prayer tablet.
If they could get close, Little Yun and Fu Chu would also be qualified to receive "Ruin's" favor.
"Will the equality of all beings disappear if we destroy the Altar of Equality?" Luo Zheng asked.
When Luo Zheng asked this question, the other exiles immediately pricked up their ears.
This was the question that they were most concerned about.
If it weren't for the fact that all lives were equal, any one of these exiles, even the weakest one, could easily crush the warden's family!
Now that they had been "equalized" to this extent, they were all very sullen.
After all, every exile was a Nirvana Realm powerhouse, but they were killed by the warden clan just like that. How could they bear it?
"Yes." Little Yun nodded.
Although the Altar of Equality was close at hand, the remaining members of the warden clan would definitely protect it with all their might. It would not be easy to destroy it.
When they walked another half a mile …
From both sides of the square, black-robed people continuously walked out, forming a barrier, blocking the path of the crowd.
An old man stood in front of the barrier.
At this moment, a curved black cane appeared in the old man's hand. At the end of the cane, a blue light constantly pulsated.
"Patriarch …"
Little Yun stopped.
Luo Zheng and the others also stopped …
"Little Yun." The Patriarch looked at her with a complicated expression.
There weren't many wardens, and they were all familiar with each other. They were like a small tribe, carefully managing this world.
Before the split between the conservative and liberal factions, Xiao Yun was quite liked by the elders.
Back then, even the Patriarch had taken good care of Little Yun …
However, as the dispute between the two factions became more and more complicated, the situation was no longer under control. Step by step, it developed to the point where they were mortal enemies.
. "Little Yun lowered her head and said," I'm sorry. "
She had to take revenge, but at the same time, she had to feel guilty. This contradictory state of mind had been tormenting her since she entered this world.
In comparison, Fu Chu was much luckier.
After all, he did not have much feelings for the warden clan. He only saw them as enemies, as the culprits who made him and his sister homeless.
"No need to apologize," the Patriarch said calmly. "This old man has also thought a lot. Maybe you were right back then. Our persistence might really be a joke …"
After talking to the tomb keeper, the Patriarch understood that this prison was not the only one.
Moreover, Master seemed to have really given up on this place.
Although the Patriarch found it hard to accept that crazy fellow's words, after thinking about it carefully, there was nothing wrong with it.
If Master was really watching over this place, why didn't he directly send down his divine power and kill all these people when facing this group of invaders?
Since Master had already abandoned this place, what was the point of the warden clan's persistence?
The Liberals' decision back then was right …
"You …"
Little Yun was slightly stunned.
She did not expect the Patriarch to say such a thing.
"However, we have already persevered to this point. We do not intend to give up. Maybe the fate of us small wardens is supposed to be like this. Even if Master does not care about us, we still have to offer our humble lives to him." The Patriarch looked at Little Yun, then sized up Fu Chu, who was behind Little Yun. He smiled with a complicated expression. "If you win, you must live on. You will be the last bloodline of the warden clan …"
The Patriarch knew that the warden clan was not an impressive clan. They were far inferior to the Nuwa Clan and Chiyou Clan …
However, he still hoped to see their bloodline pass down. This was probably the last piece of evidence that their clan had once existed in this world.
"Everyone, listen up. Do not attack Little Yun and Fu Chu," the Patriarch ordered the clansmen behind him.
"Patriarch, this …" The purple-haired man in the black robe stood up. He did not understand the Patriarch's order.
"Listen to me," the Patriarch said calmly.
The purple-haired man in the black robe hesitated for a moment, then chose to remain silent.
Then, the Patriarch used his striped hand to raise the walking stick. As the azure light flickered, all the black-robed men behind him raised their weapons.
Tears flowed from Little Yun's eyes as she sobbed. She could no longer distinguish between right and wrong. She only felt sorrow for the fate of her clan.
When Luo Zheng saw this, his expression was rather complicated.
In all fairness, he did not want to attack this group of people …
However, just as the Patriarch said, everyone had persevered to the last step. How could they choose to retreat now?
The Patriarch heavily tapped the walking stick in his hand on the ground. The black-robed men charged forward without hesitation.
At this time, Luo Zheng should have been the one to give the orders.
Ming Wei saw that Luo Zheng was silent and shook her head slightly. In the end, he was still too young …
Thus, she gently waved her hand and ordered, "Attack!"
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The exiles also charged forward without hesitation.
At the side of the Altar of Equality, the tomb keeper slowly walked over. He raised his head and looked at the scene in front of him.
Then, he pulled out two unremarkable black daggers from his back. When he gripped the daggers, his entire aura underwent a drastic change.

Chapter 2248
"Clang clang clang …"
"Crack …"
"Pfff …"
The sound of swords clashing, the sound of bones breaking, and the sound of blood splattering could be heard.
Lives were harvested mercilessly like rice straws …
The tomb keeper strolled over. His gaze was sharp and his expression was relaxed.
To him, this battle was nothing more than a distraction from his countless years of tedious comprehension.
Although he had agreed to help the warden clan, he still had to carefully choose his opponent …
Not far in front of him, Ming Wei suddenly leaped forward.
The ring blade in her hand made a large circle and slashed at the neck of a black-robed man.
Ming Wei's move was extremely ingenious. Not only did she dodge the sword shadow of the black-robed man, she also feinted and made the opponent make the wrong judgment!
The black-robed man from the warden clan panicked and did not know how to dodge.
"Si …"
The ring blade lightly brushed past the black-robed man's neck. Blood did not even linger on the ring blade as the black-robed man fell backward.
The ring blade had been cut in two by Bai Shehuan in order to save Luo Zheng, so Ming Wei had no choice but to change her weapon.
"Ring blade? The Nuwa clan? "
The tomb keeper's eyes flashed when he saw the ring blade in Ming Wei's hand.
This weapon was very unique, and there were very few people who were good at using it. In the tomb keeper's memory, only a small number of women in the Nuwa clan were good at using this type of weapon.
The most famous ring blade in the Nuwa clan was called the "God Vanquishing Ring". It was also very famous in the Mother World.
More importantly, the technique that Ming Wei had just displayed had attracted his attention.
"Whoosh!"
The tomb keeper did not think too much and chose Ming Wei as his opponent. He took a step forward and went straight for Ming Wei.
After Ming Wei dealt with the black-robed man, her beautiful eyes narrowed slightly as she locked onto her next target. Just as she turned around, a voice sounded.
"You can be my opponent." The tomb keeper stood not far away and smiled faintly at Ming Wei.
Ming Wei sized him up and was slightly puzzled.
The warden clan members all wore black robes. Even after taking off their black robes, their attire was still very recognizable.
The attire of this tomb keeper was completely different.
Without waiting for Ming Wei to respond, the tomb keeper rushed towards Ming Wei with two daggers in his hands.
"Shua!"
Ming Wei didn't hesitate either. The ring blade in her hand spun slightly and slashed towards the tomb keeper's face.
Whether it was the speed or the strength, she grasped them perfectly.
When faced with this attack, most people could only brace themselves and retreat. Ming Wei, on the other hand, would press on step by step. Every move would be fatal, forcing the opponent to reveal an opening before dealing a fatal blow.
But she did not expect the tomb keeper's strength!
The tomb keeper had no intention of retreating, facing Ming Wei's attack.
The two daggers in his hands turned slightly, deviated to a certain angle, and gently parried.
"Whoosh!"
The edge of the ring blade slid down the gravekeeper's dagger, creating sparks.
With a gentle twist of the two daggers, Ming Wei felt a strange force being transmitted to her. She almost lost her grip on the ring blade and it flew out of her hand!
In a moment of desperation, Ming Wei quickly retreated. When she looked at the tomb keeper again, a look of fear appeared in her eyes.
After Equality of All Life, everyone had the same strength. Putting aside the fact that the warden's family had the Primal Chaos Ancient God's favor, it depended on who could use their strength to the fullest.
The fellow in front of her was only using two unremarkable daggers, yet he could use his strength so skillfully. Ming Wei naturally found it difficult to deal with.
"You're not from the warden's family?" Ming Wei asked with a frown.
"Who said I was?" The tomb keeper smiled faintly.
"Why are you helping them?" Ming Wei asked again.
The tomb keeper shrugged. "Probably because we've been neighbors for so long, so I'm doing a bit of hospitality as a host …"
As soon as he finished speaking, he didn't explain any further. Wielding his daggers, he charged towards Ming Wei!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The tomb keeper's moves couldn't be said to be nimble. They all looked very rigid and clumsy, but his control of his strength was extremely nimble.
Every time his daggers brushed against Ming Wei's ring blade, the force distorted, making it difficult for Ming Wei to control the ring blade …
She could only keep retreating and adjusting, trying her best to adapt to her opponent's attacks!
The tomb keeper was still smiling, but there was no trace of a smile in his eyes, so his expression looked very strange.
After the tomb keeper attacked dozens of times, Ming Wei finally adapted to the trajectory of her opponent's strength.
But just as Ming Wei was about to counterattack, the tomb keeper suddenly changed his tactics. With a flip of his daggers, one dagger brushed against the edge of the ring blade, while the other dagger slammed against it with the back of the dagger.
"Clang!"
The force passed through the ring blade and directly into Ming Wei's hand.
Ming Wei felt her hand go numb, and the ring blade flew out of her hand.
The tomb keeper didn't stop at all. The dagger in his left hand was already stabbing towards Ming Wei.
Ming Wei, who had lost her weapon, was helpless. In a moment of desperation, she grabbed the dagger with one hand. Her palm was cut by the blade, and blood immediately flowed out!
"Heh …"
The tomb keeper chuckled, and the other dagger stabbed into Ming Wei's chest.
"Pu!"
The dagger, which was about a foot long, went all the way to the hilt. The dagger pierced through Ming Wei's body, and the tip of the dagger poked out from her back.
At this moment.
A sword edge suddenly attacked from the side.
The sword swung in a crooked manner, heading straight for the tomb keeper's right arm!
"This sword move …"
The tomb keeper frowned slightly.
He couldn't see through the direction of the sword move. This inconspicuous sword actually forced him to retreat!
And the dagger remained in Ming Wei's body.
Ming Wei clutched her chest, and her face was already pale. She couldn't say a word.
Luo Zheng stood in front of Ming Wei with a long sword in his hand, and said in a low voice, "Don't pull out the dagger! Hold on! "
Being pierced through the chest by the dagger was an injury that would definitely kill a mortal …
But to a mighty figure in the Nirvana Realm, it was a small injury that wasn't worth mentioning. The premise was to end all life.
The question was whether Ming Wei could hold on until then.
The tomb keeper took a few steps back and sized up Luo Zheng with interest. "Here comes a more interesting one …"
Luo Zheng didn't wait for the tomb keeper to finish speaking, and he had already raised his sword and attacked.
"Clang, clang, clang …"
Luo Zheng attacked dozens of times in a row.
When Luo Zheng's sword edge clashed with the tomb keeper's dagger, he also felt a twisting force coming from the blade.
This force seemed to want to take the sword away from Luo Zheng's hand, and he almost couldn't hold his sword firmly.
After the tomb keeper retreated a distance, he steadied himself.
Although Luo Zheng's sword technique was extremely ingenious, it wasn't that difficult for the tomb keeper to see through it.
After dozens of exchanges, his eyes flashed slightly, and he had already figured out a way to break it.
The dagger danced in his hand, creating a series of sparks!
"Dang, dang, dang, dang …"
Under the sparks of the sparks, Luo Zheng finally felt his right hand go soft, and the sword finally fell out of his hand.
The tomb keeper revealed a smile as if it was only natural, and swung his dagger at Luo Zheng. At this moment, he suddenly felt that something was wrong.
"This is …"

Chapter 2249
The tomb keeper was startled by the sudden drop of starlight.
He didn't expect the guy in front of him to use a divine ability at this time …
He didn't have time to think about anything. He clenched his teeth and rolled.
Boom!
The starlight fell close to his scalp and smashed a big hole in the ground.
The tomb keeper stared at Luo Zheng with a strange look on his face.
"Truth divine ability? Where did you learn it! "
As a supreme expert of the mother world, he knew how rare truth divine abilities were.
Using the cultivation method of the great world to comprehend the Divine Dao. When the Divine Dao reached the peak, it would be the true meaning of the Dao, and then cross the other shore …
Those with great talent, coupled with great perseverance, would eventually succeed.
As for how far one could go after crossing the other shore, it would depend on their luck.
However, truth couldn't be comprehended by oneself. This was already a public opinion in the mother world.
The tomb keeper was naturally very surprised.
Why would Luo Zheng care about this guy?
Although he was surprised that this person could see through the bloodline divine ability he used, Luo Zheng wouldn't waste time on these minor details.
He wanted to quickly end the battle in front of him!
Whoosh!
As the Truth Square Crystal spun, another green star plummeted from the sky.
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Luo Zheng flipped over and picked up the sword from the ground. Green light enveloped the sword, and he charged at the tomb keeper …
Ming Wei knelt on the ground and pressed her chest, breathing in small breaths.
Blood flowed along the wound, and she felt that her consciousness was slightly blurred.
She couldn't help but feel a sense of danger. Was she going to die here today?
In her current state, she wouldn't be able to hold on for long.
"That kid is really desperate …" She stared at the distant Luo Zheng in a daze. She was somewhat moved.
She hadn't been moved in a long time …
In this fierce battle, people fell one after another.
Screams and roars echoed, and the smell of blood began to spread rapidly.
A battle between mortals was, to some extent, more cruel and bloody than a battle between supreme experts …
On the other side.
The purple-haired black-robed warden jumped down from the roof.
In front of him, an Exiled Outcast was frantically running away.
This exiled person was already seriously injured. Bright red blood stained the ground. As he staggered forward, he let out heavy gasps. He was already out of breath.
"Sou!"
After the purple-haired black-robed man steadied himself, the blue broadsword in his hand slashed towards the exile.
"Die!"
He hated these intruders.
If it weren't for these invaders, when the clan leader passed away, it was very likely that he would have succeeded the clan leader …
The exile was already severely exhausted. He could only roll on the ground to avoid the saber, but it was too late for him to get up.
"Crack!"
His hand rose and the blade fell.
The exile's head flew off.
After killing this person, the purple-haired black-robed man prepared to return.
In order to pursue this person, he had already left the battlefield …
Just as he jumped up and flipped over the roof, a black rope appeared out of nowhere!
This rope accurately looped around the purple-haired black-robed man's neck, and then pulled him towards a corner at an extremely fast speed.
The purple-haired black-robed man held the blue broadsword and was about to cut the rope.
But just as he waved his arm, he felt a chill in his arm. From his right elbow down, it had been neatly cut off by a sharp weapon!
"Who is it!"
Just as he opened his mouth, he felt a chill in his left arm and legs.
His four limbs were all cut off!
That chill lasted for two or three breaths, followed by an unbearable pain.
The intense pain caused his face to turn the color of pig liver, and the muscles on his face constantly twisted.
A person walked out from the dark corner.
The purple-haired black-robed man sized him up, and his face was full of surprise. "Yan Hai!"
Previously, the warden's clan had planned to use Yan Hai's strength to fight against Ming Wei, but the results were too poor, and they decisively chose to give up.
He didn't expect Yan Hai to escape and appear at this time.
Yan Hai held a sharp knife in his hand, and looked down at the purple-haired black-robed man with a cold smile. "I've always been the one to scheme against others. I didn't expect you to scheme against me this time …"
"Haha, you're also prisoners of this world. How can we, the warden's clan, let you go?" The purple-haired black-robed man endured the pain and said.
"That's true. We were on different sides from the beginning. We shouldn't have cooperated." Yan Hai nodded, and pointed the knife in his hand at the purple-haired black-robed man. "Tell me how to remove All Lives Equal."
The purple-haired black-robed man sneered. "Do you think I'll tell you?"
Yan Hai shrugged, and without hesitation, stabbed the knife into the purple-haired black-robed man's abdomen, opening a wound. "If you don't remove All Lives Equal in the time it takes for a stick of incense to burn, you won't be able to recover your cultivation. You'll bleed to death. To live or to die, it's your choice."
Then, Yan Hai took two steps back and leaned against the wall, staring at the purple-haired black-robed man with an indifferent gaze.
The purple-haired black-robed man's arms and legs were already cut off. He couldn't move, and there was no way he could stop the bleeding. If this continued, he would die without a doubt …
The only way to save him was to remove All Lives Equal!
But now, the warden clan still had the strength to fight against the invaders. Once All Lives Equal was removed, Ming Wei alone would be able to crush his entire clan!
"Drip, drip, drip …"
The sound of blood dripping entered his ears, and a trace of panic appeared on the purple-haired black-robed man's face.
Sensing his panic, Yan Hai smiled faintly. "You're the only one who can save you."
The purple-haired black-robed man's heart was also in a fierce struggle. He didn't think he was a coward who was afraid of death, but he was unwilling to die without a sound.
After dozens of breaths, the purple-haired black-robed man finally spoke. "There are two ways. One is to restore the Equality Altar, and the other is to destroy it."
"Which way is faster?" Yan Hai asked again.
"Restore!" The purple-haired black-robed man said. "The Equality Altar isn't that easy to destroy. With your current strength, you won't be able to destroy it even after a few days and nights!"
"Tell me how to restore it," Yan Hai said calmly.
…
After a while, Yan Hai came out from the corner and wiped the blood off the sharp knife.
Not far away, the sound of an intense battle could be heard. He smiled coldly in that direction, then walked in another direction.
Now that the warden clan had turned out in full force, there were no guards around the Equality Altar.
Destroying the Equality Altar wasn't that easy, and only a few people in the warden clan knew how to restore it. At this moment, there was no point in guarding it.

Chapter 2250
Whoosh!
With a horizontal slash, the longsword left a thin mark on the wall!
The spreading green sword aura directly cut the entire house in half, and the house began to collapse with a rumble …
Although Luo Zheng's sword was fierce, it still couldn't injure the tomb keeper.
He held his longsword, his eyes full of solemnity.
No matter who it was, under the Equality of All Beings, they were still mortals.
Under the same conditions, Luo Zheng generally found it difficult to find a match.
But this guy displayed the toughness of a mortal body. Even with the Truth Crystal, Luo Zheng couldn't suppress him. This greatly exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations!
"Let's make a deal, okay? If I can defeat you, you'll tell me how you cultivated this Truth God Ability, "the tomb keeper said with a smile as he played with the dagger in his hand.
Seeing the tomb keeper's attitude, Luo Zheng was slightly confused.
He originally thought that this person should be in cahoots with the warden clan, but now it seemed that he didn't care about the fate of the warden clan.
"Cut the crap," Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, and the Truth Crystal in his palm spun slightly, and a streak of starlight fell rapidly towards the tomb keeper!
At the same time, Luo Zheng took a big stride forward, and the longsword surrounded by green light slashed towards the tomb keeper.
Whoosh!
The tomb keeper still looked indifferent, and took half a step back.
His body was always moving by a very small margin.
When that streak of starlight came crashing down, his body was almost stuck to it, but this streak of starlight couldn't hurt him in the slightest!
When Luo Zheng's sword aura pierced through, the tomb keeper twisted his neck slightly, and the sharp sword aura was only a few millimeters away from his neck …
This kind of dodging was like dancing on the tip of a blade. The slightest carelessness would consign him to eternal damnation.
But the tomb keeper was very leisurely, as if taking a step back was a waste of energy.
If there wasn't the Equality of All Beings, Luo Zheng could easily use the Eight Directional Flying Smoke.
This guy could do it just by relying on his experience. His perception of energy had reached a very terrifying level …
Seeing his opponent's movements, Luo Zheng was secretly shocked, and his attacks became fiercer and fiercer.
"Boom boom boom!"
Three streaks of starlight smashed down on the tomb keeper's head.
The tomb keeper twisted his body to the left and right, sticking close to the three rays of starlight. Instead of retreating, he advanced. Holding a short knife, he approached Luo Zheng.
"Huff huff …"
Luo Zheng suddenly raised his long sword and stabbed the tomb keeper seven or eight times in a row.
Every strike of his was aimed at the gravekeeper's vital points, but every strike was fruitless.
Even though Luo Zheng's sword was crooked and he couldn't see where it came from, the tomb keeper could still make an accurate judgment.
"If you don't want to say it, then I'll have to force you to!" The tomb keeper was dodging nonstop, but he still had the time to speak.
As soon as he finished speaking, he took a step forward and stood right in front of Luo Zheng. The two of them were face to face.
"Shua!"
Luo Zheng swung his long sword and slashed horizontally.
The tomb keeper's body was like a willow branch, falling backwards along with Luo Zheng's horizontal slash.
After dodging this slash, the tomb keeper once again came close to Luo Zheng. He flipped the short knife in his hand and gently knocked the back of the knife against Luo Zheng's wrist.
"Clang!"
The long sword fell to the ground.
Having lost his weapon, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and once again summoned a ray of starlight, smashing it down on the tomb keeper.
The tomb keeper's eyes flashed faintly, and he circled behind Luo Zheng.
He grabbed Luo Zheng's back with one hand and gently pushed forward. Unexpectedly, he pushed Luo Zheng's head directly under the rapidly falling ray of starlight. At the same time, he said: "Speak."
Seeing that the ray of starlight was about to hit Luo Zheng's head, the tomb keeper suddenly pulled Luo Zheng back.
With this push and pull, Luo Zheng's back suddenly broke out in a cold sweat.
Just now, his life was completely in the hands of the tomb keeper. If the tomb keeper hadn't pulled him back, he would have died from his brain bursting!
Even so, Luo Zheng didn't intend to give up.
Under the tomb keeper's pull, Luo Zheng took advantage of the opportunity to flip over and hit the tomb keeper's face with his elbow.
The tomb keeper's mouth slightly curled. He bit the short knife in his mouth and twisted his body to avoid Luo Zheng's elbow. His hands slid to Luo Zheng's shoulders and gently squeezed.
"Crack!"
"Crack!"
Accompanied by two crisp sounds, Luo Zheng's arms hung limply. They were dislocated.
"Do you still want to struggle?" the tomb keeper asked again.
"Huff …"
Luo Zheng lifted his leg and kicked at the tomb keeper.
"Crack, crack!"
The tomb keeper avoided this kick. Luo Zheng's legs were also dislocated. His legs went limp and he directly fell to the ground.
Luo Zheng lay on the ground, gasping for breath. He was now very helpless.
With the same strength, he had never experienced such a crushing defeat.
Even if Ming Wei wanted to defeat Luo Zheng under the Equality of All Beings, it was almost impossible.
But this guy was so relaxed, almost playing with him in the palm of his hand …
"Actually, I can guess even if you don't say it." The tomb keeper looked down at Luo Zheng and said, "Your Truth God Art should come from 'Void'. When that guy just fell into this world, I went to visit him, but he ignored me …"
"Void?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
9527 called the chaos ancient god "Lord" and never called him by his name. It turned out that the chaos ancient god was called "Void".
"The inheritance of the Truth God Art, hehe. Countless top figures in the mother world are scrambling for it. Some even have wishful thinking of creating the Dao Fusion Grand Unification energy, but in the end, they have nothing … But why did he choose you?" The tomb keeper's face was faintly bitter.
The tomb keeper's purpose of visiting "Void" was also a glimmer of hope that he could ask for his inheritance. But in the end, his hope was still lost.
In fact, the tomb keeper stayed here because he wanted to obtain the Truth God Art. That was why he made a bet with the Ruin …
In the eyes of the tomb keeper, Luo Zheng was indeed outstanding as an upper True God.
But it was not that the tomb keeper had never seen an outstanding True God like Luo Zheng. After all, there were too many enchanting people in the mother world.
In the eyes of the tomb keeper, Luo Zheng could not even be ranked in the top ten.
He had spent countless energy and wasted countless years, but he still could not obtain something. This little guy in front of him easily obtained it, which inevitably made him feel unbalanced.
"What is the purpose of choosing you? Tell me. "The tomb keeper stared at Luo Zheng and continued to ask.
Luo Zheng did not answer and simply turned his face to the side.
"I have a way to make you talk …" The tomb keeper continued.
Just as the tomb keeper was interrogating, a "whoosh, whoosh" sound suddenly came from afar, as if a huge millstone was rotating.
When the tomb keeper heard this sound, he raised his head and looked in the direction of the Altar of Equality. His brows furrowed slightly, and he was rather puzzled.
Restoring All Lives Equal at this time? Did the warden family want to die?
Under All Lives Equal, the warden family already had difficulty resisting these invaders. If All Lives Equal was restored, it would be even more difficult for them!
As the Altar of Equality slowly rotated, orange light spots escaped from the Altar of Equality and began to spread in all directions …
When All Lives Equal came into effect, it was a process from inside to outside, from slow to fast.
It was the same for removing All Lives Equal.
And Yan Hai, who was standing in the center of the Altar of Equality, was the first to be immersed in the orange light spots.
The moment his cultivation recovered, a sinister smile appeared on his face.
At this moment, the group of people not far from the altar were just a group of insect-like mortals.
He realized that his opportunity had come …
"All of you … die!"

Chapter 2251
There was a time difference between the removal of Equality of All Lives from the Altar of Equality.
It would take about two to three breaths for the orange light to spread from the Altar of Equality to where Ming Wei and the others were.
These two to three breaths of time were more than enough for Yan Hai.
Now that Yan Hai had recovered his original strength, the shackles on his body had disappeared completely, and a terrifying aura spread out from his body.
A full-powered attack from a Nirvana Realm powerhouse could easily kill tens of millions or even hundreds of millions of mortals, let alone hundreds of people.
Yan Hai's body began to expand as he roared, and he instantly turned into a 400,000-foot-tall giant.
Crackle …
Eight dragon-shaped lightning bolts crazily coiled around his body.
Yan Hai felt extremely carefree when he thought about how these people would die by his hands …
Ming Wei, Old Monster Jin, all the exiles, and the warden's family, all of you, die!
Yan Hai did not hesitate at all. With a clap of his hand, the eight dragon-shaped lightning bolts coiled around each other and poured down on the people who were fighting …
At this moment, everyone was in a daze.
The head of the warden's family stared blankly at the thick dragon-shaped lightning bolts. He leaned on his walking stick, his body hunched, and sighed faintly.
A sense of helplessness suddenly overwhelmed him.
He was too lazy to think about how Yan Hai had removed Equality of All Lives.
The warden's family was now on the verge of defeat. Although the tomb keeper had defeated the two strongest invaders, there was nothing he could do.
However, it was useless. He couldn't force the other party to do too much.
There was no way for them to turn back now, and there was no point in turning back …
When Ming Wei, Old Monster Jin, and the other exiles felt the immense power and saw Yan Hai's incomparably huge figure clearly, their eyes were filled with unwillingness.
Previously, they had allowed Yan Hai to escape, but in the end, they had buried such a disaster. This was something that no one had expected.
The eight dragon-shaped lightning bolts approached in the blink of an eye. Just the rumbling of the lightning alone was enough to shatter everyone's eardrums and cause them to bleed from their ears …
After all, they were still mortals. Just the power emitted by the dragon-shaped lightning bolts was enough to kill them.
Luo Zheng, who was lying on the ground, saw this scene, and a bitter smile appeared on his face.
Who would have thought that after all this fighting, everyone would end up dying here?
The tomb keeper stood beside Luo Zheng and watched this scene with his mouth slightly agape.
He had never thought that something like this would happen …
"Damn it, I was too careless …"
If it wasn't for the Equality of All Lives, he wouldn't have put Yan Hai in his eyes. Not to mention Yan Hai, even if all the exiles in this world came at him together, he would not even put them in his eyes!
However, those orange dots of light were still floating slowly in the distance.
It was obvious that the dragon-shaped lightning would devour him before his cultivation recovered.
However, the tomb keeper was not an ordinary Nirvana Realm powerhouse.
He was one of the few people in the Mother World.
Equality of All Life was a truth divine art. It was indeed a great suppression on him, but it wasn't like he couldn't resist it!
At the moment of life and death, the tomb keeper finally became serious.
"Rise!"
He let out a roar.
Streaks of blood runes spread out from his cheeks, and those blood runes bloomed like auspicious clouds.
At the same time, veins popped out all over his body. He was going all out …
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Small blue dots of light emerged from the surface of his body.
When Luo Zheng, who was lying on the ground, saw this scene, his pupils suddenly widened.
Back then, it was these blue dots of light that caused everyone's cultivation to begin to decline after they invaded their bodies.
These blue dots of light should represent the Equality of All Lives magical art.
This guy could actually resist this magical art and force it out of his body?
Equality of All Lives was set up by the Primal Chaos Ancient God!
Only now did Luo Zheng realize how powerful this tomb keeper was.
It seemed that it wasn't wrong for him to be completely defeated by him …
After forcing out those blue dots of light, the tomb keeper's aura underwent a drastic change.
At this moment, the eight dragon-shaped lightning bolts flew over.
The lightning set off waves of air, and the houses on both sides of the road kept collapsing.
Along the way, the exiles and the members of the warden's family were annihilated the moment they were submerged by the dragon-shaped lightning. They had no room to resist or avoid it.
When the lightning bolts reached the tomb keeper, he stretched out his hand and gently pointed downwards.
Luo Zheng didn't sense any magical art being used by the tomb keeper, nor did he sense any energy fluctuations.
However, the eight dragon-shaped lightning bolts were unable to take another step forward when they reached the tomb keeper.
An invisible curtain blocked the tomb keeper's path.
The dragon-shaped lightning bolts seemed to have obeyed the tomb keeper's orders, and changed directions and headed downwards.
"This guy can control other people's power?" Luo Zheng was amazed by this scene.
"Rumble rumble rumble …"
The eight dragon-shaped lightning bolts headed downwards, and instantly created a bottomless pit in the ground.
Luo Zheng lay on the edge of this huge pit, as if he were lying on the edge of a cliff.
Yan Hai's attack was originally one filled with confidence.
He didn't believe that anyone could resist even a millionth of his current power …
However, such a bizarre scene still happened.
Not only had someone blocked his attack, they had even stolen his power!
How was this possible?
Even if Ming Wei recovered her strength, she wouldn't be able to do this …
Yan Hai narrowed his eyes and stared at the tomb keeper.
"Who are you?" Yan Hai asked.
Although his voice was loud, perhaps only the tomb keeper could hear him. Everyone else's eardrums were already shattered.
"You don't have the right to know." The tomb keeper casually raised his arm and slammed it down towards Yan Hai.
The tomb keeper was extremely angry now …
He had helped the warden's family fight and fought Luo Zheng with a very relaxed attitude.
To him, this was nothing more than a change of pace after a long period of boredom.
However, this banished person acted recklessly and took the initiative to remove All Life's Equality, forcing him to forcibly break free from it.
Even for him, it wasn't easy to resist the All Life's Equality of the Chaos Ancient God, and he had to pay a considerable price.
How could the tomb keeper not be angry when he had to pay such a high price for a small fry like Yan Hai?
He only wanted to tear this guy to shreds and be happy!
As the tomb keeper slammed down in the air, an invisible palm slammed heavily towards Yan Hai.
Yan Hai immediately felt an irresistible force pressing down on him. Within his 400,000-foot-tall body, the sound of bones shattering exploded like thunder.
"Crackle crackle crackle …"
Yan Hai didn't even have time to remove the Rage God's body before his huge head was solidly flattened.
The huge body collapsed rapidly, like a mountain collapsing ….
After his soul was destroyed, the Rage God's power began to rapidly dissipate. The constantly collapsing huge body quickly shrank and disappeared from everyone's sight.

Chapter 2252
At this moment, Ming Wei had already reached her limit.
Due to the excessive blood loss, her face was as white as a sheet of paper.
Her consciousness was also in a state of confusion, and her life force was extremely weak.
She had no idea what was going on, and she was only holding on with her remaining willpower.
At this moment, the orange light entered her body.
Her suppressed cultivation base quickly recovered …
Her almost depleted life force was replenished in the blink of an eye.
Her weak aura instantly increased by tens of millions of times!
Ming Wei did not need to use any divine ability. She only needed to rely on her powerful Qi and blood to quickly recover.
The dagger that was stuck in her chest automatically withdrew from the wound under the wriggling of her muscles.
The moment the dagger withdrew, the wound had completely healed. There was not even the slightest trace of a scar, leaving only flawless skin.
Apart from Ming Wei, the other heavily injured exiles also began to recover rapidly …
Powerful auras spread out one after another, filling the entire space.
The black-robed people from the warden's clan also recovered their cultivation base.
No one in their clan had reached the Nirvana Realm. Compared to Ming Wei and the others, their auras were negligible.
However, at this moment, Ming Wei and the others did not act rashly …
They all looked toward Luo Zheng.
There was an extremely powerful monster beside Luo Zheng.
The tomb keeper could break free from All Lives Equal and kill Yan Hai from the Xuanyuan Clan with a single slap.
Regardless of whether it was Ming Wei or Elder Jin, both of them were extremely wary of such a powerful person.
If this guy stood on the warden's side, they would have no chance of survival at all.
However, Ming Wei did not look too anxious. This guy obviously would not be controlled by the warden's clan.
If the warden's clan could really control him, then there was no need to activate All Lives Equal. He could stop all the exiles by himself …
After Luo Zheng was no longer suppressed by All Lives Equal, he slowly got up from the ground.
The tomb keeper had displayed such powerful strength. The battle between them and the tomb keeper seemed to have become insignificant.
Everything was waiting for the tomb keeper's judgment.
"Crack."
The clan leader of the warden's clan threw away his walking stick and walked quickly to the tomb keeper. He extended his hand and bowed deeply.
The scene of the gravekeeper's attack had greatly shocked the warden's family.
"My family has been your neighbor for many years. For the sake of my master, please expel these exiles!"
The patriarch understood that the tomb keeper was their last hope.
Hearing this, Ming Wei and the others felt their hearts skip a beat.
If the warden's family really persuaded the tomb keeper, they might really lose everything.
"Senior, I am the Sect Master of Pear Mountain's Baiwei Sect. I am truly unwilling to be imprisoned here. If I can return to Pear Mountain, my Pear Mountain lineage will definitely remember this kindness," Ming Wei said.
The tomb keeper glanced at Ming Wei indifferently. "Grace from Mount Li? Hahaha … "
This strange laughter caused Ming Wei's scalp to go numb.
Everyone else's hearts were in their throats …
There were countless experts in the Mother World.
Since the ancient times until now, countless outstanding figures have been born, and many powerful forces have been born.
The Nuwa Clan was one of the most powerful clans in the mother world. If this man had a grudge against the Nuwa Clan, Ming Wei's words might backfire!
Ming Wei naturally understood the pros and cons.
However, this man had already helped the warden's family under the Equality of All Lives.
If this man agreed to help the warden's family, the others might not have the slightest chance of turning the tables.
The gravekeeper stared at Ming Wei for quite a while, and his face darkened. It seemed that some unforgettable memory had been recalled. "Not to mention that you're just a small sect head of Pear Mountain, even if Goddess Nvywa really wants to remember this favor, as her elder brother, I can't bear it!"
"Brother?"
Luo Zheng's expression became very strange when he heard this. Nuwa had a brother?
As for Ming Wei, Elder Jin, and the exiles, they all turned pale with fright when they heard the tomb keeper's words.
They never imagined that they would meet such a person here.
Ming Wei especially stared at the tomb keeper and stammered, "You, you … you are the Human Emperor! Lord Fuxi! "
Human Emperor Fuxi was an existence with a transcendent status in the Mother World. Who among the exiles present hadn't heard of this name?
The tomb keeper snorted, tacitly agreeing with Ming Wei's guess.
"Ever since Lord Fuxi went missing, I, the sect master of Pear Mountain, have been depressed. I haven't seen a smile for tens of thousands of years. I didn't expect Lord Fuxi to be trapped here, no … stay here," said Ming Wei.
In Ming Wei's opinion, this prison could trap exiles like them, but it definitely couldn't trap Fuxi.
Fuxi's eyes glinted faintly. "Is what you say true?"
"Absolutely true. Before I was exiled, Lady Nuwa didn't even appear when my Pear Mountain lineage held a Dao banquet. Rumor has it that it was because of Lord Fuxi," added Ming Wei.
As the sect master of Bai Wei's clan, Ming Wei's status in Pear Mountain was not low. Naturally, she knew some secrets.
Fuxi and Nuwa were originally brother and sister, but they later became husband and wife.
However, some kind of conflict arose between them, and Fuxi left in a fit of anger, eventually disappearing from the Mother World.
Nuwa searched several times, but couldn't find any trace of Fuxi.
No one would've thought that Fuxi had long left the Mother World and retreated to the depths of the chaos. He'd stayed here for so many years ….
Fuxi's expression was conflicted when he heard Ming Wei's words. In the end, he let out a long sigh.
In the end, he still couldn't let go of his sister ….
Fuxi glanced at the head of the wardens' clan and said, "I told you, this world is a product of failure. Ruin's gaze is no longer on this place. I've acted according to our agreement. If you lose, so be it. Let them go and I'll guarantee your clan's safety."
After listening to Fuxi and Ming Wei's conversation, the clan leader knew that the tomb keeper would not stand on their side. The fact that he was willing to protect the warden's family was already a huge honor. The warden's family had no choice.
Fuxi suddenly grabbed Luo Zheng and said, "Come with me!" He and Luo Zheng flew to the back of the settlement.
Seeing this scene, Elder Jin immediately panicked and repeatedly shouted, "Lord Fuxi, Lord Fuxi …"
But why would Fuxi pay him any attention? He vanished from everyone's sight in the blink of an eye.
Ming Wei consoled him when she saw how anxious Elder Jin was. "Don't worry, Luo Zheng should be fine."
Although she didn't know why Fuxi had captured Luo Zheng, he had no reason to harm Luo Zheng.

Chapter 2253
Luo Zheng flew past a row of low houses, and what came into view was a short mountain.
On this short mountain, there were black tombstones that were six feet tall.
After flying past these tombstones, another tall tombstone appeared behind the short mountain.
Just as Luo Zheng was wondering who was buried under this tombstone, Fuxi casually threw Luo Zheng down.
When he was about one foot away from the ground, Luo Zheng lightly tapped the ground with the tip of his foot and stood firmly under this tall tombstone.
Immediately after, Fuxi's figure flashed and stood directly under the tombstone.
Luo Zheng sized up the dark tombstone. There were no inscriptions on this tombstone, nor were there any seals. He didn't know who was buried under this tombstone.
"Why did you bring me here?" Luo Zheng asked.
Fuxi's expression was very calm. At this moment, he looked like an ordinary person, and there was nothing special about him.
Who would have thought that this guy could casually kill a Nirvana Realm expert, and an expert of Yan Hai's level?
He didn't answer Luo Zheng's question, and he lightly tapped on the tombstone.
Golden lines slowly extended from the bottom of the tombstone. These golden lines climbed up in an unsatisfied manner, and soon covered the entire tombstone.
Luo Zheng scrutinized these golden lines, but he couldn't see what was so mysterious about them …
"I've been here for a very, very long time, about 30 billion years." Fuxi stared at the golden lines and said indifferently, "Even for me, 30 billion years isn't a short period of time, and I've wasted it all here …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was rather baffled. "You're not trapped here. Can't you leave as you please?"
Luo Zheng only knew that this guy called "Fuxi" was very powerful, and he was Nuwa's brother. This prison shouldn't be able to trap him.
This guy was willing to waste his time here, and now he was saying something like this. Luo Zheng naturally couldn't understand.
"Leave?"
A golden light flashed in Fuxi's eyes, and he placed one hand on Luo Zheng's shoulder.
"Crack!"
An irresistible force was exerted on Luo Zheng's shoulder, and Luo Zheng's shoulder blade immediately shattered into powder.
Before the pain in his body could reach Luo Zheng's mind, a light flashed in Fuxi's hand, and Luo Zheng's shattered shoulder blade was restored to its original state.
"Do you know what it means for me to leave?" Fuxi asked coldly.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips. "I don't know."
"Aren't you curious?" Fuxi asked again.
"Not at all," Luo Zheng answered.
Fuxi: "…"
Luo Zheng's only thought was to sever the curse chains and leave this prison.
Fuxi's willingness to stay here had nothing to do with Luo Zheng.
Fuxi stared at Luo Zheng for a while, then said indignantly, "It seems that you don't know anything … This is completely unreasonable! Why did Kong choose you? Why did he choose you?! "
Hearing this, Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes. After beating around the bush for so long, this guy was still stuck on this question.
Even now, Luo Zheng didn't care too much about the bloodline of the primal chaos ancient gods.
The truth god art was too complicated, and it wasn't very powerful. The only place where it could be used was after All Lives Equal descended.
The problem was that now that Luo Zheng wanted to return to the divine realm, the warden race couldn't send All Lives Equal to the divine realm, and then use the truth god art to fight the enemy, right?
All things considered, the truth god art was still of little value to Luo Zheng at this stage!
"I don't know either." Luo Zheng looked at the agitated Fuxi and shrugged. "Then can I leave?"
"Of course not!" Fuxi said as he slapped the tombstone, and the golden lines on the tombstone began to vibrate wildly.
Fuxi could easily crush Luo Zheng's body with a casual squeeze. The power of this slap made Luo Zheng's heart tremble.
However, he didn't know what material this tombstone was made of, but it didn't move after being slapped by Fuxi.
"I made a bet with Kong." Fuxi clenched his teeth and stared at the tombstone. "If I can't solve the mystery of this tombstone, I will never leave here! I want Kong to acknowledge me and pass on his bloodline to me. This is my only hope! "
Fuxi's purpose of staying here was to obtain the truth god art of the primal chaos ancient gods.
From Fuxi's point of view, the truth god art couldn't be obtained through comprehension. The only way was to integrate the primal chaos ancient gods' bloodline.
Kong gave him hope, but he couldn't solve it … As for Kong, he didn't care about him at all.
What kind of person was Fuxi? The thing he pursued with all his might was actually obtained by Luo Zheng so casually.
How unwilling was he to accept this? How jealous was he of Luo Zheng?
"The mysteries of this tombstone still come down to the comprehension of the Dao Fusion Grand Unification Energy. I'm going to use your Truth Crystal to reverse the process. Before I figure out the mysteries, don't even think about leaving. Now, take out your Truth Crystal …" Fuxi said.
With Fuxi's talent, there were very few things in the Origin World that could stump him.
The reason he couldn't solve the mystery of the tombstone was because of the limitations of the Grand Unification of Dao. He deduced that using Luo Zheng's Truth Square Crystal could solve this problem. This was because Luo Zheng's Truth Square Crystal was also comprehended by the primal chaos ancient gods from the Grand Unification of Dao.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was slightly shocked.
This guy had been comprehending here for tens of billions of years, but he still couldn't comprehend the mystery of the tombstone.
If he couldn't comprehend it, wouldn't he have to accompany him here for countless years?
"What if you still can't comprehend it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Then you will always accompany me," Fuxi said without hesitation.
He guessed it …
Luo Zheng's face immediately became gloomy.
But in the face of such an unreasonable and powerful existence, Luo Zheng had no room to resist. He had no other choice but to do as he was told.
But at this moment …
From the bone fragment in Luo Zheng's chest, 9527's consciousness suddenly spread out. "Fuxi, don't waste time. You are destined to be unable to become our agent."
After 9527 sneaked into Luo Zheng's body, it had never communicated with anyone else. But this time, it chose to communicate directly with Fuxi.
Fuxi sensed the words in the consciousness, and his body suddenly trembled. He stared at Luo Zheng's chest and asked, "You are … Sky!"
"I am not the main body," 9527 denied. "I am just a wisp of its soul."
"A wisp of its soul …" Fuxi's eyes flickered.

Chapter 2254
9527's tone was very calm, but there was a hint of threat in it.
Fuxi naturally wasn't afraid of Void's split soul, but behind this split soul stood a Primordial Chaos Elder God.
After all, 9527 could also represent Sky to a certain extent.
Fuxi couldn't help but be afraid …
He really didn't expect that Sky would leave a soul in Luo Zheng's body. This showed that the chaos ancient god valued Luo Zheng.
"I once visited Sky. Why did you reject me? Am I really not qualified?" Fuxi stared at Luo Zheng and asked again.
What Fuxi needed was to control the truth.
With his strength and talent, no matter how one looked at it, he was more than enough.
However, both Void and Void refused to accept him, and Void even gave Fuxi a difficult problem, which made Fuxi feel uneasy.
9527 asked again, "Are you tired of this reincarnation? Compared to the countless creatures in this chaos, you have always been the most dazzling one. You are lucky enough! "
Fuxi was silent for a while, then suddenly became excited. "Of course I am tired! I am tired of this endless reincarnation. In the end, everyone will turn into a pile of dirt and have to go through it again and again. What's the point! "
"No meaning is the greatest meaning. I once said that," 9527 said again.
"Nonsense, I guess your Lord is tired of it too. Otherwise, why would he choose this kid!" Fuxi pointed at Luo Zheng.
Seeing Fuxi so excited, Luo Zheng subconsciously avoided him. It would be a shame if he was killed by Fuxi in his excitement.
Fuxi had a disagreement with Nuwa because of this and left. He would never give up on something he set his mind on.
"Lord … should be tired of it too. I don't know why he didn't want to choose you, and now he has chosen Luo Zheng. You shouldn't make it difficult for him," 9527 said.
Fuxi's eyelids kept twitching. He stared fiercely at Luo Zheng and danced with joy. "Only I can succeed! Only me! I am qualified to be the Lord of the End. This kid … this kid called Luo Zheng, he is not qualified! "
Seeing Fuxi's crazy appearance, 9527 and Luo Zheng both kept silent.
After a while …
Fuxi's emotions finally calmed down.
He glanced coldly at Luo Zheng and said, "You can go."
"Are you … okay?" For some reason, seeing Fuxi like this, Luo Zheng suddenly felt pity for him.
Everyone's pursuit was different.
What Fuxi's pursuit was worthless to Luo Zheng's current situation.
He had sacrificed a lot, it was really pitiful …
Fuxi placed one hand on the tombstone and waved at Luo Zheng. "You're not qualified to care about me."
When did he need a True God to care about him?
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and turned turned to leave. Fuxi's't of's Luo
Fuxi's Luo Zheng ''s of the End of the world of the End.
"You mainly cultivate the True Meaning of Nature, but you don't have a Perfected Divine Dao?" Fuxi asked.
Luo Zheng nodded …
He was still an upper True God and had not stepped into the Perfected Divine Dao.
The reason for this was related to the Infinite Ruler in his mind.
His godhood was too heterogeneous. He had already absorbed hundreds of Divine Daos from the Realm of the Gods. Because of this, it was very difficult to improve his cultivation. He had not been able to enter the Perfected Divine Dao.
"You are very strange." Fuxi stared at Luo Zheng and sized him up.
In the Origin World, it was not difficult for talented True Gods to reach the Perfected Divine Dao, but it was extremely difficult to comprehend the True Meaning of Dao …
But Luo Zheng seemed to be in the opposite situation.
Fuxi felt several True Meanings of Dao from Luo Zheng. Moreover, the True Meaning of Nature seemed to be very complete. He was even qualified to start crossing the sea of True Meanings.
This kind of cultivation inverted made Fuxi feel very strange.
He even suspected that "Kong" had chosen Luo Zheng because of this.
"Can you let me inspect your godhood?" Fuxi asked again.
"I'm afraid not." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Although this Fuxi did not seem to be hostile, Luo Zheng was not willing to expose anything to this person.
Seeing Luo Zheng's vigilant look, Fuxi smiled and said, "Back then, I also majored in the True Meaning of Nature. That was how I was able to cross the Nirvana Realm. I can help you break through your current shackles and give you pointers!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
Although the Primal Chaos Ancient God's bloodline had been transplanted to him, it did not help his cultivation substantially.
This Fuxi's strength was unfathomable. If he could give him pointers …
Fuxi seemed to have noticed the change in Luo Zheng's expression. He smiled faintly and pointed at Luo Zheng without any explanation.
Luo Zheng felt his dantian heat up. Before he could stop it, this Fuxi had released a wisp of soul into his inner world!
"This godhood …"
After noticing Luo Zheng's godhood, Fuxi was slightly taken aback. Then, he laughed.
"What are you laughing at?" Luo Zheng frowned and said.
"Another fool pursuing Dao Fusion. I thought you had some ability. Could it be that 'Kong' thinks you can successfully fuse Dao Fusion?" Fuxi laughed mischievously.
After Fuxi's wisp of soul entered Luo Zheng's inner world, he immediately noticed the abnormality in Luo Zheng's godhood.
Cultivating a godhood was a crystallization formed after cultivating one type of energy to the extreme.
Generally speaking, most True Gods only cultivated one type of energy. Very few geniuses could cultivate two or three types.
This was the case in the Realm of the Gods and in the Mother World.
However, there was always a group of restless people in this world.
They knew that truth divine abilities could not be comprehended because all truth divine abilities came from the Grand Unification of Dao Fusion energy at the beginning of the Primal Chaos.
That was the only chance to obtain truth divine abilities. Apart from that, they could only rely on the Primal Chaos Ancient God's bloodline transplanting …
Bloodline transplanting was even more difficult to obtain. Fuxi had been searching for it for so long but still could not obtain it.
Therefore, this group of restless people was delusional. They wanted to fuse the energy of the Divine Dao and artificially create "Grand Unification of Dao Fusion". Then, they could obtain truth divine abilities through "Grand Unification of Dao Fusion".
This idea was certainly very beautiful, but no one succeeded.
The godhood formed by Dao Fusion could not be completely condensed.
Over time, this method was also abandoned …
Fuxi suddenly saw this godhood on Luo Zheng and naturally found it rather laughable.
"Master is not interested in Luo Zheng. Of course, Master knows that Dao Fusion is impossible to succeed," 9527 retorted.

Chapter 2255
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly with a puzzled look on his face. He asked, "You also know the Three Thousand Divine Daos?"
Just now, Fuxi was mocking Luo Zheng for pursuing such a stupid move as Dao Fusion.
Now, he was telling him that he could choose any Divine Dao at will?
In other words, Fuxi also cultivated the Three Thousand Divine Daos?
It was said that the Three Thousand Divine Daos were created by Chiyou, but Fuxi also knew them?
Hearing Luo Zheng's rhetorical question, Fuxi looked a little embarrassed. "I don't know the Three Thousand Divine Daos, but I've mastered most of them. After Chiyou set the precedent, I also tried to fuse Dao Fusion …"
The Great World Cultivation Method was created by Nuwa, so there was the saying that Nuwa created man.
The Three Thousand Divine Daos were created by Chiyou, but before that, everyone just cultivated a certain energy to the extreme and used it to open up the Inner World. There was no general classification.
At that time, in order to pursue the Great Unification of Dao Fusion, Chiyou strove to fuse all the energy in the Mother World.
But at that time, there was no classification of the various kinds of energy. Chi You spent a long time, and with his extraordinary talent, he finally collected all of them one by one. Then, he made a list of three thousand, which was called the Three Thousand Divine Paths.
It was also because of the classification of the Three Thousand Divine Daos that it caused a craze for Dao Fusion.
The group of people born in the Distant Past were more or less pursuing the Truth Divine Ability, so they were naturally willing to try "Dao Fusion".
But in the end, they found that this path was not feasible …
Although Fuxi was mocking "Dao Fusion" now, judging from his current desire for the Truth Divine Ability, he was very fanatical in the past!
Of the Three Thousand Divine Daos listed by Chiyou, he had mastered a total of 2,630. And according to his classification, almost 300 of Chiyou's Three Thousand Divine Daos were duplicated. For example, the Li Water Divine Dao and the Black Ice Divine Dao were only different in terms of energy, but in fact, they were derived from the same energy …
He worked hard to master these, but in the end, he gained nothing. He couldn't unify these energies, so he was naturally disappointed.
In his disappointment, he turned around and mocked all those who intended to fuse Dao Fusion. Later, even Chiyou admitted that it was impossible to fuse the Three Thousand Divine Daos together and form the Great Unification of Dao Fusion.
Therefore, when they saw Luo Zheng stupidly accommodating several hundred types of Shinto, they naturally had to mock him.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know what Fuxi was thinking. After thinking for a while, he said, "I choose the Emotion Severing Divine Dao."
Previously, Luo Zheng had been using the Spirit Crow to cleanse his godhead, but his exploration of the Divine Dao had been stagnant. Now that he wanted to return to the God Realm, he naturally needed to increase his cultivation and choose a Divine Dao to break through.
"Sure." Fuxi nodded.
Just now, he had already discovered that Luo Zheng's Chief God spark was the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, so he was not surprised by Luo Zheng's choice.
Then, Fuxi gently patted his hand, and a grey-white blueprint floated out. It floated above his and Luo Zheng's heads, and kept spinning.
Luo Zheng looked up and saw a huge Eight Trigrams floating on the diagram. Within the Eight Trigrams, there were countless grey and white colors flowing. As the Eight Trigrams rotated, it emitted a mysterious aura …
"What's this?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"This is the Eight Trigrams Record." Fuxi looked proud.
Everyone knew that Fuxi had the Eight Immemorial Treasures. They were the Dragon River Diagram, the Book of Tortoise, the Green Dragonfly Grass, the Phoenix Zither, the Demon Refining Gourd, the Eight Trigrams Record, the Spear of Heaven and Earth, and the Book of Longevity! Each of these Eight Treasures was enough to attract the covetous eyes of countless experts, even to the point of madness.
"What's the use of it?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"You'll know soon." After saying that, Fuxi gently pointed his finger. The Eight Trigrams Record spun quickly and covered Luo Zheng's head.
The moment Luo Zheng was covered by the Eight Trigrams Record, his body suddenly shook, and his eyes became lifeless. Luo Zheng's soul had been cut off from all senses of the outside world, and he had completely sunk into a world of black and white.
Fuxi stared at the dumbstruck Luo Zheng and smiled faintly. "Using the Eight Trigrams Record to help you break through is a bargain for you, kid!"
After saying that, his eyes revealed a trace of blurriness, and he immediately fell into a state of severing emotions. He put his index and middle fingers together and lightly pointed at the Eight Trigrams Record.
"Xiu!"
This sword energy shot into the Eight Trigrams Record.
After doing this, he took a few steps back and leaned against the tombstone.
The reason Fuxi gave this favor was not because of Luo Zheng himself.
Since Luo Zheng was lucky enough to be chosen by "Kong" as an agent, he would eventually achieve great things in the future …
Fuxi could not see the picture of the future, but he could make some predictions.
He swore to be the Master of the End, and for this, he paid a huge price. This kid might be able to help him in the future.
In that grey-white world, Luo Zheng quietly floated in it.
When he was brought into this world, he felt his thoughts slow down.
The Eight Trigrams Record above his head rotated slowly, and Luo Zheng felt like he was about to fall asleep.
But in this slow state of thought, he felt a sense of tranquility, and under this tranquility, he felt that his thoughts became very clear.
"This feeling is really mysterious …"
"Cultivating in this state will definitely not be slow."
"Fuxi's magic treasure is not bad …"
Luo Zheng did not know the origin of the Eight Trigrams Record, but looking at Fuxi's appearance, he also knew that this Eight Trigrams Record was probably an extraordinary treasure.
In this state of tranquility, a sword energy suddenly shot out from the huge Eight Trigrams Record above his head!
Seeing that sword energy, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
"What a pure sword energy! The Severing Emotions Divine Dao contained in it is so pure that I can't see through it … "
Although Luo Zheng had deep attainments in the Severing Emotions Divine Dao, he had not reached the Great Perfection level after all.
How profound was the Severing Emotions Divine Dao contained in the sword energy that Fuxi had shot out with his finger instead of a sword? Naturally, Luo Zheng could not see through it.
This sword energy moved very slowly, just like Luo Zheng's thoughts.
The moment this sword energy collided with the Eight Trigrams Record, it split from one into two. When it collided again, it split from two into four. This sword energy was constantly splitting …
"Every time it collides, the Severing Emotions Divine Dao in the sword energy weakens a little …" Luo Zheng's eyes shone brightly.
Four …
Eight …
Sixteen …
When the sword energy split into 128 sword energies, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly raised.
"Anatta Sword?"
At this time, Luo Zheng could finally see the Severing Emotions Divine Dao contained in the sword energy. Because it was constantly splitting, the sword energy had weakened to the point where he could see it clearly.

Chapter 2256
Just like before, the speed at which the Sword Qis merged was extremely slow.
The 128 Sword Qis merged into 64 Sword Qis, and the Emotion Severing Divine Dao hidden within doubled in power.
During the merging process, the mysteries of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao were revealed!
"I understand now …"
"This Eight Trigrams Record can continuously break down the Emotion Severing Divine Dao and reveal its essence to me!"
"Such a method …"
However, in comparison, Luo Zheng felt that this thing was still incomparable to the Immeasurable Ruler.
After all, as long as it was energy belonging to the 3,000 Divine Daos, the Immeasurable Ruler could absorb all of it. However, Luo Zheng was limited by his cultivation and could not fully utilize it.
According to Fuxi and the Primal Chaos Ancient God, merging Divine Daos was not feasible.
However, Luo Zheng did not intend to give up …
The Immeasurable Ruler was passed down to his mother by Chi You. His mother gave it to his father, Luo Xiao, and his father chose him in the end.
There must be a reason behind this.
Even if he did not succeed in the end, just the power of merging Dao energy would be of great help to Luo Zheng at this stage. He had no reason to give up.
After pondering for a while, he focused his attention on the Sword Qi and focused on comprehending it ….
On the other side …
The warden's clansmen retreated to the side of the Altar of Equality.
Since Fuxi had personally spoken, the Nirvana Realm experts present did not make things difficult for them.
After all, everyone just wanted to leave this place. As long as the warden's clan did not interfere, everything would be fine.
As for the warden's clan, they already knew that the situation was hopeless. If they continued to pester them, they would only be digging their own graves.
Moreover, Fuxi had also told them that even the "Ruins" had given up on this place. This proved that the Liberal Faction's proposition was correct, and the Conservative Faction had no need to persist …
The clan leader slowly walked toward Fu Chu with a hunched body and untied a bag behind him.
There were 13 gleaming blue short swords hidden in the bag.
There were not many people in the warden's clan who were qualified to use these short swords, and Fu Chu was one of them.
Fu Chu held the short swords in his hands and turned to nod at Ming Wei. "Master! I'm ready! "
Ming Wei smiled faintly and suppressed the excitement in her heart. She grabbed Fu Chu and disappeared in front of everyone.
She followed the Curse Chain behind her and quickly arrived at the top of a high platform. The Curse Chain that belonged to Ming Wei was tied to this high platform.
Without much hesitation, Fu Chu absorbed the Quintessential Essence in his body and poured it into the short sword.
As the blue light on the surface of the short sword became brighter and brighter, he waved the short sword and slashed at the curse chain.
"Ding …"
Along with a crisp sound.
A small golden beetle was chopped into pieces by the short sword.
This curse chain was formed by countless golden beetles biting each other, but this was only the surface.
In fact, the entire chain that bound Ming Wei was just a beetle …
When Fu Chu slashed apart this beetle, he had also slashed apart all the other beetles. Therefore, the entire curse chain was destroyed at the same time!
"It's finally disconnected …"
Ming Wei's face was filled with relief.
She had once despaired and thought that she would never be able to leave …
This damned world had bound her for too long.
Until now, Ming Wei still did not know what the purpose of "Ruin" was. Even Fuxi did not give a complete explanation.
However, it was not important now. What was important was that she could leave and return to her mother world!
"Thank you, Fu Chu," Ming Wei said faintly. At this moment, Ming Wei was very relaxed. Even though this space was very narrow, she still felt as carefree as a bird flying in the sky.
"You are my master. This is what I should do, right?" Fu Chu laughed mischievously.
Ming Wei pursed her lips. "I, Bai Wei, only have female disciples. Accepting you as my disciple is already an exception …"
Previously, Ming Wei was unwilling to acknowledge Fu Chu as her disciple and had no intention of accepting him as her disciple. She had only chosen to personally help him become a True God.
Now that she was in a good mood, she could be considered to have accepted him as her disciple.
As soon as she finished speaking, Ming Wei grabbed Fu Chu and disappeared from the high platform, returning to the Equality Altar.
Next, it was Elder Jin who brought Fu Chu to search for the curse chains that bound him. The exiles from the various large clans all had anxious expressions on their faces.
Although they knew that it would be their turn sooner or later, how could they control their emotions at such a crucial moment?
The curse chains of the exiles present were cut by Fu Chu. Next would be the Aragami.
Half a day later …
The curse chains of everyone present had been cut.
"Now, there's only Luo Zheng left," Ming Wei said as she looked at the small mountain.
Elder Jin had a worried expression on his face. "I don't know what Luo Zheng is doing. He hasn't returned yet."
Although Ming Wei did not think that Fuxi would harm Luo Zheng, such a person had been trapped here for too long. In his madness, who knew what he would do …
"Let's wait a little longer." Ming Wei did not dare to disturb him.
…
In the Eight Trigrams Record …
The sword qi continued to merge. From 128 sword intents to 64 sword intents, 64 sword intents to 32 sword intents …
Luo Zheng's mind was also constantly deducing with these sword intents.
"Sixty-four streaks of Sword Qi still contain the Anatta Sword Intent, but this Anatta Realm is much more profound …"
"Anatta …"
"I …"
"Among the 32 sword intents, I can no longer use the Anatta Realm."
"…"
Over and over again, they merged and split.
The thoughts in Luo Zheng's mind became clearer and clearer.
When the sword intents merged into one again, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed with a strange light.
"The so-called Anatta Sword Intent is, in essence, a form of denial of one's self. Subconsciously, one's consciousness cannot be cut off …"
"From the 64 sword intents to the 16 sword intents, they are shapeless and formless!"
"And from the eighth sword intents to the last sword intents, they are the return of nothingness …"
"In essence, the Emotion-Severing Divine Path is a form of nothingness energy!"
Swoosh!
At this moment, Luo Zheng saw everything that the sword intents had deduced.
His understanding of the Emotion-Severing Divine Path had also broken through several shackles!
Hum …
Under such enlightenment, Luo Zheng suddenly fell into a magical state.
The golden light on the surface of his soul shone brightly!
At this moment, he had not forgotten himself, nor had he turned into an emotionless stone. Instead, he had entered a state of nothingness.
Fuxi, who was leaning against the tombstone, saw Luo Zheng's state and the corners of his eyes twitched. "Oh?"

Chapter 2257
In Fuxi's perspective, it was not easy to make him "slightly surprised."
After all, the Realm of Gods was only a world created by Chiyou in the Primal Chaos.
The Mother World was the main world of the Primal Chaos.
Since ancient times, there had been too many world-shaking characters born there.
Fuxi lightly pointed at the Bagua Record. The Bagua Record that covered Luo Zheng's head spun, then shrank into a ball and returned to Fuxi's hand.
Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes and nodded slightly at Fuxi.
Luo Zheng, who had just comprehended the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao, did not choose to leave this place. Instead, like Fuxi, he sat cross-legged to one side.
His Inner World was rapidly condensing …
Below the continent in Luo Zheng's Inner World.
Small and narrow caves crisscrossed, and tens of thousands of spirit crows were rapidly shuttling through these caves.
These spirit crows had already developed into a huge group, and these groups were divided into areas of influence.
Sometimes, these spirit crows would even fight with each other for territory.
Luo Zheng's arrival did not attract the attention of anyone in his internal world. With a thought, countless spiritual crows were grabbed by an invisible force and pulled out from the labyrinthine caverns. They were then tossed into the sea of chaos.
"Gurgle, gurgle, gurgle …"
When these spirit crows were thrown into the sea, the brown seawater began to boil.
Huge clouds slowly rose from the surface of the sea …
Luo Zheng looked at these clouds, and his eyes flashed slightly. His entire temperament suddenly underwent a drastic change.
If the Luo Zheng under the Anatta Sword had already cut off all emotions, then the current Luo Zheng no longer had any emotions.
In that case, there was no point in Luo Zheng cutting off his feelings now. Although his eyes were full of vigor, there was no trace of "anger".
He was like a pile of stones, a wooden sculpture that had decayed for a thousand years, an iceberg that had been frozen for ten thousand years …
The brown clouds began to give birth to the charm of the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao as Luo Zheng's consciousness changed, and turned into clouds of swords.
These clouds of swords were several times sharper than the ones Luo Zheng had transformed into before!
Although Luo Zheng possessed the black spirit, he could use the black spirit to transform into a sword cloud to condense a godhead.
However, he had been trapped by his own comprehension of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, and had been unable to break through to the Great Circle. Now, it was naturally different …
"Still not enough!"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly twisted, and his eyes shone brightly again.
"Formless Formless!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's Qi changed again. Now, Luo Zheng had lost all form, as if he was not supposed to have a form.
"Nothing Returns to One!"
Clenching his teeth, Luo Zheng's aura went from extremely strong to extremely weak and quickly disappeared.
At this moment, he'd completely comprehended the state of Nothingness Convergence ….
The world didn't exist for Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng didn't exist for the world either.
As Luo Zheng's momentum changed …
The aura that erupted from the sword clouds also multiplied.
Compared to when the Anatta Sword was unleashed, it had increased by more than ten times!
Fine sword shadows circled in the clouds, as if there was a kingdom of swords hidden in the clouds.
"Huff, huff, huff …."
With a single thought from Luo Zheng, all the clouds surged towards the Godhead. Then, they quickly sank into the Godhead.
If he didn't have the Infinity Ruler, Luo Zheng should've continuously comprehended the Emotion Severing Divine Dao, and then used the black spirit to cleanse the godhead and break through to a higher cultivation ….
In fact, ever since the Infinity Ruler had been activated, it had absorbed too many Divine Daos. To a certain extent, it had led Luo Zheng astray. Luo Zheng had delved into Dao Fusion, which was tantamount to a horizontal development.
Now, he was back on the right track.
Perhaps this was one of the reasons why Luo Xiao had arranged for him to use the Emotion Severing Divine Dao. He had to rely on a certain Chief God's godhead to break through to the Great Circle!
Just as Luo Zheng was concentrating on cleansing the godhead, a spatial fluctuation suddenly came from one side of Luo Zheng's body.
Just as Luo Zheng was feeling puzzled, a figure suddenly appeared!
"Evil Deities?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Since leaving the Realm of the Gods, Luo Zheng had been too busy taking care of himself. He didn't have much time to pay attention to these people in his inner world.
He glanced at Evil Deities and was a little surprised. "You've actually attained the Divine Dao!"
"Master," Evil Deities cupped his hands toward Luo Zheng. Although he looked very respectful, his face was still a little gloomy. "I'm not the only one who's cultivated to become a True God. Even my two grandsons have cultivated to become True Gods …. Moreover, I've comprehended all the Divine Daos that Master laid down. However, due to the limitations of my cultivation, I can only comprehend twenty to thirty percent of them …."
Evil Deities was really gloomy. Luo Zheng had disappeared for countless years. He had promised to release him and let him leave this world, but until now, he hadn't fulfilled his promise!
"You've also comprehended those hundreds of Divine Daos?" Luo Zheng was even more surprised.
Although Luo Zheng had absorbed hundreds of Divine Daos, it was with the help of the Infinite Ruler. Evil Deities had completely absorbed those Divine Daos for his own use by relying on his own comprehension ability. This talent really amazed Luo Zheng.
However, this didn't mean that Luo Zheng's comprehension ability was lower than Evil Deities'.
After all, there was still a huge difference in the flow of time. Luo Zheng had only taken about ten years to go from the Realm of the Gods to the prison created by the Primal Chaos Ancient God.
On the other hand, the flow of time in Luo Zheng's inner world was countless times faster. Evil Deities had no opponents in this world, so he spent almost all of his time concentrating on cultivation. Naturally, his speed was faster than Luo Zheng's ….
"Yes!" Evil Deities answered, then asked with a wry smile, "Master, when will you let me out …."
Luo Zheng smiled faintly, then replied, "I've been running around all these years, so I haven't had the chance to let you out. However, it won't be long!"
Naturally, he wouldn't explain the Realm of the Gods and the world outside to Evil Deities ….
For Evil Deities born in his inner world, it might be difficult for them to understand the structure of the outside world. Once Evil Deities entered the Realm of the Gods, they would naturally understand.
Evil Deities was already quite satisfied with this answer.
All he could do was wait. He had already waited for so many years, so waiting a few more years was nothing.
With this conversation, all the sword clouds fused into Luo Zheng's Godhead.
"Rumble …."
A thunderous sound came from the distance.
A sharp ray of light shot out from the Godhead and soared into the sky!
With Evil Deities' intelligence, he immediately knew that Luo Zheng had completed a breakthrough in his cultivation. He immediately cupped his hands and said, "Congratulations, Master, your cultivation has advanced another step!"

Chapter 2258
Evil God was restricted by his own cultivation. Although he had dabbled in those God Daos, they weren't strong enough.
Although he had dabbled in the Divine Dao, he could only comprehend twenty to thirty percent of each one. This was because lower True Gods could only comprehend the first two stages of the Divine Dao.
Now that Luo Zheng had broken through and reached Perfection, his Evil Deities had broken through as well. Naturally, he could comprehend even more.
Luo Zheng's face also revealed a trace of pleasant surprise.
Luo Zheng had also benefited a lot from Fuxi's Eight Trigrams Records. Otherwise, it would have taken him some time to reach Perfection.
Most importantly, Luo Zheng's Perfection was somewhat different from other Perfection Deities.
Because of the Immeasurable Ruler, he had absorbed almost all the Divine Daos he had seen with his own eyes. Once he absorbed them, he could completely possess them!
Previously, he had been limited by his own cultivation.
Now that he had reached Perfection, he could also use other Divine Daos' Perfection Deities!
When the Godhead's radiance slowly dissipated, the Godhead began to slowly rotate, and Luo Zheng's inner world began to rapidly expand.
More and more continents surfaced, and the Primal Chaos Ocean expanded by ten times. The distance between the Sanskrit characters that bound Luo Zheng's internal world also widened again …
…
…
Not long after, Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes.
Sitting cross-legged, he reached out and twisted his hand. A longsword suddenly appeared in his hand!
In front of Fuxi, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't take out the Shadow Bearing Sword. Although this person didn't show any hostility and even helped him break through, he still didn't trust him too much.
"Weng —"
The longsword trembled slightly, and a wisp of sword intent slowly spiraled on the blade.
At the same time, Luo Zheng once again immersed himself in the state of Nothingness Returns to One. Luo Zheng's longsword gave birth to a terrifying energy!
Just as Luo Zheng was about to slash out, a finger rested on the longsword's body.
His finger was like a black hole. The moment it touched the longsword, the power it was giving birth to disappeared without a trace …
"Don't destroy my mountain," Fuxi said indifferently.
Luo Zheng had originally planned to test the sword and judge the power of the consummate Emotion Severing Divine Dao. Now that Fuxi had stopped him, he smiled faintly.
He stood up and held his long sword, bowing slightly to Fuxi. "Thank you for your help, Senior. Junior Luo Zheng is deeply grateful."
Fuxi looked dispirited. He waved his hand and leaned against the tombstone with his eyes closed.
Luo Zheng didn't want to stay here. After thanking him, he left.
After Luo Zheng flew away, Fuxi opened his eyes slightly. He stared at Luo Zheng and murmured, "Inherited from Chiyou's Three Thousand Divine Dao and opened up the Thousand Fan Domain … Now, he's been chosen by the Primal Chaos Ancient God. I wonder what Chiyou would think if he knew …"
With Fuxi's experience, he'd already discerned many clues with a single glance. But he wasn't too interested in interrogating Chen Xi in detail, and this kid would most likely not tell him.
Of course, he understood Luo Zheng's origin. This kid was bound to be a very important person to the Li Tribe …
After all, even among the large tribes in the Mother World, there were many who could open up the Thousand Fan Domain.
…
…
After crossing the short mountain, Luo Zheng returned to the Altar of Equality.
Many exiles were waiting for Luo Zheng.
"Luo Zheng!"
Seeing a figure rushing over, Elder Jin, Fu Er, and the others' eyes suddenly lit up.
"That guy didn't make things difficult for you, did he?" Elder Jin asked with concern.
They were most worried about Luo Zheng's safety. As long as Luo Zheng was fine, everything was fine!
But then again, if something really happened to Luo Zheng, they couldn't do anything to Fuxi …
"You've reached the consummate stage?" Fu Er's eyes lit up.
Luo Zheng nodded with a smile. "It's all thanks to Lord Fuxi's help!"
If it wasn't for the Eight Trigrams Record, Luo Zheng would still need to slowly explore the Emotion Severing Divine Path. It was hard to say how long it would take for him to reach the consummate stage.
"Congratulations, Luo Zheng. Let Fu Chu take you to sever the curse chains," Ming Wei said with a smile.
As soon as she finished speaking, Fu Chu walked out with a short sword …
After Luo Zheng's curse chains were severed by Fu Chu, the lucky ones who stepped into this space were all liberated.
However, other than these people, there were also a large number of Aragami outside this world.
This was a huge project. It would take a lot of time to sever the curse chains of hundreds of thousands of people.
However, these people were the descendants of the exiles. Their bodies carried the bloodline of the exiles. Naturally, the exiles wouldn't be willing to leave them here …
Hence, Luo Zheng and the others retreated into the bone pagoda. Each large tribe would leave behind one or two exiles to assist Fu Chu in severing the curse chains one by one.
A few days later …
Below the Chi Ling Bone Pagoda.
Several exiles from the Fire Meld Tribe came to bid farewell.
They kept the tens of thousands of Aragami in their inner worlds and flew toward the deep sky.
The Chaos was unimaginably vast.
Even for Nirvana Realm powerhouses, returning to their mother world would be a long and arduous journey.
However, all of the exiles were eager to return home. They only hoped to depart as soon as possible!
After the Fire Meld Tribe, it was the Star Deer Tribe …
Then, it was the Xuan Mi Tribe …
Not all of the Aragami chose to leave.
Some of the Aragami were born in this world and grew up in this world. They were unwilling to leave with the exiles of their tribe.
They knew that without the protection of the exiles, their future days would not be easy. However, they still stubbornly chose to stay.
The exiles did not force the Aragami to make their choice. They could only let them do as they wished.
A month later …
Swoosh!
A sword ray that was thousands of feet long shot out from the Chengying Sword.
The moment the sword ray was shot out, its power covered an area of hundreds of miles …
This sword-light contained a resolute power, as if it could cut through everything between heaven and earth.
Smack!
The sword ray was pushed forward at an extremely fast speed and slashed at the back of the Chi Spirit Bone Pagoda.
Although the sword ray was extremely sharp, it could not leave any mark on the bone pagoda …
However, Luo Zheng was quite satisfied with the sword.
"After completing the Emotion Severing Divine Path, the power of the sword is about five times stronger than the previous Dao Fusion Sword …
"The power of the Dao Fusion Sword will increase even more. It's a pity that I can't use it now …"
When Luo Zheng's cultivation base increased, he had to fuse the energy again.
This was because the energy that he fused previously was not perfect. After all, he could not use other perfected Divine Path abilities at that time.
In the past month, while Luo Zheng was constantly refining the Emotion Severing Sword, he was also using the True Meaning of Nature to fuse the Divine Path again.
However, the difficulty of fusing these perfected Divine Path abilities into one was naturally much higher than before. It would still take some time to completely fuse them …
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly saw several streaks of light flashing in the sky. They were approaching from afar at an extremely fast speed. The leading streak of light was dragging a long rainbow ribbon of light behind it.
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly. The Nuwa Tribe was ready as well …

Chapter 2259
In Chi Ling Bone Pagoda …
The Aragami of the Chiyou Clan were lined up in a long line. There was an oval-shaped portal in front of the line.
The portal was connected to the world inside Jin's body.
Elder Jin had already opened up a separate continent within his internal world.
At the same time, a huge bone pagoda was built on top of the continent.
After all, the Aragami were not used to leaving the bone pagoda. Jin did that to take care of the feelings of his people.
Even so, there were still many Aragami who chose to stay.
The Aragami who chose to stay were at the other side of the cave. They quietly watched the migration of their people with mixed feelings.
The bad news was that the Exiles had left. They would lose the protection of the powerful ones.
The good news was that the Exiles from the other major clans had also left. The Aragami that they left behind would still have the right to dominate this world with their own bloodline.
After most of the Aragami had entered Jin's body, the Exiles bid farewell to the remaining Aragami.
The exiles had a deep bond with their clansmen after all. Before they left, they had given them a lot of powerful magical equipment and left behind a lot of cultivation resources.
After that, they left Chi Ling Bone Pagoda and gathered with Ming Wei and the others.
When the Exiles had just broken the curse, Ming Wei and Jin had warned all the Exiles that they were not allowed to have any ideas about the ship.
The other Exiles would definitely not touch Ming Wei and Jin's heads. Moreover, the ship was still under the control of the Nuwa Clan.
Luo Zheng, Jin, Chi Yi and the others looked to the north. That was where the Brute Water Bone Pagoda was.
Even though they were far away, they could still see a faint yellow light floating in the sky. That was the Divine Dominion.
For Luo Zheng, he was very excited that he could finally return to the Divine Dominion.
On the other hand, Jin, Chi Yi and the others were feeling more complicated.
As the people of the Li Clan, they were shocked when they learned that Chiyou was defeated by the Dihong Clan. They almost could not believe it.
The Divine Dominion might be the only hope of the Li Clan. They would naturally support Luo Zheng and do their best for the Li Clan.
"Let's go." Ming Wei said calmly.
The exiles of the two great clans brought Luo Zheng to the bottom of the barbarian water bone tower after a few teleportations.
At the top of the Barbarian Water Bone Pagoda, a blood-red light belt extended upwards, firmly binding the God Domain.
"When we reach the Divine Domain, I will undo Wahwa's shadow," Ming Wei said.
This blood-red light band was formed by Wa Ying. Ming Wei and the others had never been able to break it.
This was because Luo Zheng had once repaired the Divine Domain's power source. Once this belt of light was released, the Divine Domain would be free of its restraints and would soar upwards, flying away from the bottom of the Chaos. By then, it would not be easy to chase after it.
Without much communication, everyone began their Greater Teleportation upwards.
This bone pagoda was several trillion feet tall. If Luo Zheng were to climb it, it would probably take years.
But under the lead of the Nirvana Realm expert, it only took a few hours for them to arrive at the top of the bone pagoda …
The God Domain, which was originally the size of an egg, had become extremely huge in everyone's eyes. It was like a gigantic jewel in the sky, giving off a magical feeling.
After crossing the top of the Barbarian Water Bone Pagoda, the Nirvana Realm experts of the two clans continued to move in space, shuttling, shifting, and shuttling …
A few days later …
They arrived at the left side of the God Domain.
Compared to the huge God Domain, their bodies were as small as dust, or even smaller than dust …
Even Ming Wei and the others were shocked when they saw this huge object at such a close distance.
"As expected of a Weapon Grandmaster's masterpiece. To be able to create such a huge ship …" Ming Wei could not help but praise.
Hearing this, Elder Jin, Chi Yi, and the others could not help but look proud.
The ancient mighty beings of the Mother World each had their own methods and contributions. Chi You's title of "Weapon Grandmaster" was not for nothing!
The God Domain was the last hope of the Li Clan. Chi You must have spent a lot of effort to create the God Domain in the Chaos.
"The Great Chieftain's masterpiece is naturally extraordinary." Elder Jin chuckled. "Let's go in!"
Then, Elder Jin took a step in the air. His figure flashed, and he was about to use greater teleportation to enter the God Domain.
However, as soon as he entered the void, there was a muffled "dong" sound.
He fell out of the God Domain, and his face was full of shock …
Seeing this, Ming Wei's eyes flickered. "This ship set up a space barrier to seal off the outer space?"
Elder Jin looked embarrassed and stroked his beard. "It should be. The Great Chieftain would naturally put up a strict defense to protect the safety of his clansmen …"
"How could this be? Why was it fine when I left? "Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a strange light.
He was sent out by his mother. At that time, he did not encounter any space barrier.
Fu Er glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. "You belong to the God Domain. Naturally, you can enter and leave freely. This is very easy for you. However, we are not. Naturally, we are excluded from the God Domain."
"That's still not right." Luo Zheng shook his head. "Why can those Xuan Yuan Guards enter?"
Ming Wei smiled faintly. With a tap of her foot, she floated forward. At the same time, she said, "When they first entered the God Domain, they must have spent a lot of effort. For example, they used some method to destroy the outer walls of the God Domain?"
After saying this …
Ming Wei's eyes became extremely sharp.
Between her fair fingers, there were flashes of rainbow-colored light.
Each of the rainbow-colored light spots contained extremely terrifying energy. As these light spots continued to spiral, they formed a spiral-like cone.
"Go!"
Ming Wei's slender finger pointed lightly.
The cone formed by the rainbow-colored light spots shot toward the outer walls of the God Domain.
"Buzz buzz buzz buzz …"
"Boom!"
After the cone spun at high speed on the outer walls of the God Domain, it quickly exploded and released a dazzling ball of light.
After the ball of light disappeared, the expressions of all the Nirvana Realm powerhouses changed drastically.
The outer walls of the God Domain were still emitting a faint yellow light. Within the faint yellow light, the shadow of a triangular shield faintly appeared.
It was also under the protection of this shield that Ming Wei's powerful attack did not damage it in the slightest!
Now, even Ming Wei could only smile bitterly. "The masterpiece of a Weapon Grandmaster is really too extraordinary …"
Among these Nirvana Realm powerhouses, Ming Wei was the strongest.
Her full-powered attack was actually unable to break the outer walls of the God Domain. Everyone's expressions froze for a moment.

Chapter 2260
This Sky Mirror Shield was not created by Chiyou. Instead, Chiyou obtained it from an ancient ruin.
After Chiyou became a Weapon Grandmaster, he rarely used this shield and had always given it to Duan Xiu.
Fu Er had seen Duan Xiu use this shield before, so when he saw the triangular shield, he knew the name of this Dharma treasure.
"The Sky Mirror Shield covers heaven and earth. It uses the power of formlessness. It won't be easy to break it," Chi Yi added.
Elder Jin raised his eyebrows slightly and said, "I'll do it. Everyone, back off!"
Fu Er placed a hand on Luo Zheng's shoulder, and the other Nirvana Realm powerhouses quickly backed off.
Elder Jin spread his hands, and a golden saber appeared in his hands.
"Rise!"
After Elder Jin said that word, his body began to expand rapidly, and he instantly became a giant that was hundreds of thousands of feet tall.
He carried the saber on his shoulder, and his white hair and beard danced in the wind. His aura spread out in all directions, giving people a huge sense of oppression!
Fu Er waved his hand and helped Luo Zheng block the aura. Otherwise, this aura would have injured Luo Zheng.
Elder Jin roared as he gripped the golden broadsword.
The saber slashed a thin line from top to bottom.
The seemingly inconspicuous saber strike contained an extremely profound True Meaning of the Dao. That vertical line contained some sort of True Energy within the Primal Chaos …
"So powerful …"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly and secretly glanced at Ming Wei beside him.
In reality, ever since Luo Zheng fell into the world below, he had never seen Ming Wei and Elder Jin use their true strength.
After all, the exiles of Nuwa, Chiyou, and Xuanyuan did not fight head-on.
In the space where the wardens lived, Ming Wei easily defeated the exiles of the smaller clans. After that, everyone was suppressed by the equality of all living beings.
They did not have the chance to use their full strength …
Now that he saw Elder Jin's terrifying slash, Luo Zheng's heart trembled.
When Elder Jin's slash touched the outer wall of the Divine Territory, a triangular shield appeared again.
However, this shield was countless times larger than the previous one!
"Crack!"
It was accompanied by a deep muffled sound.
Elder Jin's slash hit the outer wall of the Realm of the Gods.
It was exactly the same as Ming Wei's previous attack. This slash didn't leave a single mark on it …
Chi Yi exhaled. "The defenses of the God Domain itself are nothing to be afraid of. What's troublesome is this Heavenly Mirror Shield …"
After Ming Wei and Elder Jin had both tried, everyone had completely given up on the idea of using violence.
However, they had no choice but to enter the Realm of the Gods …
Therefore, the few Nirvana Realm experts of the Nuwa Clan, Fu Er, and the others also used their own methods.
Fu Er took out a Space Cleaving Talisman and tried to crack the Space Barrier that was blocking the Greater Teleportation, but in the end, he failed.
A Nirvana Realm elite of the Nuwa Clan released Corrosive Venom to corrode the Heavenly Realm's shield, but it failed …
After this round of attacks, all of them failed. Everyone was at their wits' end.
"I didn't expect that at this stage, we can't even enter a single ship," an exile from the Chiyou Clan said with a bitter smile.
"You can't say that. After all, this ship is too important to the Chiyou Clan. Even the Heavenly Mirror Shield can be integrated into this ship. I think the Great Chieftain has bet his entire fortune on this ship," Elder Jin muttered.
Originally, Elder Jin still had some doubts about Luo Zheng's words.
He didn't believe that such a powerful Li Clan would fall just like that. How could such a powerful Great Chieftain lose just like that …
Now that they were facing the Realm of the Gods, the last bit of doubt in his heart disappeared completely. Otherwise, the Great Chieftain wouldn't have paid so much for a single ship.
"Everyone, take a rest. Since those Xuan Yuan Guards have a way to enter, I'm sure we can find a way too." Ming Wei smiled faintly.
They didn't give up.
The Realm of the Gods was so huge. They didn't believe that a single Heavenly Mirror Shield could protect it completely. They would definitely find a loophole to enter.
At this time, Ming Wei looked at Luo Zheng and asked, "Luo Zheng, do you know where the Realm of the Gods is weak?"
"Weak …" Luo Zheng sank into deep thought.
Luo Zheng didn't know much about the Realm of the Gods. Although he was inside, it was difficult for him to see the whole picture.
However, in the sun, Luo Zheng had indeed used that angle to observe the entire Realm of the Gods …
After a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
"Above!"
Luo Zheng's gaze followed the outer wall of the Realm of the Gods.
"Above? What's above? "Chi Yi asked curiously.
Now that the Realm of the Gods had been integrated with the Heavenly Mirror Shield, the entire Realm of the Gods was probably under the protection of the Heavenly Mirror Shield. Could there be a weak spot at the top of the Realm of the Gods?
"The universe created by the Saints is above. Perhaps we can enter the Realm of the Gods through those universes," Luo Zheng guessed.
Luo Zheng wasn't too sure, but it was better than doing nothing …
Ming Wei nodded. "Then let's go up and take a look!"
After the discussion, the Nirvana Realm powerhouses once again led the group upward.
One day later …
The group finally climbed to the top of the Realm of the Gods.
Compared to the bottom and sides of the Realm of the Gods, the top of the Realm of the Gods wasn't flat.
In the center of the top, there were huge "bulges" one after another. It was as if huge balls were buried in the Realm of the Gods. Only a small part of the balls were exposed.
"What are these?" Ming Wei looked surprised.
"Universe," Luo Zheng answered.
Elder Jin and the rest were surprised. "What's universe?"
"It's the Saint's Inner World." Luo Zheng felt strange. These Nirvana Realm powerhouses didn't even know this. He could only explain, "The top powerhouses in the Realm of the Gods attached their Inner Worlds to the Realm of the Gods. Their strength is much stronger than that of a Paragon!"
Hearing Luo Zheng's explanation, some of the Nirvana Realm powerhouses still didn't quite understand.
However, Ming Wei seemed to have understood. She smiled slightly. "The Weapon Grandmaster really put in a lot of effort. This kind of 'Saint' can rely on this ship to build an even bigger Inner World. They have strength that far exceeds that of a Paragon. The strength of these Saints should be close to that of a Nirvana Realm powerhouse, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
The strength of a Saint might not be as strong as a Xuan Yuan Wei, but they were much stronger than a Paragon. They were not much weaker than an ordinary Nirvana Realm powerhouse.
More importantly, they had the ability to be immortal. As long as the universe still existed, they had an advantage over Nirvana Realm powerhouses!
Just as they were approaching the bulges of the universe, Fu Er felt something strange in the distance. He turned his head slightly and pointed to the upper left. Then, he said, "Look, what's that?"
They flew to the top of the Realm of the Gods and had completely left the prison below.
Looking up, they were surrounded by clouds formed by the aura of Chaos. These "clouds of Chaos" didn't look big, but in reality, the volume of each cloud of Chaos was as big as billions of Realm of the Gods …
At the tail end of the Chaos cloud closest to the Realm of the Gods, there was a green light spot speeding along.

Chapter 2261
Their field of vision was extremely wide in the chaos.
At a glance, it was like looking up at the starry sky. They could see extremely distant scenes.
Ming Wei sized them up and said indifferently, "Maybe they're plankton in the chaos. They're too far away from us. Don't worry about them."
Even with Ming Wei and the others' flying speed, it would take them several years to get close to those black spots.
"There are also living creatures in the chaos?" Luo Zheng took the opportunity to ask.
"Of course. The chaos looks empty because it's too big. In fact, there are many living creatures in the chaos!" Ming Wei smiled.
Luo Zheng stared at the distant speck of light, then looked at the boundless brown chaotic clouds in the sky, and a thoughtful expression appeared on his face.
Master had been in the chaos for so many years without any news. With Master's strength, he didn't know if he could protect himself if he encountered those powerful living creatures in the chaos.
Speaking of which, perhaps Master had also returned to the Realm of the Gods while he was away?
Luo Zheng became anxious. He didn't know how Immortal Abode was doing after being away for so long. He didn't even know if his mother was safe …
Worried, he followed Ming Wei and the others and approached those huge "bulges".
The exiles didn't hesitate. They used their remarkable powers again, hoping to break through the outer wall of the divine realm. They hoped to use the universe to enter the divine realm.
Unexpectedly, the result wasn't much different. The Sky Mirror Shield was still following them like a shadow!
After another failed attempt, Chi Yi came to a conclusion. "The Sky Mirror Shield isn't something we can break. I'm afraid we can't enter the divine realm with brute force!"
"If even you can't enter the divine realm, then it's even more impossible for the Xuan Yuan Guards," Luo Zheng said gloomily.
When he heard this, Elder Jin's eyes narrowed as he said, "Perhaps the strength of those Xuan-Yuan Guards is even more formidable than us?"
"That's possible, but not likely," Luo Zheng said, blinking.
"You have confidence in us." Ming Wei smiled faintly. "If we can't break the Sky Mirror Shield, I'm afraid there's only one other method. This method is stupid, but it can guarantee that we can enter the divine realm. I'm guessing … the Xuan Yuan Guards used the same method!"
Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with suspicion. Fu Er's eyes flashed as he asked, "Break through the space barrier?"
Elder Jin nodded. "The spatial barrier surrounding the Divine Realm is quite thick. It will take a long time to break through it."
"How long will it take?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Half a year? Two years? Five years … It's hard to estimate the time. After all, the spatial barrier was set up by Chi You. It can only be broken bit by bit. This method is very stupid, but it is undoubtedly effective, "Ming Wei replied.
"I can't wait that long. I don't know how my mother is. There are too many variables in a few years!" Luo Zheng shook his head, his face full of disappointment.
They were already outside of God's Domain, yet it would take them several years to enter. Luo Zheng found this hard to accept.
Old Man Jin, Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the other Chiyou clansmen silently lowered their heads.
They stood on a different side from Ming Wei and the others.
Ming Wei had helped Luo Zheng out of friendship, but Old Man Jin and the others had helped Luo Zheng out of obligation!
Moreover, Luo Zheng's mother, Luo Shui, was the Great Tribal Chief's daughter and the Li Clan's princess!
Seeing Old Man Jin and the others' expressions, Luo Zheng realized that his tone had been too harsh. Old Man Jin and Fu Er were probably more anxious than he was.
There was no reason to blame them like this.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then said, "Since the spatial barrier is keeping you outside, how about you send me in first?"
Ming Wei had said before that those born in God's Domain could enter and exit freely without being obstructed by the spatial barrier.
Whether it was Luo Zheng or the Saints who had come in and out, they had all verified this.
"It won't be difficult to send you in, Luo Zheng." Fu Er looked worried. "But with your current strength, I'm afraid you won't be able to face the Xuan Yuan Guards!"
Chi Yi added, "Yes, even if we let you in alone, I'm afraid it won't help!"
Old Man Jin nodded. "Absolutely not!"
In the end, they were still worried about Luo Zheng's safety …
After entering God's Domain, Luo Zheng would have to face those Perfected True Gods, Saints, and Nirvana Realm experts!
In the eyes of Old Man Jin and Fu Er, letting Luo Zheng in alone was an act of seeking death. How could they not be worried?
Luo Zheng pursed his lips, took a deep breath, and said slowly, "My father's major is the Great Yan Divine Path. In order to take revenge on those Saints and the Xuan Yuan Guards, he has planned for countless years. If we calculate according to the time of the universe, it's about thirty to forty billion years, which is more than ten epochs' worth of time."
"In my father's plan, you don't exist," Luo Zheng continued with a burning gaze. "I choose to believe in my father."
Luo Zheng's words were very straightforward.
In Luo Xiao's plan to fight against Dongfang Chunjun and the Xuan Yuan Guards, he did not take these exiles at the bottom of the Chaos into account.
Even without them, Luo Zheng believed in his father's plans and strategies!
Old Man Jin and Chi Yi secretly looked at each other …
In their eyes, no matter how much chaos there was in God's Domain, as long as they entered God's Domain, everything would be cleared up by them and end!
Luo Zheng was too important. They would definitely not allow him to die.
Therefore, Old Man Jin and the others planned to control Luo Zheng. After they settled everything, they would release Luo Zheng.
Just as they were hesitating, Ming Wei had already taken the lead and walked towards Luo Zheng. With a light tap of her slender finger, a small oil lamp appeared.
She raised the oil lamp and waved it in front of Luo Zheng's forehead. Luo Zheng felt that his soul had formed a connection with this small oil lamp. Then, the oil lamp lit up with a green flame.
"Your life lamp is ready. If you die, your life lamp will be extinguished. We will know immediately," Ming Wei said softly. "I will help you enter God's Domain."
"Ming Wei!"
"Leader Ming Wei!"
"You know what Luo Zheng means to the Li Tribe!"
Old Man Jin, Fu Er, and the others were furious. They thought that Ming Wei was pushing Luo Zheng into a pit of fire.
"Of course I know." Ming Wei turned around and smiled. "But don't forget, this is the path that Luo Zheng chose himself. If he is really the hope of the Li Tribe, you must choose to believe in him. Otherwise, there is really no hope for the Li Tribe!"
Old Man Jin and the others fell silent …
If they hoped for the Li Tribe to rise again, relying on Old Man Jin and the others was definitely not enough.
The most important thing was that Luo Zheng could grow up. Protecting Luo Zheng blindly was indeed not very meaningful.
Ming Wei saw that they did not speak. Her beautiful eyes flashed slightly. She tapped down lightly, and a dense spatial power spread out, forming a circular spatial tunnel in front of her.
This spatial tunnel stretched for hundreds of millions of miles. It passed through a universe and led to the interior of God's Domain …
Just as she opened up this spatial tunnel, on a floating island in the Sea of Time.

Chapter 2262
The spatial tunnel that Ming Wei had created just so happened to be diagonally above the entire Ultimate Universe.
It went all the way down and pierced through the entire Ultimate Universe!
Mu Haiji was the controller of the Great Extreme Space. He was very sensitive to the Great Extreme Space. He could clearly sense the fluctuations of the Laws of Space.
As a Saint, Mu Haiji was confident that he could create such a long spatial tunnel, but he was far from being able to do it so stably …
Moreover, this spatial tunnel came from the periphery of the Ultimate Universe, which was outside the Divine Realm!
Who had created this spatial tunnel?
With a thought, Mu Haiji formed an Inner Body Avatar that appeared in the Great Extreme Space.
In front of him, there was an invisible spatial tunnel that went all the way down …
"This Space Passage should be a way to enter the Divine Realm." Mu Haiji's expression turned solemn before he sneered, "No matter who it is, it's impossible for them to rashly enter the Divine Realm like this! Shatter! "
Mu Haiji clenched his fist toward the spatial tunnel.
In his internal world, everyone was a near-invincible god. They could be said to be omniscient and omnipotent …
With a clench of his fist, the invisible spatial tunnel instantly shattered and collapsed!
At the same time …
At the top of the Divine Realm, Ming Wei frowned and snorted, "It seems that a so-called Saint has destroyed my spatial tunnel."
"Like Luo Zheng said, since this universe is the internal world of those Saints, let's avoid it," a Nirvana Realm powerhouse of the Nuwa Clan advised.
They could completely bypass this "universe" and construct another spatial tunnel. This wasn't difficult at all.
Unexpectedly, Ming Wei's nose twitched. "No!"
With that, Ming Wei waved her hand lightly, and a seven-colored light slowly spread in her eyes.
A sharp True Intent of the Dao spread out …
"It's the True Dao of Void and Vanishing …" Luo Zheng's mind stirred slightly.
This True Dao of Void and Vanishing inherited a portion of the spatial laws' power, but it wasn't complete. However, there was no doubt that the True Dao of Void and Vanishing had a much broader understanding of space than the Spatial Divine Dao.
Luo Zheng had once sensed this True Dao intent in the Xuan Yuan Clan's Xian Ze and his master, Di Jin.
"Buzz …"
An even more powerful spatial fluctuation gathered in Ming Wei's hand. She lightly pointed downwards.
Another spatial tunnel was formed …
In the Great Extreme Space, Mu Haiji looked up at the collapsed space passage with a faint smile on his face.
No matter who it was, if they wanted to build a spatial tunnel, they would have to ask for his permission first!
However, as soon as this spatial tunnel shattered, another spatial tunnel rapidly formed. In an instant, it pierced through the entire universe and extended all the way to the Divine Realm …
"Again?" Mu Haiji's face darkened as he pinched the space channel again.
But this time, Mu Haiji failed.
Mu Hai could clearly sense this Space Tunnel, but it was like an illusory mirage. He couldn't touch this Space Tunnel, so naturally, he couldn't destroy it.
"What's going on!?" Mu Haiji's expression was strange.
He couldn't destroy a spatial tunnel that was constructed in his Divine Domain?
Unwilling to accept this, Mu Haiji used several spells, but the spatial tunnel remained motionless.
This time, Mu Haiji's expression turned serious. This was completely beyond Mu Haiji's scope of understanding …
"Who was the one who built this spatial tunnel?"
As a Saint, Mu Haiji had the right to leave the Divine Domain and investigate at the top of the Divine Domain.
However, as soon as this thought surfaced in his mind, he extinguished it.
No matter who this person was, it was likely an existence he couldn't afford to provoke. He had to report this to Dongfang Chunjun …
The spatial tunnel that Ming Wei constructed once again extended downwards. From one tunnel, it split into 13 tunnels.
Although she had forcibly built a spatial tunnel here in a fit of pique, she still had to consider Luo Zheng's safety.
If someone captured Luo Zheng's location, it would be troublesome.
The thirteen tunnels were scattered throughout the Divine Domain, and Luo Zheng had entered the Divine Domain from one of them at random. This would greatly increase the difficulty of tracking him.
"This is the Annihilation Lightning Talisman! Luo Zheng, you can use it when you need to save your life. "Fu Er held three pale yellow talismans in his hand. On the surface of these talismans, streaks of lightning constantly danced.
"This is a Demon Blood Pill. As long as your soul isn't destroyed, you can instantly rebuild your physical body …" Chi Yi handed Luo Zheng a red pill.
"This is …" Elder Jin said.
When Ming Wei saw this, she couldn't help but purse her lips. She was about to say something, but in the end, she chose to shut her mouth.
After all, they had good intentions and were afraid that something would happen to Luo Zheng.
Unfortunately, this group of men didn't have the foresight of a woman like her. Whether it was now or in the future, Luo Zheng's path wouldn't be smooth sailing. Elder Jin and the others still had an advantage in strength and could help Luo Zheng.
But what about after returning to the Mother World?
In that Mother World, where experts were as common as clouds, even Ming Wei was nothing. She couldn't protect him forever.
Luo Zheng didn't refuse Elder Jin and the others' good intentions.
After everything was prepared, he cupped his hands and bid farewell to everyone. "Thank you for seeing me off, Elders. If you can break through the spatial barrier, I hope we can meet again!"
Then he turned around and stepped into the spatial tunnel. In the blink of an eye, he disappeared in front of them.
Unlike Elder Jin, Luo Zheng didn't encounter any spatial barriers in the spatial tunnel.
The spatial tunnel constructed by Ming Wei was very stable, and he could travel through it at a relatively fast speed …
Six hours later …
Luo Zheng had already crossed the entire great extreme universe and entered one of the thirteen spatial passageways at the same time.
Twenty-four hours later …
Luo Zheng felt his body suddenly become heavy, and his falling speed suddenly accelerated.
Whoosh!
A huge inertia exerted on Luo Zheng's body. He was like a falling stone, smashing into the ground at lightning speed.
"Rise!"
Luo Zheng shouted, trying to fly into the air.
But the inertia was too strong. He couldn't reverse the inertia and fly up. The inertia was like an invisible hand pressing him down to the ground.
He was getting closer and closer to the ground. If he fell at such a high speed, even if he didn't die, he would be seriously injured. Moreover, it would cause a huge commotion.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he suddenly disappeared.
He was already at the Peak Realm and was no longer restricted by the spatial laws. He could use greater teleportation.
At this time, he teleported to a higher place …
Even so, the huge inertia didn't disappear, and he continued to fall.
"Again!"
Just as he was about to smash into the ground again, Luo Zheng teleported to a higher place and continued to fall.
After repeating this over ten times, the huge inertia finally weakened and disappeared …

Chapter 2263
On the Dongfang Family's floating island, Mu Haiji walked out of the void with a spatial ripple.
In the Sea of Time, only Saints could safely use Spatial Transference.
But under normal circumstances, Saints wouldn't do so. Mu Haiji's sudden appearance on the Dongfang Family's floating island meant something important.
When the two guards of the Dongfang family saw that Mu Haiji had come in person, they hurriedly went up and bowed.
"I'm looking for the Great Sage of the East. I have something to discuss with him. Hurry and pass on the message," Mu Haiji said calmly.
The two guards looked at each other, and a trace of embarrassment appeared on their faces.
One of them said, "The Great Sage is in the back hall. He said that no one is to disturb him no matter what!"
"The back hall! He's been in the back hall all this time! He'll be destroyed by that woman sooner or later! "Mu Haiji's face was filled with anger.
In the past few years, Dongfang Chunjun's personality had become extremely strange.
Originally, under the leadership of the Wealthy Alliance, they wanted to take control of the Abyss Demonic Region. But now that matter had been put on hold.
Every time the Saints visited, Dongfang Chunjun would either be in the back hall or exploring the Sea of Time to find a body for that woman!
In the eyes of the Saints like Mu Haiji, the Wealthy Alliance had the absolute advantage and controlled the situation …
But three of the Four Great Sacred Lands were already controlled by outsiders.
Mount Buzhou was controlled by Luo Xiao's eldest disciple. Takeshima Forest was controlled by Gu Bei's second disciple.
As for Hun Huang, Shi Xiaoqiao had saved Luo Zheng's life last time. It seemed that she was also on Luo Xiao's side.
Although Luo Xiao had fallen, his schemes were far-reaching. Mu Haiji was always wary of him, afraid that he'd make a comeback one day.
When the two guards heard Mu Haiji's words, they turned pale with fright.
"Supreme Saint, don't be so agitated …"
"Our Great Sage will be here soon!"
The two guards were afraid that Mu Haiji would anger Dongfang Chunjun. If he took his anger out on them, they'd be in trouble.
Why would Mu Haiji care about them?
In his anger, he took a deep breath and said loudly, "Great Sage of the East, Mu Haiji has something to discuss with you. Please come out!"
This voice was loud and clear from afar, and it traveled all the way through the layers of palaces ….
In the exquisite and beautiful rear palace.
A plate of orange sandalwood was burning slowly. A wisp of dark blue smoke rose into the air, emitting a refreshing fragrance.
That fragrance could soothe one's soul, make one feel refreshed, and stabilize one's state of mind.
This sandalwood was the famous Builder Sandalwood of the North Sea. It was extracted from the tree branches of the Builder Tree, and it was considered an extremely valuable item in God's Domain. Even wealthy families would find it hard to obtain.
Especially in this Divine Epoch, the Builder Wood had transformed into layers of death aura, turning an area of 33 million kilometers into a region of death. This Builder Wood Sandalwood could only be even rarer …
Dongfang Chunjun sat there quietly, looking at the glass box not far away with a deep gaze.
Luo Shui had not responded to him for a long time …
He could only blame himself for being incompetent.
After all these years of cruising in the Sea of Time, he still couldn't find Luo Shui's body.
There were too many fragments in the Sea of Time, accumulated over countless divine epochs. Every moment, every breath, every instant turned into fragments of time …
It was indeed too difficult for Dongfang Chunjun.
At that moment, Mu Haiji's resonant voice sounded from afar.
Due to the fluctuations of this voice, the wisp of dark blue smoke slowly emanating from the Builder Wood Sandalwood shook violently.
Dongfang Chunjun frowned slightly. His eyes flashed, and he slowly disappeared from the palace …
After Dongfang Chunjun left, Li Luoshui's head slowly rose from the glass box and opened her eyes slightly.
A trace of thought appeared in her sad but beautiful eyes.
Although she had been in a deep sleep for the past few years, she still paid attention to any small movements.
That voice just now was Mu Haiji's …
What could have happened to make a Saint so anxious?
Did Taibai Jinxing make a move?
Or did Zheng 'er return …
A bitter smile appeared on Li Luoshui's face when she thought of her son.
At that time, throwing Luo Zheng out of God's Domain was completely a gamble that she had no choice but to make.
The chaos was also filled with traps and danger …
Although Zheng 'er did not fear the corrosion of the chaos, his cultivation was still too shallow. Whether or not he could survive was a big problem.
The hope of him returning was too slim …
Li Luoshui faintly sighed and slowly sank into the brown liquid.
… …
… …
Accompanied by a spatial fluctuation, Dongfang Chunjun appeared in front of Mu Haiji with a smile on his face. "Brother Haiji, just what is it that has made you so anxious?"
Mu Haiji's expression was indignant. "A powerhouse has visited God's Domain!"
"A powerhouse?" Dongfang Chunjun raised an eyebrow. "What kind of powerhouse? Don't tell me it's Gu Bei? "
Nowadays, Saints rarely left God's Domain. The only one who did was Gu Bei, who wandered outside of God's Domain.
And Gu Bei stood on Luo Xiao's side … …
If Gu Bei returned, Mu Haiji would indeed be on guard.
"If it's Gu Bei, then it's really fun!" Mu Haiji said gloomily. "Someone created a spatial tunnel outside God's Domain. The construction of this spatial tunnel is extremely profound. Even if I personally attacked in Doji's Domain, I couldn't destroy it!"
"What!"
This finally raised Dongfang Chunjun's guard.
Saints were said to be omnipotent in their own Domain. Thus, it was best to never attack them in another's Domain … …
If even Mu Haiji couldn't destroy a spatial tunnel in Doji's Domain, then what kind of existence was the one who created it?
However, Dongfang Chunjun's mind quickly calmed down. He narrowed his eyes and said, "It's said that there's a spatial barrier outside God's Domain. Even if a spatial tunnel is created, it's still impossible to enter. Opening that barrier isn't something that can be done in a short period of time."
"But the Xuan Yuan Wei also came in?" Mu Haiji asked.
Mu Haiji smiled faintly. "They spent twenty years to open the spatial barrier!"
"Then we only have twenty years!" Mu Haiji's eyebrows twitched.
Twenty years, to a Saint, was nothing more than the snap of a finger … …
It could be said that this crisis was imminent. Who knew where the other party came from?
Mu Haiji muttered to himself, "Moreover … the space channel was constructed all the way to the Realm of the Gods. Someone must have been sent here. In order to prevent me from finding out, the space channel was divided into thirteen parts and scattered across the thirteen great domains. It was probably to prevent me from investigating!"

Chapter 2264
The Divine Realm was so big that it would be impossible to guess with just this little clue.
Dongfang Chunjun then asked, "Do you have any records of the thirteen regions?"
"Of course. I also remember the locations of the thirteen spatial passageways!" Mu Haiji replied.
"Well done." Dongfang Chunjun nodded, then said to a guard beside him, "Has Sky Sword returned?"
The guard cupped his hands and said, "Sky Sword has returned, and Dongfang Taiqing has also returned from the forbidden area!"
"Tell them to come to the Divine Luan Hall. Tell them I've summoned them," Dongfang Chunjun said.
"Yes!"
The guard received Dongfang Chunjun's verbal order and turned into a stream of light that sped away.
"The thirteen regions are too big. I'll also send people to patrol! Since they sent someone in, this person's cultivation … can't be a quasi-sage or a Saint. We still have a chance to find him and find out. I'll go inform Tang Lun and the others! "Mu Haiji then entered the void and returned to his floating island.
If it was a Saint or a quasi-sage returning to the Divine Realm, there was no need to open a spatial passageway to send someone into the regions.
Therefore, Dongfang Chunjun and Mu Haiji guessed that this person's cultivation should be a True God.
However, how did a True God born in the Divine Realm run to the outer regions of the Primal Chaos without being corroded to death by the Primal Chaos and be sent back? This matter was a little strange. They had to investigate.
Inside the Divine Luan Hall …
Dongfang Taiqing stood on the spot and looked down at the iron hand that was shining with silver light.
After a while, footsteps came from outside the Divine Luan Hall.
A handsome young man slowly stepped into the hall.
Dongfang Taiqing's face darkened when he saw the young man. He said coldly, "You're not dead yet?"
This young man was Hua Tianming.
Hua Tianming's status in the Dongfang Family was no longer what it used to be.
Dongfang Chunjun was now slacking on exploring the Abyss Demon Region. Among the four forbidden areas, the Wealthy Alliance could only choose the Abyss Demon Region …
Therefore, the exploration of the Abyss Demon Region could only be left to these juniors.
Hua Tianming had made many miraculous contributions in the Abyss Demon Region. After reaching the Great Perfection stage, he even discovered a special secret realm in the second level of the Abyss Demon Region.
Hua Tianming was now heavily relied on by Dongfang Chunjun.
"Don't worry, I definitely won't die in front of you." Hua Tianming's sword-like eyebrows rose slightly. With a smile, his face was free and at ease.
In the Dongfang Clan, Dongfang Taiqing was second only to the Saints and Quasi-Saints.
The other Paragons of the Dongfang Clan were far inferior to him. They could not compete with him at all. When the next Saint Mountain descends, Dongfang Taiqing will definitely compete for the position of Saint, and the Dongfang family will most likely support him!
However, the appearance of "Heavenly Sword", also known as Hua Tianming, made Dongfang Taiqing feel threatened.
In the past few years, Dongfang Chunjun had summoned Sky Sword several times. The first time, he had given Sky Sword a pair of green and yellow swords. Later, when Sky Sword and Dongfang Yingqing got married, Dongfang Chunjun had even given Sky Sword the Fusang Token. This meant that he had recognized Sky Sword as a core member of the Dongfang Family!
Not only that, but the Dongfang Family's resources were also greatly tilted towards Sky Sword, and Sky Sword's cultivation was also advancing by leaps and bounds!
When he was an upper True God, he was already unstoppable. Now that he had stepped into the Paragons, Dongfang Taiqing was very uneasy.
Dongfang Taiqing felt that his position was wavering, so he naturally went against Sky Sword.
He had once secretly investigated Sky Sword and found out that Sky Sword's origin was very unclear. Every time this fellow returned from the Forbidden Grounds, he would quietly leave the Sea of Time and disappear for a period of time. During this period of time, one or even several Divine Cities would be destroyed, and the stone slabs protecting those Divine Cities would disappear.
Dongfang Taiqing had once reported this to Dongfang Chunjun and the other elders of the Dongfang Clan.
Perhaps because Sky Sword's performance was too perfect, Dongfang Taiqing's guesses and suspicions did not attract attention at all.
There were even elders who advised Dongfang Taiqing that the Dongfang Clan was in need of talents now, so there was no need to be jealous of talents. Although Sky Sword was an outsider, he had already married Dongfang Yingqing and should treat him as a member of the clan.
Those elders thought that Dongfang Taiqing was jealous of Sky Sword, which made Dongfang Taiqing feel very sullen.
When these two met, how could they have anything nice to say?
Just as the two were going at each other, Dongfang Chunjun's figure appeared in the Divine Luan Palace.
"Greetings, Great Sage Dongfang." Hua Tianming cupped his hands and bowed.
"Greetings, Uncle." Dongfang Taiqing also cupped his hands angrily at Dongfang Chunjun, but his eyes were still fixed on Sky Sword, his face full of hostility.
"The two of you, quickly get ready. Take some people to track down someone," Dongfang Chunjun said calmly.
"What's going on?"
Dongfang Taiqing and Hua Tianming were slightly puzzled.
Was there someone in the Divine Territory that a Saint could not track down?
"An uninvited guest has come from the outer region. He may have appeared in one of the thirteen major regions," Dongfang Chunjun continued. "Your mission is to find him."
Hua Tianming and Dongfang Taiqing were both shocked.
"From the outer region? Isn't such a person …" Dongfang Taiqing muttered in his heart.
Someone who could enter the Divine Territory from the Chaos was at least a Saint. Asking them, who were at the Perfection stage, to find someone was not just looking for a person, but seeking death …
Dongfang Chunjun, of course, saw through Dongfang Taiqing's doubts and said, "The other party is only a True God. His cultivation is at most at the Perfection stage."
Hearing this, Hua Tianming and Dongfang Taiqing were even more puzzled …
A True God could return from the Chaos unscathed? What the hell was that?
However, the two of them did not show it. Since Dongfang Chunjun had given the order, they would naturally carry it out.
After receiving the order, the two of them looked at each other and immediately left the Divine Luan Hall.
…
…
After arriving here, Luo Zheng originally planned to activate the Gen Token and leave quickly.
After all, the space tunnel passed through Mu Haiji's Ultimate Realm and could very well lead to trouble …
However, Luo Zheng was quickly attracted by an extremely rich Taoist Connotation in the distance.
"This Taoist Connotation doesn't seem to be emitted by a True God." Luo Zheng was slightly puzzled.
Out of curiosity, Luo Zheng floated up and flew forward in the air.
After passing two mountains, Luo Zheng saw a tall stone tablet at the foot of the mountain.
"That's … a Dao tablet!"
Floating in the air, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
He knew that there were three thousand Dao tablets in the Divine Territory. Within them were three thousand Divine Daos, which were the three thousand ultimate techniques that Chiyou possessed.
Luo Zheng had seen replicas of these tablets in the Han Family's ancestral land.
Using the Immeasurable Ruler in his mind, he could quickly understand the Taoist Connotation within the tablets and copy it into the Immeasurable Ruler.
However, no matter if it was the Taoist Connotation of a True God or the Taoist Connotation of an imitation, it could be incomplete …

Chapter 2265
This was the first time Luo Zheng had seen a real Dao tablet, so he was naturally very curious.
He even gave up on the idea of leaving. Following the mountain stream between the two mountains, Luo Zheng flew downwards.
On this huge green Dao tablet, there were streaks of azure lightning flashing. These streaks of lightning spread out along the Dao tablet like little snakes, drilling into the surrounding ground.
Therefore, within a radius of ten thousand feet around this green Dao tablet, not even a blade of grass grew!
Around this Dao tablet, there were tens of thousands of people sitting cross-legged, facing it.
These people had all come because of its reputation, so they naturally hoped to attain the Divine Dao through comprehending the Dao essence …
The vast majority of people were ten thousand feet away from the Dao tablet, and those who dared to come within ten thousand feet were few and far between.
The closer one was to the Dao tablet, the greater the pressure of the Dao essence.
In the past, Luo Zheng had experienced it in Han Jia's Godly Inquiring Palace. Especially for those martial artists who had attained the Divine Dao, if they were too close to the Dao tablet, the result would be like moths to a flame, and they would be devoured by the Dao essence.
Luo Zheng flew down from the mountain stream, quietly landing on the ground. After concealing his cultivation, he slowly walked towards the Dao tablet.
"So it's the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao." As he approached, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
The Mystic Thunder Divine Dao was an extremely common Divine Dao in the Realm of the Gods. Even Luo Zheng had seen several True Gods use this Divine Dao.
Luo Zheng's Immeasurable Ruler also recorded this Divine Dao, and it should be very complete.
Luo Zheng still wanted to verify it again. His father must have given him the Immeasurable Ruler for a deep reason. If there was a chance, Luo Zheng would definitely visit all the Dao tablets in the Realm of the Gods.
"Stop!"
When Luo Zheng was still more than ten li away from the Dao tablet, three upper True Gods flew over from afar.
These three upper True Gods suddenly landed in front of Luo Zheng, blocking his path.
The leading True God looked arrogant. He stared coldly at Luo Zheng and said, "You also want to comprehend the Dao stele?"
Luo Zheng looked at the three of them, nodded slightly, and said kindly, "Yes, I also want to comprehend the Dao stele."
"This Dao Stele belongs to the Fang Clan. If you want to comprehend it, you'll have to work for the Fang Clan for two hundred years and pay twenty Shenwu Coins!" said the True God in the lead.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
It turned out that the Dao Stele was occupied by the Fang Clan. Presumably, this large territory belonged to the Fang Clan.
Time was worthless to most True Gods in God's Domain. Two hundred years was an extremely short period of time.
In order to comprehend a deeper level of the Divine Dao, such a small price was insignificant.
Twenty Shenwu coins were nothing, but he could not afford to waste time.
Seeing Luo Zheng hesitate, the True God snorted coldly. "If you don't want to, then scram!"
Luo Zheng did not want to cause trouble here. He smiled, took two steps forward, and said softly, "I can pay a bit more, but can I be exempted from the hard labor?"
Hearing this, the eyes of the three upper True Gods brightened slightly.
The True Gods who came to comprehend the Dao Stele were all commoners. If they were True Gods with real power, they did not need to comprehend the Dao Stele at all. Their own clans could imitate the Dao Stele and teach them the complete Divine Dao.
To those people who were born with humble beginnings, two hundred years was nothing, but to ask them to fork out twenty Shenwu coins was a pain in the ass.
Now that Luo Zheng was willing, they were naturally happy to do so.
"Sure. Fifty Shenwu Coins in exchange for two hundred years of hard labor. You only need to pay seventy Shenwu Coins," said the True God in the lead with a chuckle.
They were actually asking for an exorbitant price. Generally speaking, twenty Shenwu Coins could be exchanged for two hundred years of hard labor.
Since Luo Zheng had taken the initiative to ask, they naturally wanted to extort him! The extra thirty Shenwu Coins could be divided among the three of them.
"Sure." Luo Zheng smiled. A few dozen Shenwu Coins were too easy for Luo Zheng …
With the amount of Shenwu Coins Luo Zheng had accumulated, even the wealthy families could not compare to him.
Luo Zheng waved his hand, and seventy Shenwu Coins were stacked neatly and presented to the True God.
The True God in the lead took it with a laugh and waved behind him. "You can go now!"
Luo Zheng cupped his hands and walked through the crowd, toward the Dao Stele …
The three upper True Gods quickly divided up Luo Zheng's Shenwu Coins.
"Sigh, Old Seven, this kid took out seventy Shenwu Coins so easily. You should have asked for a higher price!"
"That's right. Looking at him, he probably has a lot of Shenwu Coins on him!"
The two upper True Gods' eyes were filled with greed. Clearly, they saw Luo Zheng as a fat sheep.
The True God called Old Seven stared at Luo Zheng's back, regret showing on his face. If he had known that this guy was so generous, he would have asked for two hundred Shenwu Coins. This kind of opportunity was hard to come by!
"This guy is alone and probably has no background. Once he leaves this place, we three brothers will rob and kill him," Old Seven said with a murderous look on his face.
"That's a good idea, hehe …" The other upper True God rubbed his palms together.
Although the three of them had lowered their voices, Luo Zheng's hearing was far superior to that of ordinary True Gods. Naturally, he heard them clearly.
Luo Zheng's lips curled into a cold smile. It seemed that even if some idiots cultivated to godhood, they would still die from greed …
However, Luo Zheng did not have the time to deal with them.
The Dao Connotation of this Dao Stele was much stronger than the Dao Connotation of the Pseudo Dao Steles in the Han Family ancestral land.
"Crackle!"
When he was within ten thousand feet of the Dao Stele, dazzling electric arcs shot out from the barren land and spread up his legs.
Some of the Proof of Divinity martial artists and even the lower True Gods were horrified when they saw this scene.
It should be known that the True Gods who dared to enter ten thousand feet of the Dao Stele already had an extraordinary understanding of the Mystic Lightning Divine Way. Most of them were upper True Gods and even Perfect True Gods.
After Luo Zheng hid his cultivation, he was only a lower True God. Yet, he dared to cross the ten thousand feet lightning pool. His courage was too great!
"This lower True God is courting death by entering the lightning pool!"
"I think he can only go a few hundred feet!"
"Even three hundred to five hundred feet is extremely difficult …"
The onlookers were shocked, but Luo Zheng was as calm as if he was taking a stroll in the park.
The closer he got to the Dao Stele, the more electric arcs spread to Luo Zheng's body.
Under everyone's gazes, he had already traveled a distance of four hundred meters. Numerous lightning snakes as thick as an arm emerged from the lightning pool and wrapped around Luo Zheng's entire body in layers …
Ten thousand zhang away, the expressions of the three upper true gods turned ugly at once.
Even the three of them only dared to get close to the Dao Stele to comprehend the Mystic Lightning Divine Way.
This guy was only a lower True God, yet he could walk four thousand feet as he pleased. Moreover, it seemed like he had no intention of stopping.

Chapter 2266
Within a thousand zhang radius, there were only a few upper True Gods scattered around.
These upper rank true gods were the same as Luo Zheng. They were also coiled by lightning snakes from head to toe.
These upper True Gods had a profound understanding of the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao. They were meditating here in order to grasp that tiny bit of opportunity to comprehend the perfected divine ability of the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao and break through to the perfected True God Realm!
However, after countless divine epochs, the number of upper True Gods was not small. However, the number of True Gods who successfully broke through to the Perfection True God Realm was pitifully small.
When Luo Zheng was three hundred zhang away from the Dao Stele, an old man sitting on the ground nearby muttered, "Young man, although you are born with a special talent and are not afraid of the Dao Essence's pressure, comprehending the Divine Dao requires gradual progress. You are just a lower True God. You don't have to be so close."
This old man was advising him out of kindness. Luo Zheng smiled and cupped his hands towards the old man. "Thank you for the reminder. However, I have another way to get close to the Dao Stele."
The old man's eyes revealed a trace of doubt, but he did not say anything else.
When Luo Zheng was only ten zhang away from the Dao Stele, he finally stood still.
At this moment, the entire Dao Stele was roaring.
Huge lightning dragons circled around Luo Zheng crazily. They roared angrily and were determined to tear Luo Zheng to shreds.
However, Luo Zheng was still as steady as Mount Tai. He stood on the spot and did not move at all.
This distance should be enough …
Facing the Dao Stele of the Mystic Lightning Divine Dao, Luo Zheng activated the Immeasurable Ruler in his mind.
"Buzz!"
One end of the Immeasurable Ruler emitted a dazzling light in Luo Zheng's mind.
At the same time, two golden halos appeared at the edge of Luo Zheng's pupils!
"Absorb the Mystic Lightning Divine Dao again!"
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The Immeasurable Ruler vibrated continuously. On the scale that contained the Mystic Lightning Divine Dao, the lightning symbol became more rounded and full!
The Divine Dao that Luo Zheng absorbed from a Perfection True God was a Perfection True God.
Back when Luo Zheng was in the Temple of the Gods of Inquiry, the Dao tablet of the Divine Dao of Purple Qi was created for Aunt Han Jiu.
However, when Aunt Han Jiu created that dao tablet, she still hadn't been able to comprehend the perfect level divine ability "Purple Sky Extinction Ground" of the Purple Clouds Divine Dao. Therefore, Luo Zheng's Purple Clouds Divine Dao was also incomplete …
If he were to absorb the Divine Dao from a lower True God, he would only be able to absorb the first two levels of Divine Dao …
Luo Zheng's Mystic Thunder Divine Dao was naturally perfected after facing the dao tablet of the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao. This was because he was facing a complete divine dao. Whether it was the first three stages of the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao, the last three stages, or even perfected divine arts, he could freely use them all!
After the scale on the Infinite Ruler was filled, the small piece of godhead in Luo Zheng's internal world that corresponded to the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao also approached perfection. At the same time, the light that was projected by that godhead also started to reach perfection …
Luo Zheng just stood there stupidly, attracting a burst of surprised looks from behind.
Whether it was an upper True God, a lower True God, or those martial artists who had proven themselves to be gods, they were all discussing in low voices.
They didn't know what Luo Zheng wanted to do, and they couldn't see through Luo Zheng's strength even more.
After a long time …
A satisfied smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
Just as he was about to disperse the pair of golden eyes and leave, a strange scene appeared.
From the center of this dao tablet, a unique triangular pattern appeared, and in the center of that triangular pattern, a small eye appeared.
From that eye, an arc of light suddenly shot out. This ray of light directly entered Luo Zheng's mind, passed through Luo Zheng's soul, and connected with the Infinite Ruler.
When this ray of light penetrated Luo Zheng's soul, Luo Zheng felt as if his soul was being pricked by a needle.
At the same time that he felt a slight pain, a miraculous scene suddenly appeared in his mind!
"What is this?"
Luo Zheng's face was full of disbelief.
In his mind, numerous jet-black Dao tablets began to appear …
"The positions of the 3,000 dao tablets?"
The 3,000 dao tablets were distributed in the Divine Realm according to a certain distance. The top of these dao tablets were connected with each other by arcs.
But now, the other 2,999 dao tablets were jet-black. Only the dao tablet of the Profound Thunder Divine Dao in front of Luo Zheng was lit up …
"This is a guide!" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. "The Infinite Ruler wants to guide me to light up all the dao tablets?"
The positions of most of the dao tablets in the Divine Realm were recorded, so it wasn't too difficult to find them.
But there were still some dao tablets whose positions were very hidden …
"The dao tablet of the Thick Earth Divine Dao is actually located in the Builder Tree. It's rumored that that place has turned into a dead zone. Ordinary people can't get close at all!"
"This is the dao tablet of the Great Yan Divine Dao. Father is the first person to completely comprehend it and leave his name on it …"
"The dao tablet of the Emotion Severing Divine Dao? How could it be left in the Sea of Time? Did someone move it to the Sea of Time, or … "
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng immediately revealed a strong interest.
Although he had long since planned to absorb all 3,000 divine daos, he hadn't had the chance before.
Now, under the guidance of the Infinite Ruler, Luo Zheng was even more determined. He wanted to know what would happen after absorbing all 3,000 divine daos.
At this time, Luo Zheng quietly turned his head to size up the true gods behind him.
The gazes of these true gods were still focused on Luo Zheng, so they didn't notice the triangle and the eye on the dao tablet. Presumably, they couldn't see this scene.
When Luo Zheng dispersed the golden pupil, the triangle and the eye also disappeared at the same time.
A faint smile appeared on his face, and he left the dao tablet.
It wasn't easy to light up all 3,000 dao tablets. He had finally returned to the Divine Realm, so he had to return to the Divine Realm first.
When Luo Zheng stepped out of the Thunder Pool, the three upper true gods of the Fang Clan and Luo Zheng looked at each other.
Looking at Luo Zheng's smiling expression, the three upper-level Real Gods actually felt a chill run down their spines.
Ten zhang away from the dao tablet …
Probably only a Perfect True God was qualified to do so.
Just now, the three of them had been planning to rob and kill Luo Zheng, but now this idea had vanished into thin air. Even if they used their toes to think, they could understand that this youth was definitely not as simple as he looked!
Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave …
Dozens of Perfect True Gods from more than ten wealthy families had already arrived in the Divine Realm through the transportation array.
They had received orders to track down the spatial passages in the thirteen domains.
These spatial passages were located in the approximate locations of the thirteen domains, and they had already been marked. All the Perfect True Gods only needed to search around the marked approximate locations.
"The spatial passage marked in the Square Sky Region is very close to the Square Sky City of the Fang Clan. It seems to be next to the dao tablet of the Profound Thunder Divine Dao!" High in the sky, Fang Henshao looked into the distance.

Chapter 2267
Mu Xuerong found it difficult to understand this mission.
However, Mu Haiji had personally given the order, so she had no choice but to make the trip herself.
"It should be an extremely important clue. That's why we've mobilized so many people to hunt down this True God," Fang Henshao replied calmly. "I heard from the head of the family that the Dongfang family is preparing to seal off the space of these thirteen regions!"
"Seal off the thirteen regions?" Mu Xuerong was slightly shocked.
A region was not small. Even if a Saint personally acted, it would be impossible to seal it off completely.
Unless they used some godly items, such as the Dongfang family using the Fusang Divine Tree, or the Sword family using the Ruo Divine Tree, they could seal off the spatial laws of a region.
After sealing, they could prohibit the use of greater teleportation and the construction of teleportation channels.
Seeing Mu Xuerong's expression, Fang Henshao said calmly, "They're going to use the Governing Slate again!"
"Sealing off the space of thirteen regions in order to hunt down a True God." Mu Xuerong's eyes flashed. "Who exactly is this True God?"
Fang Henshao shrugged. "I'm not sure, but the head of the family doesn't look too good. It must be very important, right?"
After discussing for a while, the two of them flew forward.
At the same time …
In front of the Governing Slate, Dongfang Chunjun had already raised his brush and was writing down the rules on the slate.
In reality, according to the rules of the Holy Halls, changing the rules on the Governing Slate required the approval of all the Saints of the Holy Halls.
However, the current Holy Halls existed in name only!
The Sword family and the Xuanyue family became even more silent. The Saints of these two families rarely appeared in the Holy Halls. The current Holy Halls were equivalent to Dongfang Chunjun's authority.
The Governing Slate was like his personal property, and he could use it as he pleased.
"Weng —"
After Dongfang Chunjun finished writing, the rule glowed with a golden light. This rule had taken effect.
Sealing off the space of thirteen regions was not a very overbearing rule. It did not cost a lot of Shenwu Coins.
However, Dongfang Chunjun's expression was ugly.
An outsider from the Divine Realm, and an expert with an immeasurable cultivation at that. This made Dongfang Chunjun quite wary.
Now, the first step was to investigate who they had sent into the Divine Realm. Thus, writing down this rule became very necessary.
…
…
"Friend, if you don't mind, you can join our Square Sky City. Our Fang Family has the intention to recruit talents from all walks of life." The upper Real God called Seventh Brother knew that Luo Zheng's strength was outstanding, so he had already dispelled the evil thoughts in his heart. He put on a warm smile and followed behind Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng finished absorbing the Shinto, he was ready to find a secluded place and use the Gen token to return to the immortal mansion. He didn't expect this guy to follow him.
"Not interested," Luo Zheng said coldly, thinking about how to get rid of this person.
"My Fang Family can be considered one of the wealthiest families in the entire Divine Realm. Even on the floating islands, we are among the best. There aren't many opportunities like this …" This "Old Seven" was actually very patient as he chattered endlessly behind Luo Zheng.
"I told you, I'm not interested. If you continue to follow me, don't blame me." Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly turned cold, and a murderous look appeared on his face.
Seeing Luo Zheng suddenly turn hostile, Old Seven's heart trembled. He laughed awkwardly and finally stopped. He could only watch as Luo Zheng left.
But at that moment, two streaks of light shot over from the horizon!
"Whoosh whoosh —"
The newcomers were Fang Henshao and Mu Xuerong.
"Two Perfect True Gods?"
Old Seven looked back and his heart trembled.
Although Old Seven had some status in the Fang Family, he still didn't have the qualifications to enter the floating islands. He didn't know Fang Henshao.
But no matter who these two people were, Old Seven couldn't afford to slight them.
"Who in the Fang Family is in charge here?" Fang Henshao floated in the air as his dignified voice spread out.
A respectful expression appeared on Old Seven's face as he said to Fang Henshao in the air, "It's me. I'm in charge of this Dao tablet! May I ask who you are? "
"I'm Fang Henshao." Fang Henshao reported his name. Then he asked, "Did any strangers appear today?"
Hearing Fang Henshao's name, there was a buzz around the Dao tablet.
In the Fang Heaven Region, the experts of the Fang Family were all famous. Although Fang Henshao wasn't a Sage, as the strongest Perfect True God of the Fang Family, he was an existence that reverberated like thunder in the Fang Heaven Region. Gazes of reverence were instantly cast over.
Fang Henshao seemed to enjoy these gazes, and a trace of pride appeared on his face.
"Strangers?" Old Seven was slightly stunned. He couldn't help but turn his head to look at Luo Zheng, who was leaving quickly.
Today, there was indeed only one stranger …
At the same time, Mu Xuerong's sharp eyes landed on Luo Zheng's back.
She had felt that something was amiss, but Luo Zheng had concealed his cultivation, so she didn't pay much attention to it.
"You, stop!" Mu Xuerong's cold voice floated over.
But just as she spoke, Luo Zheng had already leaped up and flew forward!
Luo Zheng sighed in his heart. Enemies really did meet on a narrow road. He had chosen a spatial tunnel, but he had actually run into Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao. This was too much of a coincidence …
Naturally, he didn't know that the moment he arrived in the Divine Realm, the floating island had already reacted.
Almost without thinking, he had already rushed into the sky and flew forward.
Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao glanced at each other. Not only did that person not stop, but he also wanted to escape?
"After him!"
Their faces sank. They turned into two streaks of light and chased after him, leaving behind the Upper True God called Old Seven, who was in a daze.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh —"
At this moment, Luo Zheng no longer concealed his cultivation. He flew forward at an extremely fast speed.
Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao followed closely behind Luo Zheng.
The three of them were extremely fast. In just two breaths of time, they had already flown past dozens of mountain ranges.
Although the three of them were all Perfect True Gods, Luo Zheng had only just stepped into the Perfect True God Realm. His speed was slightly slower, and the distance between them was constantly shrinking.
"This can't go on …"
Luo Zheng frowned. The aura of the Spatial Laws spread out in front of him, and he was about to use greater teleportation.
But just as he was about to enter the spatial tunnel, a bolt of lightning strangely appeared in the sky and struck down …
"Boom!"
This bolt of lightning actually hacked the spatial passageway that Luo Zheng constructed into smithereens!
Luo Zheng was also affected by this bolt of lightning. He let out a muffled groan. He could only endure this bolt of lightning, because his speed had also dropped.
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao surrounded Luo Zheng, one in front and one behind.

Chapter 2268
Ruo Mu and the others. Luo Zheng had disappeared for nearly ten years.
But Mu Xuerong had never forgotten Luo Zheng for even a moment …
As long as she saw Luo Zheng's face, the scene of her humiliation would appear in her mind.
She was so competitive that she could not accept such a defeat. The humiliation of being humiliated by a lower True God was something she would remember for the rest of her life.
She was even willing to let this hatred grow wildly in her heart, turning it into a heart demon for a time.
"You've already stepped into perfection!" Mu Xuerong was surprised, but she was also shocked by the speed at which Luo Zheng's cultivation increased.
She had watched as this fellow rapidly rose from a lower True God to perfection in a short ten years. She found it hard to accept.
"This … how is this possible!"
Fang Henshao's face was also filled with disbelief.
They were the top figures of the rich and powerful families. They had seen many of the top geniuses of the Realm of the Gods.
Some geniuses also increased their cultivation at an extremely fast rate.
Relying on the resources of the rich and powerful families, they could cultivate from a lower True God to an upper True God in ten years.
Such people were not few. At least, the Fang and Mu families had several of them.
But to reach perfection in ten years, Fang Henshao and Mu Xuerong found it hard to accept.
The difficulty of reaching perfection was a million times greater than that of becoming a True God!
There were many True Gods in the Realm of the Gods, and a large proportion of them were upper True Gods. However, there were very few perfect True Gods, just slightly more than Sages and Quasi-Sages.
Just like those upper True Gods below the Dao Stele, they all wanted to reach perfection.
Speaking of which, these peak upper True Gods were only a step away from perfection. But this step required them to cross the heavenly moat. The vast majority of upper True Gods could not cross it in their entire lives!
Thus, there was a saying in the Realm of the Gods: "One step into perfection, half a step into sainthood."
Because a perfect True God was only slightly weaker than a Quasi-Sage, they all had the qualifications to enter the Saint Mountain and fight for the chance to be bestowed sainthood.
And in the history of the Realm of the Gods, examples of perfect True Gods could be found everywhere.
In fact, if it wasn't for Fuxi's help, it wouldn't have been so easy for Luo Zheng to cultivate to perfection. Even with his outstanding talent, he still needed to overcome the two great shackles of formlessness and nothingness on the Emotion Severing Divine Dao!
More importantly, Luo Zheng wholeheartedly studied the Dao of Fusion, and his progress on the Emotion-Severing Divine Dao had stagnated.
If he hadn't encountered Fuxi, it would have taken years for him to reach the Full Circle realm …
It was also thanks to Fuxi's help that Luo Zheng was able to greatly shorten the time he needed to comprehend the Emotion Severing Divine Path!
"Are you surprised?" Luo Zheng indifferently looked at Mu Xuerong.
"It is indeed unexpected." Mu Xuerong took a light breath, staring at Luo Zheng's face. When she saw Luo Zheng's faint smile, a nameless fire began to burn in her heart. However, her voice still remained calm. "If it weren't for the fact that our standpoints are different, I would really admire Little Sister's vision. In just ten years, he has already stepped into the Great Perfection realm. Such a genius is indeed unprecedented, and I'm afraid there will be no one like him in the future …"
As she spoke, she opened her hands.
Two blood-red runes appeared on her wrists, and then two blood-red short swords "grew" out of her arms.
"What a pity." Mu Xuerong smiled coldly, and the killing intent in her eyes quickly thickened.
Behind Luo Zheng, Fang Henshao had a palm-sized green disc in his hand. This green disc was surrounded by a circle of green tree branches.
Fang Henshao placed his hand on the green disc, and the green tree branches immediately began to burn …
When the tree branches began to burn …
Inside the Ocean Region.
Tang Wan and the two Full Circle True Gods were flying towards their destination.
Tang Wan sensed something coming from her spatial ring. She slapped it and an identical cyan disc appeared in her hand. The cyan branch on this cyan disc was also constantly burning.
"So fast?" Tang Wan looked at the burning tree branches on the disc, and her eyes widened.
"What's wrong, Tang Wan?" asked the other Full Circle True God of the Tang Family.
"It's the Fang Tianyu Region." Tang Wan stared at the green disc and smacked her lips. "Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao have found the target. Let's retreat!"
This time, all the Full Circle True Gods had come out, and they were equipped with a total of 13 green discs.
The tree branches on the green disc were all harvested from the Fusang Divine Tree. Moreover, they were harvested from one of the branches.
Once someone found the target, they would set the tree branches on the green disc on fire.
The tree branches on the Fusang Divine Tree had a special characteristic. As long as they were harvested from the same branch, no matter how far apart they were, if one of the tree branches was set on fire, the other branches would also be set on fire!
Therefore, after Fang Henshao set the tree branch on fire, the tree branches on the other 12 green discs also began to burn.
Based on the position of the tree branches on the discs and their previous agreement, they would be able to determine who had found the target!
Inside the Mystic Gate Region …
Hua Tianming stood on top of a mountain, carefully examining the disc in his hand.
"Big Brother Sky Sword, how is it?"
Behind Hua Tianming were two Full Circle True Gods from the Dongfang Family.
In the past few years, Hua Tianming had repeatedly performed miraculous deeds in the Dongfang Family, especially in the Deep Abyss Demon Region, where he had saved people from danger many times.
Therefore, although Hua Tianming was a junior, his prestige was quite high.
"It's Ding Four." Hua Tianming stared in the direction where the tree branches on the disc had begun to burn. "The Fang Tianyu Region! Let's go! "
After saying that, Hua Tianming brought the two Full Circle True Gods and shot away.
Hua Tianming was also quite curious about this mission.
Who exactly was worthy of the Wealthy Family Alliance making such a big fuss, to the point of not hesitating to use the Governing Slate to seal the space of the 13 major regions?
He had a faint premonition that some things might have to be brought forward …
The Feiling Region …
The Huanglong Region …
The Yunfeng Region …
The Full Circle True Gods who were originally scattered in the 13 major regions all rushed toward the Fang Tianyu Region.
However, because the space of the major regions was sealed, they were similarly restricted by the Governing Slate, just like Luo Zheng.
They couldn't pass through teleportation doors, nor could they use greater teleportation.
All actions that violated the Law of Space would be punished by the Governing Slate.
All the Full Circle True Gods could only use their fastest speed to pass through another major realm and then teleport to a major region adjacent to the Fang Tianyu Region, then enter the Fang Tianyu Region from there.
… …
… …
"Whoosh!"
Mu Xuerong's two blood-colored short swords twirled, and she transformed into a streak of blood-colored light that shot straight toward Luo Zheng.
Facing Mu Xuerong's attack, Luo Zheng was already prepared.
Luo Zheng, who was floating in the air, suddenly leaned back. At the same time, a long sword appeared in his hand, and a long streak of light pierced through the air!
"Whoosh!"
It was accompanied by a loud and clear sound.
Luo Zheng's long streak of light landed on Mu Xuerong's blood-colored short swords, which refracted from thousands of feet in the air.
"Rumble …"
This inconspicuous streak of light instantly split a mountain range below in half.
"Whoosh!"

Chapter 2269
There were strong and weak Perfected True Gods.
Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao represented the peak Perfected True Gods of the Mu family and Fang family respectively.
With Luo Zheng's current cultivation, he did not fear the two of them.
However, it was too much of a coincidence that he had attracted the pursuit of these rich and powerful families as soon as he arrived in the Divine Realm.
After thinking about it carefully, he could roughly guess.
Mu Xuerong's space channel was constructed from the top of the Divine Realm. It penetrated through the universe and would definitely alarm a certain Saint.
Luo Zheng did not know who that Saint was, but since it had attracted Mu Xuerong and the others, this Saint should belong to the alliance of rich and powerful families.
He did not know what kind of pursuit he was about to face. If a Saint or a Quasi-Saint participated, he was afraid he would be in trouble …
Thus, at this moment, he naturally chose to retreat first.
Since the other party had used the Imperial Tablet to seal the Divine Realm, he needed to quickly move to an unsealed Divine Realm. As long as he activated the "Gen" token, he could escape and return to the Immortal Mansion …
"Want to leave?"
Mu Xuerong coldly snorted. With a tap of her foot, she transformed into a blood-red shuttle and flew away.
A bright silver sword appeared in Fang Henshao's hand as he followed closely behind.
Whoosh!
Mu Xuerong, who was chasing closely behind Luo Zheng, suddenly crossed her swords.
Surging killing intent emanated from the two blood-red swords, and a cross-shaped blood-red light shot out from behind Luo Zheng.
A Perfected True God had already completely comprehended a certain Divine Dao. This cross-shaped blood-red light's might was extremely restrained, but its destructive power was extremely strong!
However, Luo Zheng, who was fleeing in front, did not even look back.
"Mystic Thunder Divine Dao!"
The godhood in his inner world flickered, and a bolt of lightning shot out from the godhood.
Crackle!
After this bolt of lightning escaped from his dantian, it pierced through his back.
Bolts of lightning the thickness of a thumb quickly condensed together. In a short period of time, they 'grew' into a pair of giant lightning wings that were hundreds of meters long!
"Crackle crackle crackle …"
These two lightning wings flapped on Luo Zheng's back, wrapping around the cross-shaped blood-red light that Mu Xuerong had slashed out.
Streaks of lightning shot out from the lightning wings and struck the bloody cross-shaped light. In the blink of an eye, the bloody cross-shaped light was shattered into pieces!
After shattering the cross-shaped crimson light, the pair of lightning wings suddenly flapped again.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng immediately turned into a bolt of lightning and fled at an inconceivable speed.
"This is …" Seeing this scene, Mu Xuerong's eyes were filled with shock.
"It's the Perfect Grade Divine Ability of the Mystic Lightning Divine Way, Lightning Form Manifestation!" Fang Henshao was also dumbfounded. "He used the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao to reach perfection and used the Mystic Thunder Dao Tablet that the Fang Clan controls? This is f * cking … impossible! "
Fang Henshao, who had always been elegant, couldn't help but curse when he saw this scene.
At the very least, they were willing to accept the fact that they had stepped into the Great Perfection stage in ten years.
Even a Great Perfection expert was not that scary. Now that he had informed the other Great Perfection experts of the Wealthy Alliance to come, they could still encircle and annihilate Luo Zheng.
However …
They had just arrived in the Square Heaven Region.
And Luo Zheng just happened to be next to the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao Tablet …
According to the information given by the higher-ups, Luo Zheng had only arrived here for a short period of time. He had used the tablet to reach perfection?
They simply couldn't accept this!
"No, he mainly cultivates the Emotion Severing Divine Dao!" Mu Xuerong's expression wasn't too good. "He should have used the Emotion Severing Divine Dao to reach perfection!"
"But he clearly used Lightning Form Manifestation!" Fang Henshao said.
"Have you forgotten how strange this kid is? He can even use my Mu's Bloody Desolate Bite and your Fang Clan's Divine Li Water Mirror … "Mu Xuerong shook her head.
"You mean that now that he's reached perfection, he can use other Great Perfection Divine Abilities?" Fang Henshao asked loudly.
After saying this, the two of them glanced at each other and saw the shock in each other's eyes.
Unexpectedly, they came to a terrifying conclusion.
For a moment, they didn't know how to face this conclusion …
Mu Xuerong gritted her teeth and said, "Let's continue to follow him. Inform everyone to surround him. This time, we can't let him go. He must die!"
After saying this, Mu Xuerong's eyes glowed red, and her speed increased dramatically.
Fang Henshao's face was full of helplessness, but he could only follow. He muttered in his heart, We never planned to let this guy go. On the contrary, it was this guy who let us go.
Back then, in the Sea of Time forbidden area, it was Aunt Hanjiu who took Luo Zheng to escape. In the end, Luo Zheng released the Great Perfection True God imprisoned in the imperial jade seal …
Whoosh —
Whoosh —
Whoosh —
In the sky, three streaks of light flew at an extremely fast speed.
Occasionally, they would fly past a god city.
Because they violated the no-fly rule set by the stone slabs in the god city, they attracted the attack of the stone slabs.
However, before the stone slabs could be activated, the three of them had already flown past the god city and disappeared without a trace, leaving the many True Gods in the god city in awe.
One day and one night, from dusk to dawn.
In Luo Zheng's vision, there was an endless mountain range in front of him. The tall mountain range was like the waves in the sea.
In the distance, there was a clear boundary.
"It's about time. I hope the other side of the Square Heaven Region isn't sealed," Luo Zheng thought to himself as he flapped his thunder wings.
The space passageways were built by Ming Wei. Luo Zheng wasn't sure which regions her thirteen space passageways led to …
If the regions connected by the thirteen space passageways were all together, Luo Zheng might be in trouble. This meant that he would have to pass through a few regions to escape.
As for Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao, when they saw the direction Luo Zheng was escaping in, they were instantly delighted!
The west and north of the Square Heaven Region were connected to the Sea Region and the Serpent Region respectively.
The area between the Sea Region and the Square Heaven Region was very large. According to the direction Luo Zheng was escaping in, he would enter the Sea Region.
The space in the Sea Region was also sealed. Not only was he unable to escape, but Tang Wan was also in the Sea Region. If there were no accidents, Tang Wan should have brought people over!
After the time it took for a stick of incense to burn …
Luo Zheng finally passed through the border of the Square Heaven Region.
The border between the two regions was very clear. The Square Heaven Region was a continuous mountain range. At the end of the Sea Region, there was a boundless sea.
The Sea Region was shaped like a container filled with water. Most of it was water, which was why it was called the Sea Region.
Before entering the Sea Region, Luo Zheng's thoughts stirred again. He wanted to travel through space …
"Crack!"
Another bolt of lightning appeared in the sky, striking down in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's expression darkened. This time, he was prepared. He flapped his thunder wings and dodged this bolt of lightning.
However, he could only watch as this bolt of lightning shattered the space passageway he had built.
The space in the Sea Region was also sealed …

Chapter 2270
"Hualala …"
Seawater surged out from the depths of the Sea Democracy Domain, endlessly slapping against the mountain range at the edge of the Square Heaven Domain.
Luo Zheng stood in the air, wrapped in a pair of giant lightning wings.
Mu Xuerong maintained a certain distance from Luo Zheng, looking down at Luo Zheng. "The large domains around the Square Heaven Domain have all been sealed. Even if you grew wings today, it would be difficult for you to escape!"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng frowned.
This was what Luo Zheng didn't want to happen the most. It would take a lot of time to cross a large domain.
The longer he stayed here, the more unfavorable the situation would be for him.
Although Luo Zheng thought this, he sneered at Mu Xuerong. "You emphasized that the large domains around us are sealed because you want me to stay here. It seems that the real exit won't be difficult to find!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the lightning wings on Luo Zheng's back suddenly unfurled.
"Crackle!"
Azure lightning spread out from the lightning wings.
Under the gazes of Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao, Luo Zheng turned into a thick bolt of lightning and flew away.
Luo Zheng didn't choose the direction he wanted to go.
He had been flying along the boundary between the Square Heaven Domain and the Sea Democracy Domain.
This way, he could find the third large domain in the shortest path. If he couldn't use Spatial Shift in the third large domain, he would have to think of another way.
This was Luo Zheng's best choice at this point.
When Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao saw the direction Luo Zheng was flying in, their faces sank.
If he flew along this boundary, it wouldn't take long for Luo Zheng to pass through the Sea Democracy Domain …
At that time, this brat would probably escape again!
But not long after Luo Zheng had flown, a giant curtain of water suddenly surged up from the sea below.
"Huala!"
The curtain of water instantly exploded, turning into millions of water droplets that immediately enveloped Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng saw this, his eyebrows rose slightly, and his lightning wings flapped again. Just as he passed through the water droplets, a strange scene occurred.
At this moment, all the water droplets suddenly changed their trajectories.
These water droplets connected with each other and formed a large net of water, enveloping Luo Zheng.
"This is … the Li Water Divine Dao?"
Facing the net of water droplets, Luo Zheng twisted his body and stirred the Thunder Wings on his back.
The huge water net was instantly torn into pieces, and colorful water droplets splashed in all directions.
However, as these water droplets flowed freely, they condensed again as if they had a life of their own, forming a new net that enveloped Luo Zheng's body.
At the same time, layers of water curtains gushed out from the seawater. Those water curtains turned into even more water droplets, which then turned into layers of huge nets that continuously stuck onto Luo Zheng's body.
The net formed by these water droplets contained a strange energy. After it enveloped Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's body suddenly became sluggish.
"Hahaha, Brother Wan, we caught this brat! Let's see how he can escape from my Illusory Light Water Net! "
A figure slowly floated up from the sea. That person stood on the top of the waves and floated over, his face full of smiles.
At this moment, a large mountain at the edge of the Square Heaven Region suddenly split open.
The center of the mountain kept collapsing. After those solid rocks collapsed, they stuck together and formed layers of stairs.
Tang Wan carried his shield and sword and walked up the stairs.
He sized up the huge ball of water in the air, then raised his head and laughed. "Mu Xuerong, Fang Henshao, you're really useless this time. You're far inferior to my junior brother!"
The blue-clothed man standing on the top of the waves was called Tang Que. He was Tang Wan's junior brother and also one of the Tang family's Great Perfection experts.
Tang Que was a Great Perfection expert of a wealthy family. Although he was powerful, compared to Tang Wan, Mu Xuerong, and the others, he was naturally weaker.
Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao had chased after Luo Zheng for so long, but they were still unable to capture Luo Zheng. However, Tang Que had succeeded and restrained Luo Zheng.
The people of the Tang family were naturally very pleased.
"The two of you, thank you for letting me win! It seems that this time, my Tang family will take the lead! "Tang Que cupped his hands towards Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao, then said," Tang Qi, do it! "
This time, the Tang family had sent out three Great Perfection experts. They were Tang Wan, Tang Que, and Tang Qi.
Tang Qi and Tang Que had entered the Great Perfection stage through the Li Water Divine Dao and had long since hidden at the bottom of the sea.
Tang Que was afraid that Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao would steal the Tang family's credit, so he had Tang Qi quickly take action …
As Tang Que's voice fell, a huge whirlpool suddenly appeared in the sea below.
The moment this whirlpool appeared, the sea within a hundred miles became frantic. All the seawater within this hundred miles surged towards the whirlpool.
At the same time, an astonishing power spread out from the center of the whirlpool.
This whirlpool crazily sucked in the surrounding seawater, and the surrounding water level rapidly dropped.
Soon, another Great Perfection expert called Tang Qi floated to the surface of the sea. In his hand, he held an azure longbow.
This longbow seemed to be made of water. Its entire body was sparkling and translucent. And the arrow on this longbow was truly condensed from water …
Ordinary water arrows were naturally unable to harm people.
The bow in Tang Qi's hand was the Li Water True Bow. This bow could absorb all the surrounding water for its own use.
In that instant, the "Li Water True Bow" had already sucked in all the seawater within a radius of a hundred miles. This action had directly caused the surrounding sea level to drop by ten feet!
This highly condensed Li Water True Arrow had turned into an extremely terrifying weapon!
Whoosh!
Tang Qi released his fingers from the bowstring.
The extremely condensed Li Water True Arrow spun at high speed and flew towards Luo Zheng in the sky!
Even Mu Xuerong did not expect that the three Great Perfection experts of the Tang family would suddenly intervene.
Seeing the powerful arrow rapidly shoot towards Luo Zheng, her eyes narrowed. A bad feeling arose in her heart, and her expression changed. "Be careful! That kid is not simple now! "
Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao had no intention of competing with the Tang family for credit.
The two of them had followed Luo Zheng all the way here and had not attacked Luo Zheng. This was because they had no confidence in being able to defeat him.
Thus, they had planned to gather with the other Great Perfection experts before attacking him.
They had not expected that Tang Wan would bring two Great Perfection experts of the Tang family to lie in ambush and take the initiative to attack Luo Zheng.
"Bo!"
The Li Water True Arrow pierced through the layers of water net and flew towards Luo Zheng.
Wrapped in the water net, Luo Zheng's eyes instantly turned cold.
At this moment, he did not choose to dodge. Instead, a small black snake appeared in his right palm …
"Pu!"
The Li Water True Arrow hit Luo Zheng and pierced through Luo Zheng's body!
"It hit?"
"This arrow will cripple him even if he doesn't die!"
Tang Qi and Tang Que's faces were filled with excitement.
This time, the entire Wealthy Clan Alliance had come out in full force. They had originally thought that this mission would be extremely difficult. They had not expected that they would succeed in one strike.
However, the excitement on their faces only lasted for two breaths of time before it froze on their faces.
In their line of sight, Luo Zheng's figure flashed strangely for a moment. The wound that had been pierced by the Li Water True Arrow actually disappeared.
In just three breaths of time, Luo Zheng had used the imperial jade seal to erase the wound …
Tang Qi's arrow had also destroyed the water net binding him, allowing Luo Zheng to regain his freedom.
"Pipa!"
The enormous lightning wings on Luo Zheng's back flapped lightly. He transformed into a thick bolt of lightning and shot down from the sky.
The Shadow Bearing Sword in his hand was already pressed against Tang Qi's abdomen. Tang Qi stared straight into Luo Zheng's emotionless eyes. His heart could not help but tremble.
At this moment, an indescribable feeling surfaced in Tang Qi's heart.
He felt that he was not facing a living being, or even an object. Instead, he felt as if he was facing a void existence …
Accompanied by this strange feeling, Luo Zheng stabbed forward with the Shadow Bearing Sword.
From bottom to top, he shattered Tang Qi's dantian, then his internal organs, and finally his soul hidden in his mind!
Whoosh!

Chapter 2271
Tang Que didn't expect Luo Zheng to dodge that arrow so easily.
He didn't expect that Luo Zheng would use that arrow to break free from his water net and even kill Tang Qi with a sword …
How could this be?
Tang Que was frightened. He kicked his legs and quickly retreated on the sea surface.
His retreating speed was extremely fast, but Luo Zheng was even faster!
Luo Zheng's sword ray hadn't reached Tang Que when Luo Zheng turned into a thunderbolt and rushed up.
"Water Whirlpool Dragon Formation!"
Tang Que retreated and suddenly waved his arms.
Dozens of waterspouts rose from the sea surface and rolled toward Luo Zheng.
"Cha cha cha cha …"
Facing those waterspouts, Luo Zheng didn't even blink his eyes. He kept waving the Chengying Sword in his hand.
These waterspouts rushing toward Luo Zheng couldn't withstand the Chengying Sword's slashes. They quickly fell apart.
"Puff!"
After breaking these waterspouts, Luo Zheng got close to Tang Que and pierced his chest with his sword.
He swung his long sword and blocked Tang Que's whole body behind him.
On the other hand, the sword light that Luo Zheng had slashed out earlier whistled over at this moment …
Seeing that this sword ray was about to kill Tang Que, Tang Que suddenly gritted his teeth and a strange power escaped from his dantian.
"Hualala …"
At this moment, his body showed a transparent luster. His whole body was deformed and turned into a mass of water. It flowed along the Chengying Sword and into the sea.
This was the consummate level magical power of the Li Water Magical Power, "Formless Water Disintegration".
This magical power could dissolve the physical body in an instant and then merge with the other water bodies.
If there was enough time, this magical power could even control the entire sea area and summon the wind and rain.
Tang Que used this magical power to escape in a hurry. He was really desperate.
After all, the space in this world was also sealed. Tang Que couldn't escape.
They had blocked Luo Zheng's escape route, and at the same time, they had also blocked their own escape route. However, they had never thought that they would be facing such a powerful monster.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of surprise. He sneered, slightly bent down, and placed his palm on the water surface.
"Fledgling Fire Divine Dao!"
"Boom!"
A blazing fireball spread out from under the water, enveloping the water within a radius of ten miles around Luo Zheng.
In the blink of an eye, the seawater in this area was evaporated by this fireball.
Tang Que, who had been using "Formless Hydrolysis", was also completely evaporated …
From the moment Luo Zheng broke free from the water net to killing Tang Qi and then evaporating Tang Que, this series of actions only took one or two breaths.
His speed was so fast that no one could react.
Tang Wan, who was standing on top of the mountain, was completely dumbfounded when she saw this scene.
Her two junior brothers were not weak, but they were killed by Luo Zheng in an instant. Tang Wan found it hard to accept the scene in front of her.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
After Luo Zheng evaporated all the seawater within a radius of ten miles, the surrounding seawater continued to surge in, filling up the vacuum under his feet.
"If you want to die, then feel free to follow me. I don't mind taking your lives." Luo Zheng's voice was as cold as ten thousand year old ice.
When this voice reached the ears of Mu Xuerong, Fang Henshao, and Tang Wan, they felt as if their entire bodies had been plunged into an ice cellar.
Mu Xuerong had been very cautious and had not chosen to fight Luo Zheng head-on.
But at this moment, Mu Xuerong clearly realized that Luo Zheng's current strength had already exceeded her expectations …
The guy that they had run over before had become unstoppable!
"Crackle!"
Luo Zheng once again turned into a bolt of lightning and flew forward.
Mu Xuerong clenched her teeth. "Inform the other Paragons that are rushing over to not act rashly! We will continue to follow! "
Then, she and Fang Henshao once again turned into streaks of blood and followed behind Luo Zheng.
In the end, Mu Xuerong was much stronger than Tang Que and Tang Qi. It would not be easy for Luo Zheng to deal with her …
"Luo Zheng! I will definitely kill you today! "Tang Wan roared towards the sea.
He stared in the direction that the three of them had fled. Carrying the huge sword and shield, he clenched his teeth and followed …
Luo Zheng sped along the coastline that connected the two large domains.
The length of this coastline exceeded his expectations.
As he sped along, two more black dots surrounded him from afar.
"Two more Paragons!"
These two Great Perfection True Gods were two white-haired elders. They were from the Leng Family.
Unlike Tang Que and Tang Qi, they did not choose to attack Luo Zheng immediately upon seeing him. Instead, they tried to maintain a certain distance from Luo Zheng.
Soon, more and more Paragons appeared.
The Qin family, the Zhao family, the Leng family …
When these Paragons first saw Luo Zheng, they were all surprised.
At the same time, they wondered why Fang Henshao had sent them a Quintessential Essence transmission immediately, strongly warning them not to attack.
This deepened the curiosity of these Paragons.
Although Luo Zheng had stepped into the Paragons, he did not look that scary, right?
These Paragons did not act rashly. They only surrounded Luo Zheng, surrounding him from all directions.
Luo Zheng just looked on coldly, minding his own business as he flew forward.
In the Serpent Region …
Hua Tianming used the teleportation formation and arrived at the god city at the border.
After he led the two Paragons from the Dongfang family out of the god city, he started to use greater teleportation continuously.
Now that all the Paragons were rushing towards the Serpent Region, Hua Tianming naturally could not fall behind.
When Hua Tianming teleported to the border of the Serpent Region, he could see the continuous mountain range on his left and the undulating sea on his right. This was the boundary between the Square Heaven Region and the Serpent Region.
"The space between the Serpent Region and the Square Heaven Region is sealed. After entering, we can no longer use greater teleportation. If we follow the coastline and surround them, we should be able to block the target in the Serpent Region," Hua Tianming said calmly.
"We can also ambush them in the Serpent Region, right?" a Paragons from the Dongfang family said.
Hua Tianming shook his head. "After entering the Serpent Region, the target can use greater teleportation to escape. The prerequisite is that the other party has the cultivation of a Paragons. Looking at the current situation, it should be possible …"
If it were not for the Paragons, Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao, who had sent out the news first, would have killed the target long ago. It would not have been delayed until now.
However, Hua Tianming was slightly puzzled. The other party was only a Paragons. With Mu Xuerong and the rest's abilities, it would not be too difficult to deal with them. Why had it been delayed until now?
At that moment, there were suddenly three waves of space movement not far in front of Hua Tianming. Very quickly, another three Paragons arrived.
When Hua Tianming saw the leader, he frowned slightly. It was Dongfang Taiqing.

Chapter 2272
High up in the sky, dozens of True Essence rippled.
The Great Perfection Real Gods that were hovering around Luo Zheng were conversing with each other using Real Vitality.
"Still not attacking? He's only twenty thousand miles away from the Snake Spirit World! "
"Based on his current speed, he'll be able to enter the Snake Spirit World in an incense stick's worth of time. At that time, he'll probably escape!"
"Mu Xuerong, what are you worried about? With so many of us attacking together, even a quasi-sage might not be our match!"
These Perfection True Gods were truly puzzled.
Luo Zheng's name might be resounding, but he should have just become a Perfection True God. Why did Mu Xuerong and Fang Henshao act as if they were facing a great enemy and not attack?
The Perfection True Gods of the Wealthy Alliance usually saw Dongfang Taiqing as their leader.
However, when Dongfang Taiqing wasn't around, they would listen to Mu Xuerong's commands. These years, they had been like this.
But now, these Perfection True Gods were questioning Mu Xuerong.
"Do I have to say it again?" Mu Xuerong's expression was cold as her lips moved slightly. "Tang Que and Tang Qi were killed by Luo Zheng in one move! If you want to die, I won't stop you! "
Hearing Mu Xuerong's words, some Perfection True Gods who didn't know were stunned.
When they looked at Luo Zheng again, their eyes were more cautious.
Tang Que and Tang Qi were not weak among Perfection True Gods. Most of the Perfection True Gods here were not confident in defeating the two brothers. Yet, they were killed by Luo Zheng in one move?
If Mu Xuerong hadn't said it herself, they would have found it hard to believe.
Compared to the other Perfection True Gods, Mu Xuerong's killing intent was stronger, and she understood Luo Zheng better.
Because of this, she could restrain herself …
She had missed the chance to kill Luo Zheng before and had always been very upset about it. However, this time, she wanted to be absolutely sure.
"But we can't just watch as he escapes, right?" a Perfection True God said unhappily.
"Dongfang Taiqing has already entered the Sea Democracy Zone. Everything is waiting for him to take charge," Mu Xuerong said coldly.
Among the Sages of the Wealthy Alliance, Dongfang Chunjun was the absolute ruler.
Among the Perfection True Gods, Dongfang Taiqing played a similar role.
Mu Xuerong wasn't confident, so she placed her hopes on Dongfang Taiqing …
The faint Quintessential Essence fluctuation was constantly being transmitted around Luo Zheng.
Although he didn't know what they were talking about, Luo Zheng's mouth curved slightly, revealing a sneer.
These fellows are probably discussing how to deal with me, right?
Now, Luo Zheng had no other choice but to fight his way out.
It was also Ming Wei's fault for being stubborn and insisting on building a spatial tunnel from the top of the Divine Domain. If it had been somewhere else, there probably wouldn't have been so many problems.
While pondering, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly. A faint green color appeared in the distance ahead of him. The coastline that stretched for hundreds of thousands of miles had actually come to an end!
"That is the intersection of the three regions. Both the Sky Region and the Sea Region are sealed. There might be hope for the Third Realm!"
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's lightning wings suddenly spread out, and his speed increased by two notches.
Just as Luo Zheng accelerated, several small black spots suddenly appeared in front of him.
These small black spots were moving in the opposite direction of Luo Zheng, so they were naturally extremely fast.
"Another few Perfection True Gods …" In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng clearly saw the person at the very front. He frowned slightly. "Dongfang Taiqing?"
"Back then, I gave you a chance to struggle at death's door. I didn't expect that in just ten years, you would step into the Perfection True God realm from the lower True God realm. I'm sure that in these ten years, you've encountered countless opportunities and are truly a person of great fortune! However, do you think you'll have the luck to escape from me this time? "
Dongfang Taiqing was still a few hundred miles away from Luo Zheng, but his deep voice was transmitted over.
His iron hand flickered with a silver luster, and streams of strange power constantly flowed over it.
"Whether I have the luck or not, won't we know once we try?" Luo Zheng replied indifferently. He still maintained his extremely high speed, intending to force his way through.
Just as Luo Zheng finished speaking, his gaze landed behind Dongfang Taiqing, and his eyebrows suddenly twitched. He actually saw Hua Tianming!
Behind Dongfang Taiqing, Hua Tianming's eyes were also filled with surprise …
He also didn't expect that the Perfection True Gods of the Wealthy Clan Alliance would actually come out in full force to capture Luo Zheng!
After entering the floating island, Hua Tianming had also silently investigated the whereabouts of the other Dao Disciples.
There was no news of the other Dao Disciples, but Luo Zheng's "reputation" on the floating island was extremely great, so he found out after casually asking around.
As a Proof God expert, he had consecutively won against those of a higher level, kidnapped several Perfection True Gods from the Time Sea forbidden area, and finally escaped with the quasi-sage from Han Jia …
All sorts of rumors about Luo Zheng made Hua Tianming secretly speechless.
However, these rumors came to an abrupt end ten years ago. From then on, Hua Tianming couldn't find any news about Luo Zheng.
This once made Hua Tianming somewhat worried. Could Luo Zheng have fallen somewhere? He never expected to encounter Luo Zheng under such circumstances. Luo Zheng was the target of their group!
At this moment, Hua Tianming was also in a state of worry. How could Luo Zheng escape under such circumstances?
Under the watchful eyes of so many people, he couldn't help Luo Zheng. After all, Hua Tianming had infiltrated the Dongfang Clan with great difficulty. After all, he had also gained Dongfang Chunjun's trust after all these years of operation. He had a more important mission to complete.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was getting closer and closer to Dongfang Taiqing, Hua Tianming's heart became more and more tangled. However, his expression was still as calm as water, and no clues could be seen.
In the process of getting closer, the blood-colored short sword in Mu Xuerong's hand emitted a tyrannical aura. A dark red halo dyed half the sky red like blood.
Fang Henshao's longsword produced a sharp sword-light that revolved around the tip of his sword.
Tang Wan's face was filled with killing intent. He, who was carrying a sword and shield, emitted a heavy aura.
The Perfection True Gods surrounding Luo Zheng were secretly accumulating power …
"Attack!"
Dongfang Taiqing ordered.
Bursts of extremely rich divine energy suddenly erupted from his body.
"Divine Fate Five Spirit Body!"
"Wind Ruins!"
"Heaven Burial Karma!"
"…"
These Perfect True Gods unleashed the Divine Dao that they had comprehended to the extreme.
Every Perfection True God Ability displayed alone had the power to destroy heaven and earth, let alone more than twenty Perfection True Gods at the same time.
"Rumble …"
In the blink of an eye, all the True God Abilities converged on Luo Zheng's body.
Under the effect of these True God Abilities, dazzling streams of energy were formed. This huge stream of energy almost completely enveloped a hundred thousand feet around Luo Zheng.
Even if the living beings within this hundred thousand feet had the cultivation of a quasi-sage, it would be difficult for them to escape!

Chapter 2273
Luo Zheng suddenly had an idea when he saw this huge energy flow coming towards him from all directions.
The Dao contained within these energy flows were all at the perfected stage!
Although Luo Zheng planned to visit all the Dao tablets, that was a matter for the future …
Every perfected stage Mystique was extremely useful and couldn't be underestimated. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let go of such an opportunity!
"Weng …"
Two golden rings appeared at the edges of Luo Zheng's eyes as he stood in the center.
In his mind, the Immeasurable Ruler instantly lit up with more than twenty spots of light …
"Five Elements Divine Dao, perfected …"
"Spiritual Wind Divine Dao, perfected …"
"Thick Earth Divine Dao, perfected …"
"Killing God Dao, perfected …"
These perfected Dao formed imprints that rapidly converged on the godhead in Luo Zheng's inner world through the Immeasurable Ruler.
"There's not enough time …"
Although Luo Zheng absorbed the Divine Dao at a fast speed, he had only absorbed about half of the Divine Dao before these energy flows quickly surrounded him …
"Divine Fate Five Spirit Body!"
Luo Zheng immediately used what he had learned and displayed the perfected stage Mystique of the Five Elements Divine Dao.
When Luo Zheng had excavated the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain in the lower realm, he had also mixed the power of the Five Elements together, which was why it was extremely sturdy.
The Divine Fate Five Spirit Body was a fusion of the Spiritual Wind, Thick Earth, Li Water, Fledgling Fire, and Green Wood Divine Dao. This wasn't a natural fusion like the Divine Origin Magnetic Mountain, but a Mystique produced by comprehending the Five Elements Divine Dao to the extreme.
Five different colors quickly appeared on the surface of Luo Zheng's body. In addition to Luo Zheng's extremely powerful body, the sturdiness of his body was beyond imagination.
"Kacha!"
At this moment, he was forcibly withstanding the erosion of these energy flows and absorbing the Dao within them …
Seeing that huge mass of energy continuously shrinking, a few perfected True Gods revealed smiles on their faces.
There were even some who secretly mocked Mu Xuerong. Although this woman was powerful, she was still a woman.
Luo Zheng only had this much ability, so why drag it out until Dongfang Taiqing arrived?
If everyone attacked at the same time, this brat would probably be dead for sure …
"However, this is just a Perfect Real God. Why does he need so many of us to take action? Aren't you thinking too highly of this lad?"
"Wasn't the order from above to capture this person? Now, there's nothing left of him! "
"…"
These Perfection True Gods had relaxed expressions, but Mu Xuerong, Fang Henshao, Tang Wan, and Dongfang Taiqing didn't have the slightest hint of a smile on their faces.
Luo Zheng had the Imperial Jade Seal in his hands. It would not be easy to kill him.
Dongfang Taiqing, in particular, stared intently at the ball of energy with a cautious expression.
The energy flow began to weaken rapidly after emitting a dazzling light, leaving behind a huge cloud of smoke.
"So you're still alive." Dongfang Taiqing's spiritual sense had already detected Luo Zheng's presence through the smoke. "You can use that jade seal to erase time once. Within these few breaths, you're an immortal existence. Even the Saints can't do anything to you. But … what about after these few breaths? Can you still avoid it? "
Dongfang Taiqing hadn't attacked with the others just now, so it was time for him to make his move …
"Golden Stellar Annihilation Hand!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The iron hand rapidly expanded in everyone's vision.
In the blink of an eye, it became the size of a mountain and grabbed at the cloud of smoke.
The other Perfection True Gods were rather puzzled by Dongfang Taiqing's actions.
Luo Zheng, who was enveloped by this 30,000m wide chaotic flow of energy, could not escape even if he had wings. Just by relying on this pure flow of energy, Luo Zheng would probably be minced to the point that not even dregs would be left.
What was the point of Dongfang Taiqing attacking now?
When Dongfang Taiqing's huge iron hand grabbed at the cloud of smoke, a huge fist suddenly appeared from the smoke!
"Clang!"
Accompanied by a deafening sound, the huge fist collided with Dongfang Taiqing's palm.
It was as if two huge mountains had collided …
Dongfang Taiqing's Golden Stellar Annihilation Hand was a perfected divine ability that he had comprehended from the Golden Stellar Divine Dao.
The Golden Stellar Divine Dao was extremely ferocious, and Dongfang Taiqing had refined his right hand for countless years, consuming countless resources from the Dongfang Family …
The Golden Stellar Annihilation Hand contained such terrifying power that even a quasi-sage would have to be careful when dealing with it.
He had originally thought that Luo Zheng could rely on the imperial jade seal to avoid the attacks of the Perfection True Gods, but he couldn't avoid his attack!
This attack was enough to crush Luo Zheng …
Dongfang Taiqing never imagined that Luo Zheng would have the ability to fight him head-on.
What was up with that giant hand?
Dongfang Taiqing was still immersed in his confusion when a huge force was transmitted back from the iron hand.
This force was so strong that Dongfang Taiqing couldn't resist it at all. He was sent flying backward, or rather, he was sent flying by Luo Zheng.
His iron hand was as huge as a mountain, but his body was only six feet tall. It was as if the huge iron hand had flown away with Dongfang Taiqing …
However, no one was paying attention to Dongfang Taiqing now.
All the Perfection True Gods were staring at the cloud of smoke that was slowly dissipating.
In the cloud of smoke, a huge silhouette slowly emerged.
Luo Zheng had activated the power of the Rage God in his body and turned into a forty thousand feet tall giant. He stood tall in the sky and looked down at everyone.
Compared to Luo Zheng, these Perfection True Gods were as tiny as ants …
"What, what is this …"
"How did his body become so huge?!"
"What a powerful force! How did he do it?! "
"In terms of force, he's even stronger than a Saint …"
All the Perfection True Gods present were dumbfounded.
The force that these Perfection True Gods felt from Luo Zheng's body was actually the power of the Rage God.
However, they had never seen the power of the Rage God, so they naturally mistook it for pure force. One had to know that even a Saint couldn't create such an aura with nine stars of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier …
In the distance, Hua Tianming saw this scene and raised his eyebrows. He was also extremely shocked.
No matter how imaginative Hua Tianming was, he didn't think that Luo Zheng could turn into such a giant …
He had never heard of any Mystical Power in the divine territory that could make a person bigger than a mountain. Moreover, after Luo Zheng transformed into a giant, his power obviously increased greatly. Hua Tianming felt that such a method was even more unbelievable!
'I really don't know where you cultivated such an ability,' Hua Tianming said softly in his heart.
"If anyone tries to stop me again, I'll kill them without mercy," Luo Zheng said coldly.

Chapter 2274
After saying that, a pair of lightning wings spread out from Luo Zheng's back again.
But now, the lightning wings were two hundred thousand feet wide. In everyone's eyes, Luo Zheng spread out this pair of lightning wings and covered half the sky.
Luo Zheng did not want to be entangled with these Perfection True Gods.
The longer it dragged on, the more disadvantageous it was for him.
Although he had walked around the bottom of the Chaos, and thanks to Fuxi, his strength had improved tremendously.
But if a Quasi-Sage or even a Sage came personally, it would not be so easy to escape back to the Immortal Mansion successfully.
"Crack!"
Under the flapping of the two hundred thousand feet wide lightning wings, Luo Zheng's huge body turned slightly, and he prepared to fly away.
And everyone was intimidated by Luo Zheng's aura, and no one dared to stop him …
Just then, Tang Wan shouted, "Don't let him go! Even if he becomes bigger, he's just so-so! "
This time, their Tang Family had already lost two Perfection True Gods. If they let Luo Zheng escape, Tang Wan really did not know how to report back to Tang Lun.
But just as Tang Wan opened her mouth to speak, Luo Zheng's huge body suddenly took a step forward.
He waved his enormous palm and smashed it towards Tang Wan's head … …
Luo Zheng had been cultivating the Rage God for a long time, and he could control this huge body with ease. Although it looked huge and cumbersome, it was actually very agile, and its speed was far beyond Tang Wan's expectations.
By the time Tang Wan reacted, she was already unable to avoid Luo Zheng's slap, and could only use that huge sword and shield to block in front of her.
"Clang!"
Tang Wan's sword and shield, which was also a top-tier Primordial Treasure in the Deity Territory, instantly broke into pieces under Luo Zheng's slap.
The huge power spread through the sword and shield to Tang Wan's body, and Tang Wan smashed into a mountain like a kite with a broken string …
"Rumble …"
Tang Wan crashed into a huge mountain.
That huge mountain collapsed in an instant.
This mountain was not the only one that collapsed. Along the border of the Square Heaven Region, mountains began to collapse one after another in a fan-shaped manner.
Hundreds of mountains collapsed in this series of events …
If it were other Perfect Real Gods, they might have died after taking Luo Zheng's slap head-on.
In a moment of desperation, Tang Wan channeled her Thick Earth Divine Dao and shifted the power she bore into the mountain, barely saving her life.
But now, he didn't even have the strength to get out of the rubble!
Seeing Tang Wan's fate, the scene became even quieter.
In the eyes of a Paragon True God, Tang Wan's strength was second only to Mu Xuerong and Dongfang Taiqing. She was even slightly stronger than Fang Henshao.
Tang Wan had been slapped half to death by Luo Zheng. If other Perfect True Gods were to make a move now, wouldn't they be courting death?
The sea breeze blew. After those mountains collapsed, the flowing seawater poured in, making the sound of splashing water …
Even Mu Xuerong shut her mouth at this moment.
Dongfang Taiqing flew over from afar, his face extremely pale.
Luo Zheng's punch had sent him flying hundreds of miles away.
His iron hand had now returned to its original size, but the back of the hand was covered with fine cracks. Obviously, Luo Zheng's punch had caused him quite a bit of damage.
Dongfang Taiqing looked at that huge body with a complicated expression.
They were still not prepared to capture Luo Zheng this time.
Even though the Wealthy Family Alliance placed great importance on this and sent out all the Perfect Real Gods, they still thought that their target was only a True God with a cultivation level of Perfect Real God at most.
Luo Zheng was indeed only at Perfect Real God, but his current strength was probably something that even a Quasi-sage would find difficult to contend with …
Even if they attacked together now, they wouldn't be able to capture Luo Zheng and would only add to the casualties!
Under everyone's gaze, Luo Zheng turned into a beam of light and flew away.
Those Perfect Real Gods stood in place and looked at Dongfang Taiqing at the same time. They also wanted to know what to do now.
"Follow!" Dongfang Taiqing waved his hand with a solemn face.
Hence, these Perfect Real Gods could only "cautiously" follow behind Luo Zheng.
Out of caution, these Perfect Real Gods kept quite a distance from Luo Zheng. If this guy changed his mind, they would be able to scatter and escape.
Even though they couldn't defeat Luo Zheng, it wouldn't be too much of a problem for them to escape.
Hence, a group of Perfect Real Gods followed behind Luo Zheng in a mighty manner as if they were escorting a king.
When Luo Zheng passed by Hua Tianming, he secretly glanced at him and used his True Core voice transmission to say, "Brother Tianming."
After Hua Tianming heard this True Core voice transmission, he floated up.
A True Core voice transmission would transmit a slight wave during the transmission process, and all the Perfect Real Gods present would be able to detect it.
In order to prevent the other Perfect Real Gods from detecting it, Hua Tianming deliberately rushed to the front of all the Perfect Real Gods. In this way, the wave of True Core voice transmission he sent to Luo Zheng wouldn't be detected by others. Moreover, Hua Tianming's performance over the years had always been a bold and skillful person.
When others saw Hua Tianming following closely behind Luo Zheng, they would also think that Hua Tianming wasn't too afraid of Luo Zheng.
"Brother Luo Zheng, I haven't seen you in these years. Your great improvement has already put me to shame," Hua Tianming's lips moved slightly as he spoke using True Core voice transmission.
"Which rich and powerful family are you hiding in?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The Dongfang family," Hua Tianming said.
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
When he was in the Great Yan Universe, he had heard Xingwei mention that Hua Tianming had his own destiny.
He didn't expect that after coming to the Divine Plane, he would indeed take a completely different path. He actually hid in the Dongfang family …
However, thinking of the Dongfang family, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
That day, he had met his mother underground. After that, he had used the spirit crow to cultivate and was directly sent out of the Divine Plane by his mother.
His mother had told him that those Saints had found his mother. Until now, Luo Zheng still didn't know what his mother's fate was. Had she been captured by Dongfang Chunjun?
"When you were in the Dongfang family, have you ever heard of a person called Li Luoshui?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
"Li Luoshui?" Hua Tianming had never heard of this unfamiliar name and replied, "I've never heard of her. Who is this Li Luoshui?"
Hearing Hua Tianming's words, Luo Zheng's heart sank slightly.
What he was most afraid of was that Li Luoshui had died directly. In comparison, he would rather his mother had been captured by Dongfang Chunjun. At least that way, Luo Zheng would still have a chance …
"She's my mother," Luo Zheng replied.
"Mother …" Hua Tianming was slightly taken aback.
"Ten years ago, Mother forcibly sent me away in order to save me. She might have fallen into Dongfang Chunjun's hands," Luo Zheng continued.
Hua Tianming's eyes flashed slightly. After pondering for a moment, he said, "All these years, I've been highly regarded by Dongfang Chunjun. I can enter and leave any place on the Dongfang family's floating island at will, except for the rear palace of the floating island. I've heard a Dongfang family quasi-sage complain that Great Sage Chunjun is addicted to women and hasn't made any progress in these years …"

Chapter 2275
"What do you mean by being obsessed with women?" Luo Zheng asked anxiously.
"Legend has it that Great Sage Chunjun was obsessed with a woman. This woman was placed in the rear palace. All these years, he entered the Time Sea several times to search for her original body. I don't know if this woman … is your mother," Hua Tianming replied.
"Searching for her original body …"
Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat as if a rock had been lifted from his chest. A sense of relief came from the bottom of his heart.
This meant that this woman was most likely his mother. She was not dead, and Dongfang Chunjun was still helping her find her original body …
No matter what, she was not dead …
Hua Tianming sensed something strange from Luo Zheng's silence and asked, "Could that woman be your mother?"
"She should be," Luo Zheng replied.
This time, it was Hua Tianming's turn to be surprised.
Luo Zheng's father, Luo Xiao, and Mu Haiji were mortal enemies. Hua Tianming had gradually learned the truth over the years. Mu Haiji, who had started the Universal War, was only Dongfang Chunjun's henchman. In other words, Luo Xiao's real enemy was the Wealthy Alliance led by Dongfang Chunjun.
What was up with Luo Zheng's mother, Li Luoshui? Why was Dongfang Chunjun so obsessed with her?
Hua Tianming was also confused …
Luo Zheng naturally did not have the chance to explain too much to Hua Tianming. Dozens of miles ahead of him was the intersection of the three large territories. Once he left the Square Sky Region and the Sea Sky Region, he would try to teleport again.
At this moment, Dongfang Taiqing spoke again to the other Perfected True Gods through Vital Energy voice transmission. "Everyone, Luo Zheng will definitely use teleportation to escape after entering the Serpent Territory! Teleportation is not restricted in the Serpent Territory. I want to try again! "
Everyone was very unwilling to let Luo Zheng leave just like that.
"How? This guy is much stronger than us. We should be thanking the heavens and earth if he doesn't come to kill us, "a Perfect True God said helplessly.
The other Great Perfection Real Gods also looked resentful. Dozens of Great Perfection Real Gods from aristocratic families had been intimidated by Luo Zheng alone. It was really embarrassing. However, looking at the giant creature that was tens of thousands of feet tall, who would dare to challenge him?
Dongfang Taiqing smiled faintly and suddenly asked, "Apart from this body, is he really that much stronger than us? If the space here wasn't sealed, would you still be afraid of him? "
Hearing that, the eyes of those Perfect Real Gods brightened …
"That's right. It's just his physical body that's strong. What he relies on is extremely powerful strength!"
"If it wasn't for the spatial seal, he wouldn't have been able to touch me!"
"In the end, he's still a Perfected True God, not a quasi-sage …"
The higher the level of one's strength, the less significant the effect of strength would be.
When one reached the Saint Stage, they would all use their great magical powers. It was rare to see a pure contest of strength. The key reason was that it was very difficult to pour all of one's strength onto the other party.
Luo Zheng's Rage God Body was indeed powerful, but once he entered the Serpentine Domain, his threat would be greatly reduced. Who would be foolish enough to stand there and let Luo Zheng smash them?
When that time came, Luo Zheng would definitely not be a match for these Great Perfection True Gods!
"But once Luo Zheng enters the Spirit Snake Domain, he can also use Greater Teleportation. It won't be that easy to keep him here," Mu Xuerong said indifferently.
Dongfang Taiqing smiled faintly. "No problem, I've brought the Floating Earth Bell."
Hearing the three words, Floating Soil Bell, all the Perfect Real Gods' eyes glowed.
This Floating Earth Bell was a spatial magic treasure, and it was the only one in the entire Divine Realm.
The bell was made from the floating soil beneath the Space Divine Dao Stele. The floating soil had accumulated under the Space Divine Dao Stele for countless years, and under the influence of the Dao, it had become extremely spiritual. Of course, spatial magic treasures made from this soil were also extraordinary.
However, after the Floating Earth Bell was excavated, the Space Divine Dao Dao Stele remained suspended in the air. This material could be considered extinct, and no one could replicate it.
If they used the Floating Earth Bell to envelop Luo Zheng, they could also cut off his Greater Teleportation ability. At that time, no matter how strong Luo Zheng was, he would be a lamb waiting to be slaughtered in front of everyone.
The morale of the Great Perfection Real Gods, which was originally low, gradually rose again.
But what they didn't know was that at the same time Dongfang Taiqing sent a true essence sound transmission, Hua Tianming had also "passed" on their plans to Luo Zheng!
"Summoning this Floating Earth Bell will also violate the laws of space and incur the punishment of the Governing Stone Tablet. Therefore, Dongfang Taiqing will use it after entering the Snake Spirit World," Hua Tianming said in a low voice.
"I understand." Luo Zheng smiled coldly. Now that the Snake Spirit World was only a step away, he naturally wouldn't foolishly wait for Dongfang Taiqing to summon this magic treasure. He then said to Hua Tianming, "If you can find other Dao Disciples, please ask them to come find me in the Immortal Abode in Takeshi Xuan Forest! Brother Tianming, we'll meet again someday! "
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng suddenly turned around.
Without any warning, Luo Zheng's gigantic hand, which was over 100 meters wide, swatted at Dongfang Taiqing!
Dongfang Taiqing was calculating the time to summon the Floating Earth Bell, and the other Great Perfection Real Gods were also waiting to act.
Once Luo Zheng's space was sealed by the Floating Earth Bell, they would attack again …
They never would've thought that Luo Zheng would suddenly attack Dongfang Taiqing at this critical moment!
"Huff huff …"
Dongfang Taiqing's expression changed drastically when he saw Luo Zheng's slap.
Just now, when he used all his strength to punch Luo Zheng, his iron hand was on the verge of shattering. If he was hit by this slap, the consequences would be unimaginable!
He wasn't like Tang Wan who cultivated the Thick Earth Divine Dao and could transmit his strength to the earth!
"Whoosh!"
Gritting his teeth, Dongfang Taiqing suddenly sank downward with all his strength.
Luo Zheng's giant hand swept past Dongfang Taiqing's head. This slap brought with it fierce winds that whipped Dongfang Taiqing's head, causing his scalp to hurt.
After dodging Dongfang Taiqing's slap, the giant lightning wings on Luo Zheng's back suddenly flashed.
"Crackle!"
Luo Zheng stepped into the Snake Spirit World first. He turned his head and smiled at everyone, then his entire body began to shrink …
At the same time, he used greater teleportation to construct a spatial tunnel and disappeared from everyone's sight.
"Chase!"
"He's only a Great Perfection Real God. He won't be able to get far with greater teleportation!"
"We still have a chance to catch him!"
The Great Perfection True Gods reacted and quickly stepped into the Snake Spirit World, each using greater teleportation.
At the same time Luo Zheng used greater teleportation, the "Gen" token was already in his hand. The instant he emerged from the spatial passageway, he activated the "Gen" token, and the "Gen" token once again constructed a spatial passageway that led to the immortal abode.

Chapter 2276
The Perfected True Gods of the Serpent Spirit Region kept teleporting and spreading their divine senses in an attempt to find Luo Zheng.
But where could he be?
The Perfected True Gods busied themselves for a while before gathering.
Dongfang Taiqing's face was ashen. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to force him away at the last moment. He didn't even have a chance to attack.
Dongfang Taiqing's eyes were filled with suspicion. This was very strange. It was as if Luo Zheng knew he was going to use the Floating Earth Bell.
Or could it be that someone among the Great Perfection True Gods had told Luo Zheng about this?
Thinking of this, Dongfang Taiqing's gaze quickly fell on Sky Sword.
Dongfang Taiqing had always been suspicious of Sky Sword's origins and had even questioned Dongfang Yingqing.
But this woman was always on her husband's side and kept her mouth shut. She refused to reveal anything!
In terms of possibilities, Sky Sword was probably the most likely one …
…
…
Inside the immortal residence …
Afo, Yu Taibai, Jing Wuhuan, and the others gathered in the plaza.
"Are you ready?" Yu Shenfeng stared at the center of the plaza and asked.
At the center of the plaza, Xun held a spear. Her slender body was straight, and her charming face was slightly nervous.
She nodded slightly.
Jing Wu Huan stretched out his hand and gently pinched. The enchantment that enveloped the immortal mansion suddenly disappeared. It was like a beautiful bubble that was instantly extinguished.
The instant the barrier disappeared, Xun truly stepped into the Deity Domain.
Although the immortal residence wasn't small, they could only move around in it all these years. It was indeed a bit depressing.
Fortunately, after constant cultivation, Xun finally achieved the Divine Dao and became a lower True God …
Attaining the divine dao wasn't that difficult, but escaping the punishment of the control slate was too difficult.
For this reason, Yu Taibai personally made a trip to Buzhou Spirit Mountain, borrowing a path through Buzhou Spirit Mountain before sneaking into the Great Yan Universe.
For Yu Taibai, this was risky. If he was intercepted by a Saint, it would be very difficult for him to escape unscathed. However, Luo Zheng had been missing for ten years. The women grew more and more worried about Luo Zheng. Yu Taibai couldn't refuse their pleas and had to make a trip himself!
After infiltrating the Great Yan Universe, Yu Taibai obtained the Golden Bloodline from Startail.
Yu Taibai wanted to invite Xingwei back to God's Domain. After all, Xingwei was originally a member of God's Domain. However, Xingwei refused. With his current state, even if he returned to the Divine Realm, he would be a cripple. He was more willing to oversee the Grand Yan Universe.
After he brought the Golden Bloodline back, Xun, Ning Yudie, and Su Lingyun all saw hope.
Previously, even if they were able to become "life forms of the same level" after they had attained the divine way, and would not be split into true essence, they had not entered the divine realm through proper means, and were still considered as "illegal immigrants". Naturally, they would be punished by the Governing Slate …
After obtaining the Golden Bloodline, the situation was naturally different. Therefore, the three women were cultivating diligently.
Originally, Smoky's strength was much higher than Ning Yudie's. However, Ning Yudie had been cultivating day and night in the Cultivation Pagoda. She had quickly caught up to Smoky and became a True God at about the same time!
Today, he removed the barrier so that the two women could officially step into the God Realm.
After the barrier was removed, the Governing Slate in the Sea of Time once again shone with light …
"Crackle!"
At the same time, a streak of azure lightning streaked across the sky above the Immortal Palace. Then, a giant black palm appeared in the sky.
This situation was exactly the same as when Luo Zheng had tried to sneak in.
When Smoky saw the giant black sphere above her head, her eyes narrowed slightly. Her long spear was already quietly raised.
"Don't move. It can't discover you," Yu Taibai reminded.
Smoky pursed her lips and nodded.
She was naturally warlike. When faced with something that she felt was a threat, she subconsciously wanted to counterattack.
However, the energy contained within this black sphere was too terrifying. She could not see how this energy was formed at all. With her own strength, it was even harder to resist …
The palm spun around in the air a few times. Because Smoky had changed her blood, she was still unable to determine Smoky's location.
"Weng!"
Not long after, the palm quickly condensed into a black sphere. With a "pop" sound, it exploded.
Instantly, it turned into countless black cotton balls. Like a giant net, it enveloped the plaza.
Previously, Luo Zheng had been entangled by this net. For a time, Luo Zheng was unable to communicate with his Inner World and use his True Essence.
Smoky watched as the net enveloped her. She could not avoid it either.
At that moment, Yu Taibai's figure flashed. After grabbing Smoky's shoulder, they moved to the side. The net naturally missed …
"Alright! I didn't expect that the omnipotent Governing Slate could be deceived like this. Firmament Saint is really smart, "Yu Shenfeng chuckled.
In the eyes of most True Gods in the Divine Realm, the most powerful thing was not a Saint like Dongfang Chunjun, but the Governing Slate.
As long as one could afford Shenwu Coins, the slate could control everything in the Divine Realm. It was much more powerful than a Saint.
Even if a Saint violated the Governing Slate's rules, they would still have to obediently accept the punishment.
Therefore, when Yu Shenfeng saw that Smoky could avoid the Governing Slate's punishment after changing her blood, he was very surprised …
"Master didn't think of this method. It should be Jiu Sheng," Yu Taibai replied.
Yu Shenfeng shrugged. He looked at the Cultivation Tower and said, "It's the next person's turn!"
Ning Yudie had just attained the Black Ice Divine Dao not long ago. That was why she had set today as the day of her "stowaway."
Then, Yu Taibai opened the door to the Cultivation Tower and let Ning Yudie out.
Luo Nian, Su Lingyun, and Mu Mingxue had already been arranged to stay on the second floor of the Cultivation Tower. Naturally, they would not be affected.
When Ning Yudie walked out of the Cultivation Tower, she had already activated the Governing Slate's rules.
Just like Smoky, after a bolt of lightning exploded in the sky, a black palm appeared. With Yu Taibai's help, she also successfully deceived the Governing Slate's punishment.
"Congratulations, you can walk freely in the Divine Realm now," Yu Taibai said with a smile.
Ning Yudie smiled and nodded lightly at Yu Taibai. "Thank you, Senior Brother."
Smoky's eyes flashed. She stared at Yu Taibai and asked, "Then can we leave the Immortal Mansion now?"
Hearing Smoky's words, Ning Yudie's face also revealed a nervous expression.
In these ten years, there had been no news of Luo Zheng again. Their hearts were naturally filled with worry.
Although they had parted ways with Luo Zheng before, the situation this time was different. Luo Zheng had suddenly disappeared when he was meeting with his mother.
And Yu Taibai had investigated through some channels. The information was very unfavorable for Luo Zheng …
"Tsk tsk, there's no need to be so anxious!" Yu Shenfeng suddenly chuckled.
Yu Taibai also said, "The Divine Realm is too big. Even if you go out now, you won't be able to find him. Moreover, you'll encounter many dangers outside."
"But we can't just stay here and do nothing," Ning Yudie said with a frown.

Chapter 2277
Xun and Ning Yudie glanced at each other silently, a hint of disappointment flashing across their faces.
The two girls weren't unreasonable people. Although they hadn't left the divine domain these past few years, they had a rough understanding of the divine domain.
With their strength that had just stepped into the lower true god realm, it was already difficult for them to move around in a large region, much less find Luo Zheng in the divine domain.
At this moment, an indifferent voice is heard: "I don't care how long you plan to wait! In any case, I'm leaving today, and I'm leaving now! "
Xi Youqin, dressed in blue, walks out of the plaza from another door.
Aunt Hanjiu follows behind Xi Youqin, her gentle face somewhat helpless.
In a few years, Xi Youqin had also smoothly stepped into the middle true god realm.
Although Aunt Hanjiu had meticulously adjusted her, this level of talent still made Aunt Hanjiu very surprised.
Aunt Hanjiu established the Purple Soul Palace and recruited so many girls with the Extreme Purple Yin Body, but she had never met such a talented disciple.
Of course, Luo Zheng had to be excluded from these people. He was an anomaly.
In Aunt Hanjiu's eyes, Xi Youqin was a piece of unpolished jade that Luo Xiao had carefully prepared for her. These few years, she had been meticulously sculpted in the immortal estate, and it was rather interesting.
She even believed that it wouldn't be long before Xi Youqin could step into the realm of perfection, and even become a quasi-sage was possible.
The only problem was that Xi Youqin was too willful, so much so that Aunt Hanjiu spent most of her time comforting her …
"Shua!"
Yu Shenfeng takes a step forward, already standing in front of Xi Youqin.
His figure is tall, and he crosses his arms, a trace of a mischievous smile on his lips. "No one's stopping you. This immortal estate's door is open, you can leave whenever you want!"
Xi Youqin looks up at Yu Shenfeng, her eyes filled with anger.
She didn't stay in the immortal estate for long before she started to regret it. She kept clamoring to leave, to find Luo Zheng …
Once, Yu Shenfeng really let her leave the immortal estate.
But in this huge Takeshi Xuan Forest, she simply could not walk out.
Those huge trees, bushes, streams, and rivers all seemed to have feet. They could change their positions at any time. From time to time, a ferocious giant ape would pass by. Xi Youqin was scared half to death. She didn't expect that after running all the way, she would unknowingly reach the entrance of the immortal mansion.
Yu Shen Feng turned it into a huge maze. He could change the path at will. How could Xi Youqin leave?
"Hua!"
Purple Taoist Connotation spread out from Xi Youqin's body.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
The four swords had already surrounded the Royal God Blade.
Xi Youqin was enraged, and the God Slaughtering Sword Formation was unleashed mercilessly. The Buddha Emperor's Sword, which was in the lead, smashed towards Yu Shen Feng.
If it were other middle true gods, once they were surrounded by the God Slaying Sword Formation, it would be difficult for them to escape. Even upper true gods would be in danger.
However, Yu Shen Feng was still one of the best among the Great Perfection Paragons, not to mention that he was in control of the Takeshima Forest.
The two of them were simply not on the same level …
Facing the Buddha Emperor's Sword, he reached out and grabbed it lightly. The sword was unable to move.
Xi Youqin would not let it go. The Buddha Emperor's Sword instantly turned into a ball of purple gas and escaped from his hand. At the same time, the other three swords began to move together. Each move was fatal …
When the others saw this scene, they were already used to it. They did not have much of a reaction.
Aunt Hanjiu was quite happy. This was considered a free sparring partner for Xi Youqin, who did not like to cultivate. Moreover, it was a Paragon level sparring partner.
Just as they were fighting, at the front of the plaza, there was a spatial fluctuation at the entrance of the immortal mansion.
Xun, Xi Youqin, and Ning Yudie didn't feel it.
However, Aunt Hanjiu, Afo, and Jingwuhuan all looked towards the entrance …
Especially Yu Shen Feng. He had already become one with the entire forest. He could sense every movement in the entire Takeshi Xuan Forest very clearly.
For a spatial fluctuation to occur without any warning, it could only mean that someone had activated the "Gen" token to return!
"Crack!"
Yu Shen Feng was distracted for a moment, and the Buddha Emperor's Sword landed on his head.
The Buddha Emperor's Sword formed by purple gas was powerful, but Yu Shen Feng's body was too tough. It could not cause any substantial damage. Under this attack, Yu Shen Feng was not injured at all. Instead, the Buddha Emperor's Sword turned into a ball of purple gas …
Xi Youqin saw that everyone was looking at the entrance of the immortal mansion. She was slightly stunned and asked, "What's wrong?"
Then, she turned her head and saw Luo Zheng in a green robe appear at the entrance.
Ever since Xi Youqin entered the immortal mansion, she heard that the news was extremely unfavorable to Luo Zheng. She had always been worried about him.
Fortunately, she had an almost paranoid confidence in Luo Zheng!
As long as she did not see Luo Zheng's corpse, she would not believe that he had died!
"Husband!"
Xi Youqin was the first to rush to the entrance. As she moved, a string of purple gas accompanied her.
"Bang!"
Xi Youqin fiercely crashed into Luo Zheng's embrace. Her eyeballs fell out of their sockets. It was as if she had been wronged in the immortal mansion.
When the others saw Luo Zheng return, they all had different expressions.
"Oh? In a short ten years, his cultivation is already the same as mine. Hehe … "Yu Shen Feng pursed his lips. There was a hint of dissatisfaction on his face.
Among Gu Bei's three disciples, Yu Shen Feng had always considered himself to be the most talented. Thus, the first time he met this junior brother, he wanted to teach him a lesson. He was not as good-natured as Jing Wuhuan.
In fact, Yu Shen Feng knew that he was also jealous of Luo Zheng's monstrous talent. He was afraid that this kid would surpass him one day.
Now, it seemed that this worry was unnecessary.
Becoming a Paragon True God in ten years was not just surpassing him.
In so many Divine Epochs, no one had been able to do so …
When Yu Taibai, Jing Wuhuan, and Aunt Han Jiu noticed Luo Zheng's cultivation, their eyes were filled with surprise.
According to what they thought, it was definitely not easy for Luo Zheng to become a Paragon True God. It would take him a few hundred years at the fastest, or a thousand years at the slowest. However, this amount of time was already an extremely short period of time in the divine realm.
In these ten years, where had Luo Zheng gone?
If the news from the floating island was true, Luo Zheng had no chance of surviving.
Although Yu Taibai did not say anything, he suspected that Luo Zheng might have died in the Han Family's ancestral land.
Thus, he had already secretly looked for one of Luo Zheng's replacements, the other Dao Child, Xuanyuan Chenfeng.
Although they were full of questions, Xi Youqin threw herself at Luo Zheng as if there was no one else around. They did not want to join in the fun.
Luo Zheng could feel the warm and fragrant jade in his embrace gently trembling. He could feel that Xi Youqin was truly excited …
Compared to Ning Yudie's reserve and Xun's sincerity, Xi Youqin was simply fanatical.

Chapter 2278
Ever since Luo Zheng disappeared, this kind of haze of worry had always surrounded the hearts of these girls.
Seeing Luo Zheng return unscathed, this haze naturally disappeared completely.
"I finally arrived at the Realm of the Gods, but you actually didn't wait for me in Immortal Mansion." Xi Youqin buried herself in Luo Zheng's arms and scolded.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "Aren't I back now?"
"Mm." Xi Youqin nodded obediently like a sheep. She suddenly raised her head and looked vigilantly at Ning Yudie and Xun, who were not far away. "I don't care. They came to the Realm of the Gods before me, so they got preferential treatment! You have to accompany me these days! "
A wry smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face. Perhaps only Xi Youqin could say such willful words.
Although Xi Youqin's voice was soft, Ning Yudie and Xun heard it clearly.
Ning Yudie frowned and was about to flare up when Xun suddenly grabbed her arm and shook her head slightly.
Xun's request was very simple. As long as Luo Zheng could return safely, she didn't need to be jealous of Xi Youqin over such trivial matters …
Yu Taibai and the others also very patiently allowed Xi Youqin to "hog" Luo Zheng, even though they also had a bellyful of things to discuss with Luo Zheng.
Thus, an incense stick's worth of time passed.
Two incense sticks' worth of time passed …
Unwittingly, an hour passed.
The entire Immortal Mansion unwittingly floated into an awkward atmosphere. Ning Yudie was obstructed by Xun and could only bitterly criticize Xi Youqin in her heart for not seeing the big picture.
The first to lose control was Yu Shenfeng.
His figure flashed with a "whoosh" and he arrived beside Luo Zheng. "Hey, hey, Xi Youqin, if you want to be intimate with my junior brother, now is not the time!"
"It's none of your business!"
Xi Youqin, who was like a little lamb just a moment ago, spoke in a cold voice. She glared at Yu Shenfeng as if she wanted to kill him.
"Little Junior Brother doesn't belong to you alone. He still has me, the Second Senior Brother, the Big Senior Brother, and the Ninth Aunt. Hehe, there's also his sister, and his son. It's not good for you to monopolize him like this, right?" Yu Shenfeng said.
Xi Youqin raised her head and said proudly, "Then I'm his wife! It's perfectly justified! "
Yu Shenfeng curled his lips and chuckled, "Then Junior Brother won't only have you as his wife!"
As he spoke, he looked mischievously at Kaoru and Ning Yudie, who were not far away.
Under this pressure, Xi Youqin felt a little embarrassed and reluctantly let go of Luo Zheng.
…
In the inner courtyard of Immortal Mansion.
After everyone sat down, A 'Fu had already served cup after cup of immortal tea, and a refreshing fragrance that refreshed the heart instantly arose within the inner court.
This immortal tea was made from wild mountain tea from the depths of Takiguan Forest. It was also made from the dew of the Dragon Saliva Tree. Both of these things were difficult to gather, but after Yu Shenfeng took control of Takiguan Forest, it was naturally easy for him to gather them.
"It's very difficult to find resources like this in Divine Dominion," Yu Taibai said as soon as he sat down.
Everyone was thinking the same thing. Divine Dominion had the most resources in Divine Dominion, and there was no way Luo Zheng would stay on a floating island. There was no way Luo Zheng could have holed himself up in some remote mountain or hidden in some second or third-rate clan for the past ten years.
After disappearing for ten years, he immediately returned to Divine Dominion. This was completely beyond their imagination.
"Divine Dominion doesn't lack resources like this, right?" Luo Zheng smiled. "Hua Tianming also reached Divine Dominion! He didn't use more time than me! "
"Hua Tianming?" Yu Taibai muttered to himself for a moment, then said, "His method of reaching Divine Dominion is completely different from yours. That doesn't count …"
Yu Taibai was very clear about the roles that Dao children should play. He naturally knew what abilities Hua Tianming possessed.
"What's the difference?" Luo Zheng revealed a suspicious expression.
"He can devour the Discipline Tablet for his own use. Naturally, his cultivation will steadily increase. There won't even be any bottlenecks. It's only natural for him to reach Divine Dominion early," Yu Taibai said seriously.
"Devour the Discipline Tablet …" Luo Zheng was shocked.
"Let's not talk about this. Where did you go after the Han family's ancestral land?" Yu Taibai asked. This was the question that everyone was most concerned about.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then said, "I left Divine Dominion."
"Left Divine Dominion? Didn't you escape into the primal chaos? "Yu Shenfeng's voice suddenly rose an octave, and he stood up from his chair.
Even if Yu Shenfeng controlled Takanxuan Forest and Yu Taibai controlled Buzhou Spirit Mountain, they didn't have the right to leave Divine Dominion. The primal chaos would slowly corrode their bodies until there was nothing left of them. This kind of corrosion was irresistible.
Only Nirvana Realm experts or Saints had the right to travel through the primal chaos.
"Sit down, junior brother." Jing Wuhuan glared fiercely, and Yu Shenfeng obediently sat back down.
Yu Taibai wasn't too surprised. He knew that Luo Zheng's body was special and didn't fear the primal chaos' corrosion. He continued to ask, "Did Master's wife send you out?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded. "After that, I fell all the way to the bottom of the primal chaos."
"It's said that outside Divine Dominion is clouds of primal chaos. Outside of that, there's still primal chaos. It's extremely desolate. Did you eat that primal chaos to reach Divine Dominion?" Yu Shenfeng asked.
Although Yu Shenfeng's words were very idiotic, they weren't wrong …
Most true gods didn't even think about what was outside Divine Dominion. The Divine Dominion paragons here had some understanding of the primal chaos outside Divine Dominion. After all, there were records about the primal chaos in Divine Dominion's library. Those were all left behind by Gu Bei.
Who knew that Luo Zheng would shake his head. "The bottom of the primal chaos isn't desolate. There are living creatures there, and many experts!"
"There are people at the bottom of the primal chaos? They're all creatures above their level? "Even the usually calm Yu Taibai was shocked.
Jing Wu Huan, who had been silent for a long time, suddenly raised his eyebrows. "There's a world there?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng blinked. "That's a prison! There are many exiles locked up in this prison. These exiles are all from the mother world … "
"What kind of place is the mother world?" Yu Shenfeng asked curiously.
Jing Wuhuan and Yu Taibai looked at each other. Then, Yu Taibai said, "I heard that the mother world is the center of the entire primal chaos. These exiles locked up in this prison must have extremely powerful cultivations?"
"They're all Nirvana Realm experts." Luo Zheng nodded.
Hearing this, the Divine Dominion paragons and Aunt Hanjiu were all shocked.
At the same time, they felt a sense of danger.

Chapter 2279
Yu Taibai stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Were these Nirvana Realm experts imprisoned in this prison?"
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "But later, we broke the prison's shackles and allowed them to leave."
"Leave?" Even Jing Wuhuan couldn't remain calm. "They wouldn't have entered the divine realm, right?"
Yu Taibai thought for a moment and then asked, "The key is where these Nirvana Realm experts stand."
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "I was able to return to the Divine Dominion this time because those Nirvana Realm experts sent me back. These Nirvana Realm experts were born into different factions. Among them, the two strongest factions were the Nuwa Clan and the Chiyou Clan."
Jing Wuhuan, Yu Shenfeng, and Aunt Hanjiu didn't understand the meaning behind Luo Zheng's words.
They knew too little about their Mother World. Only Jing Wuhuan vaguely knew about its existence.
Thus, the names Nuwa and Chiyou were very unfamiliar to them.
Yu Taibai was the only one who rose to his feet and stared at Luo Zheng in disbelief. "The Nuwa Clan! Chiyou Clan? Chiyou Clan … Do they know about your bloodline? "
"I tested my bloodline in order to join the Chiyou Clan in the underground world." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Then what's their attitude?"
This man, who had always been as calm as a mountain, was now looking at Luo Zheng with excitement.
Yu Shenfeng's jaw dropped when he saw Yu Taibai's reaction. Even when he fused with the Takiguan Forest, Yu Taibai was still calm. He had never seen Yu Taibai so excited.
"I'll do my best to help," Luo Zheng said.
Yu Taibai suddenly let out a sigh of relief, a hint of uncontrollable joy appearing on his face. "Then where are they now? How many are there? "
"Including the Nuwa Clan, there should be 13 of them. They originally planned to return to the divine realm with me, but now there's a problem. They've been blocked by the divine realm and can't come in," Luo Zheng replied.
"Can't come in?" Yu Taibai was taken aback. He didn't expect this result.
Luo Zheng nodded. "When Chi You first established this God's Domain, in order to protect it, he naturally put in a lot of effort. If one wanted to forcefully shatter this God's Domain, even a peak figure of the Nirvana Realm would not be able to do so.
Aunt Han Jiu and Jing Wuhuan more or less understood what was going on now. Luo Zheng had wandered around the bottom of the Divine Region and actually brought back quite a number of Nirvana Realm experts. However, they were now blocked outside the Divine Region.
"But you and the other Saints can all return after leaving. How do you explain that?" asked Jing Wuhuan.
"Maybe it's because the other Sages and I were born in the Divine Dominion. That's why we were able to travel freely," Luo Zheng replied.
Hanjiu Yi frowned. "Then … how did the Xuan Yuan Guards get in?"
They didn't know much about their mother world, but they knew that their biggest enemy was the Xuanyuan Guard behind Dongfang Chunjun. Logically speaking, the Xuanyuan Guard was also an outsider.
"It's simple. The Xuanyuan Guard was also blocked by the divine realm and spent a lot of time to enter," Luo Zheng said. "These Nirvana Realm experts aren't completely unable to come in. They need to spend a few years to break through the space channel!"
"A few years …" Yu Taibai lowered his head and fell into deep thought.
The Daoists snuck out from the Dayan Universe one by one. Shi Xiaoqiao returned and took control of the Soul Wilderness. Yu Shenfeng controlled the Takixuan Forest. Hua Tianming snuck into the Dongfang Family. Luo Zheng stepped into the Great Fulfilment …
These were all small details in Yu Taibai's eyes. Although they were carried out step by step, they wouldn't have a huge impact on the overall situation.
But Luo Zheng suddenly brought back a group of Nirvana Realm experts, which directly turned the situation around.
This was completely out of Yu Taibai's calculations …
But for their side, the situation suddenly became very favorable, so favorable that Yu Taibai felt a little unprepared.
"How many years do they need to enter the divine realm?" Yu Taibai stared at Luo Zheng and asked. He had acutely realized that this was a critical time.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "Maybe a year, maybe five years. They can't be sure …"
…
…
"Boom!"
Inside the Dongfang Family's Divine Luan Palace.
Dongfang Chunjun slammed his palm down. The surface of the Clear Void Jade Dragon Chair behind him was instantly covered with countless fine lines.
"Crack …"
Along with a jarring sound, the entire Clear Void Jade Dragon Chair was completely annihilated by Dongfang Chunjun's power. Not even dust was left behind.
"A bunch of trash!"
"More than ten wealthy families, dozens of Great Fulfilment experts, and you can't even catch a junior who just stepped into the Great Fulfilment Realm. You still have the face to come back?" Dongfang Chunjun questioned coldly.
The entire Divine Luan Palace was silent.
After these Great Fulfilment True Gods returned to the floating island, they were directly summoned to the Dongfang family.
On the platform of the Divine Luan Palace, Tang Lun, Leng Yao, Mu Haiji, and the other Saints also remained silent. Their family's Great Fulfilment True Gods were being reprimanded by Dongfang Chunjun. They also felt ashamed, but Dongfang Chunjun was right.
Below them, Dongfang Taiqing, Mu Xuerong, Tang Wan, Fang Henshao, and the recently famous "Sky Sword" were all peak Great Fulfilment experts.
Apart from them, the other Great Fulfilment True Gods were also quite strong …
Sending these people to search for that target was enough to show how important this matter was to Dongfang Chunjun. Unexpectedly, they still returned empty-handed.
As the leader of the Great Fulfilment True Gods, Dongfang Taiqing could no longer remain silent. He took a step forward, raised his head, and said, "Luo Zheng's strength has increased greatly. He is very strong now. We are indeed no match for him!"
"No matter how strong he is, can he be stronger than dozens of Great Fulfilment True Gods like you?" Dongfang Chunjun mocked, as if he expected better from them.
Not to mention that Luo Zheng was very important, just this matter alone was enough to embarrass them …
The so-called rich and powerful families had become a complete joke!
"Great Sage Chunjun, forgive Mu Xuerong for speaking so boldly." Mu Xuerong cupped her hands and said, "If the space had not been sealed, we might have been able to fight. However, with the space sealed and unable to use greater teleportation, even a Quasi-Sage might not have a chance of winning!"
"Xuerong! You shouldn't have said so much! "Mu Haiji reprimanded. He naturally did not want Mu Xuerong to bear Dongfang Chunjun's anger.
However, Mu Xuerong was stubborn. She replied with a sharp face, "I'm telling the truth!"
Unexpectedly, Dongfang Chunjun suppressed his anger. "It has only been ten years. Has this kid's strength really reached such a level?"
Dongfang Taiqing cupped his hands and said, "It has indeed exceeded our expectations. I don't know where he cultivated a great ability to transform into a giant tens of thousands of feet tall. I tried my best to use the Golden Star Annihilation Hand, but its power was not even half of his …"
When the Sages heard this, their faces were filled with astonishment.
They were very clear about Dongfang Taiqing's strength. They had also seen Luo Zheng before. Back then, he was only a Lesser True God. In terms of bone age, he was just a young boy …

Chapter 2280
The best resources in the Realm of the Gods were all concentrated on the floating island.
At the entrance of the forbidden area, all kinds of resources were continuously sent to the Realm of the Gods.
Therefore, for countless years, when the geniuses of the Realm of the Gods were mentioned, everyone's attention would be drawn to the floating island …
"Luo Xiao is really something. I wonder what other tricks he has up his sleeve." Leng Yao sighed.
"Hmph, he's already a dead man. It doesn't matter what other tricks he has up his sleeve," Mu Haiji said coldly.
Just as the Saints were discussing, Dongfang Taiqing cupped his hands and said, "Taiqing has another strange matter to report!"
"Speak," Dongfang Chunjun said calmly.
"Luo Zheng's physical body is indeed powerful, but if the space in the Realm of the Gods wasn't sealed, we could still take him down if we could use greater teleportation," Dongfang Taiqing said.
Dongfang Chunjun didn't know what Dongfang Taiqing meant. He smiled faintly and said, "Are you saying that you want to blame me for sealing the Realm of the Gods?"
Dongfang Chunjun had wasted Shenwu Coins to write the rules on the Governing Slate so that the target wouldn't be able to escape.
In the end, these Perfected True Gods were bound instead. This was something they didn't expect.
"Of course not." Dongfang Taiqing shook his head and said, "The Snake Spirit Realm isn't within the range of the seal, so I planned to use the Floating Earth Bell to seal Luo Zheng's space. Then, everyone would be able to use greater teleportation freely and Luo Zheng wouldn't be so scary … But just as I was about to enter the Snake Spirit Realm, Luo Zheng actually took the initiative to force me back. He stepped into the Snake Spirit Realm first and used greater teleportation to escape!"
"You mean Luo Zheng saw through your plan?" Dongfang Chunjun asked.
Dongfang Taiqing shook his head. "Impossible. He didn't expect me to bring the Floating Earth Bell. Also, I used Quintessential Sound Transmission to transmit my plan. He couldn't have heard it."
Dongfang Chunjun's eyes flashed. "You mean that someone secretly told Luo Zheng about this, which gave him the upper hand?"
"Yes! There's a mole among us! " Dongfang Taiqing nodded. Then, his gaze swept over the heads of the people and landed on Hua Tianming.
This time, everyone followed his gaze and looked at Hua Tianming. It was clear that Dongfang Taiqing suspected that "Sky Sword" was the mole.
Hua Tianming, on the other hand, looked unperturbed. "I've never seen Luo Zheng. Before this, I didn't even know of such a person. Brother Taiqing, aren't you being too hasty by saying that I'm a mole based on your own subjective assumptions?"
Dongfang Chunjun smiled faintly. "Taiqing, I know that you and Sky Sword have never been on good terms. You're being too presumptuous to think that Luo Zheng is a traitor just because he attacked you."
Tang Lun also laughed and joined in the fun, "You're right. Even if there's really a mole among you Perfect Real Gods, everyone is suspicious. You can't conclude that it's Tian Jian just based on this point. This is illogical!"
Dongfang Taiqing glared at Heavenly Sword.
Indeed, it was unreasonable for so many people to only suspect Sky Sword One.
However, based on his own intuition, Dongfang Taiqing felt that "Sky Sword" was the most suspicious …
However, the Sages had already said so. Moreover, he had always been on bad terms with Sky Sword. If he still insisted, he would definitely not receive support. Instead, he would leave a bad impression that he had taken the opportunity to eliminate his opponent.
Dongfang Taiqing could only give up.
"Forget it. I didn't expect that the person who returned from outside the divine territory would be Luo Zheng … You can all leave now." Dongfang Chunjun waved his hand.
The Perfect Real Gods present felt relieved and quickly left the Divine Luan Palace.
After the Perfect Real Gods left, Dongfang Chunjun said, "Luo Zheng is just a small accident. The most troublesome ones are the people from outside the divine territory!"
Hearing this, the Sages present all looked serious.
"People who can travel in the Chaos, one is a Sage, and the other is a Nirvana Realm expert," Leng Yao analyzed.
"Don't forget about that fellow Luo Zheng," Tang Lun added.
"Hmph, don't mention that fellow!" Mu Haiji was instantly unhappy.
The sword he had slashed into the Dayan Universe did not take Luo Zheng's life.
At the entrance of the Sea of Time, Dongfang Chunjun had personally attacked, but Luo Zheng still managed to escape …
Under the encirclement of dozens of Perfect Real Gods, he still managed to escape safely!
Now, whenever Mu Haiji heard the two words "Luo Zheng," he would have a headache.
"Let's not talk about how Luo Zheng survived in the Chaos for now. What we need to know now is who the people from outside the divine territory are and find out their stance," Dongfang Chunjun said calmly.
"Won't we know once we go and take a look?" Tang Lun said.
Qin Yuan, the Sage of the Qin family, laughed. "Who's going? Are you going? "
"Me? I'm not going! "Tang Lun quickly shook his head and said.
If the people from outside the divine territory were Sages, there was only one possibility. It was most likely that Gu Bei had returned …
However, according to Mu Haiji, the people from outside the divine territory had constructed an indestructible space tunnel in the Dayan Universe.
Regardless of whether it was Gu Bei or not, anyone who had such means would be courting death if they ran out rashly.
At that moment, a thin old man suddenly walked in from the main entrance of the Divine Luan Palace.
This old man looked amiable, and his body emitted the fragrance of medicinal herbs.
Some of the Sages sniffed lightly and knew that those herbs were definitely cheap ones …
However, when these Sages saw this old man, they did not look down on him at all. This was because they could not see through this thin old man's cultivation level!
The thin old man slowly walked into the Divine Luan Palace and calmly cupped his hands at the Sages. He smiled and said, "Someone has to go. You rely on the universe and are immortal. You'll be able to revive in a few years. What are you afraid of?"
"Elder Hu." Dongfang Chunjun, Mu Haiji, and the other Sages bowed at the thin old man.
"This is the famous Elder Hu?"
Qin Yuan and the other Sages also cupped their hands and bowed.
The Sages of the Wealthy Alliance all knew of Elder Hu's existence, but not all of them had seen him before.
"You haven't realized the great danger we're in. Since they sent Luo Zheng back, they'll definitely find a way to enter the divine territory. The outer wall of the divine territory … We couldn't destroy it back then, so it's likely that they can't destroy it either. However, it's only a matter of time before they forcefully open the space tunnel. Back then, we only spent twenty years.
When Elder Hu said this, the Sages' hearts immediately sank …
Even Elder Hu, who was in the Paramita Realm, was very wary of people from outside the divine territory. Sages like them were even less fortunate.
While the Sages were silent, Zhao Family's Sage Zhao Wuyi suddenly said, "Then let me, Zhao Wuyi, go!"
Zhao Family had just joined the Wealthy Alliance not long ago. With Dongfang Chunjun's support, their floating island was also thriving day by day. However, their foundation was still unstable. They needed to do something to prove themselves to Dongfang Chunjun.

Chapter 2281
Dongfang Chunjun was rather surprised that Zhao Wuyi volunteered himself.
The other Saints also breathed a sigh of relief.
Saints could indeed be reborn by relying on the universe, but there were always accidents.
When Dongfang Chunjun had led people to hunt down Li Luoshui, a Saint had also fallen in the Black Fire Torrent. Li Luoshui had used some unknown method to temporarily cut off the connection between the Saint and the universe. That was a complete and utter death!
Now that they were going to come into contact with outsiders, who knew what kind of power they had?
This was definitely a huge risk.
"If Brother Zhao is willing, that's the best thing. I, Dongfang Chunjun, swear to protect your universe!" Dongfang Chunjun said seriously.
Protecting Zhao Wuyi's universe meant protecting Zhao Wuyi's life. Naturally, it would also protect his Zhao family's position as one of the wealthiest families on the floating island …
Zhao Wuyi smiled. "Brother Chunjun has always been a man of his word. With your word, I can rest assured!"
"This matter should not be delayed. Let's go now," Elder Hu said faintly.
Although he always looked calm in front of these Saints, he was actually very anxious.
As a Paramita powerhouse, Elder Hu had always thought that the Xuanyuan Guards were in control of the entire situation.
As long as the Origin Seal was undone, his brothers would be freed and it would only be a matter of time before they took over the divine realm.
But when he suddenly heard that outsiders had arrived, a bad premonition arose in Hu Lao's heart.
He was anxious to ascertain the strength and stance of these outsiders. This was also why Elder Hu was willing to come personally today.
"The space tunnel they built runs through my universe. I think they should be at the top of the universe. Brother Wuyi, you can borrow my universe. If you don't mind, I'll build a space tunnel first. Brother Wuyi, Brother Chunjun, and Elder Hu can follow me," Mu Haiji suggested.
A universe could only hold three True Gods at the same time, and this was after Dongfang Chunjun had modified the Governing Slate.
Saints were essentially Perfected True Gods, so Mu Haiji could not invite all the Saints in the Divine Luan Palace. Otherwise, he would trigger the rules of the Governing Slate and be punished.
Now, only Dongfang Chunjun, Zhao Wuyi, and Elder Hu were allowed to enter.
As for Mu Haiji, as the creator of the universe, he was naturally not restricted.
After Dongfang Chunjun and Elder Hu nodded, Mu Haiji extended his hand and used greater teleportation.
An invisible spatial fluctuation shot up into the sky, and in an instant, it was connected to the extreme universe …
Zhao Wuyi, Dongfang Chunjun, and Elder Hu followed the spatial ripples and used greater teleportation to follow Mu Haiji into the depths of the universe.
There was a light green star at the top of the universe.
For the 'pseudo-saints' of the Ultimate Universe, this tallest and brightest star had countless mysterious legends.
In the great extreme universe, there were many powerhouses who wanted to climb up this star.
However, once they reached a certain height, they would encounter an invisible 'spatial wall'. No matter how hard they tried, they were unable to cross this spatial wall.
Therefore, to the creatures of this world, this star was like a flower in the mirror, the moon in the water. They could see it, but they could never touch it.
What they didn't know was that this star was just a palace that Mu Haiji had built in his inner world.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Accompanied by a wave of spatial fluctuations.
Mu Haiji appeared in the palace at the top of the planet.
He tapped lightly with his finger …
In the palace, colorful flowers bloomed in an instant, and a faint floral fragrance filled the entire palace.
At this time, Dongfang Chunjun, Elder Hu, and Zhao Wuyi followed closely behind and appeared in the palace.
"That spatial tunnel is constructed from that direction." Mu Haiji pointed out the direction.
Zhao Wuyi glanced over, and nodded silently.
For a Saint, a deviation of several thousand kilometers was acceptable. With greater teleportation, this distance was only a matter of thought.
Mu Haiji, Elder Hu, and Dongfang Chunjun each separated a wisp of their soul and attached it to Zhao Wuyi's body. Afterward, Zhao Wuyi used greater teleportation again and took a step forward, entering the spatial tunnel.
This spatial tunnel was directly connected to the primal chaos outside the divine realm …
…
…
Traveling through the primal chaos was practically a compulsory course for Saints.
When Paragons and Quasi Saints became Saints in the Saint Mountain, they would develop a boundless curiosity about the world outside the divine realm. This was because they were already peak existences in the divine realm. If they wanted to climb to a higher level, they could only look outside the divine realm …
However, most Saints were very disappointed after traveling through the primal chaos.
Apart from large swaths of primal chaos, there was almost nothing there. Most Saints would obediently return to the divine realm after circling it a few times and start painstakingly managing their own clans so that they could rise to become a powerful clan on a floating island.
This was only the second time Zhao Wuyi had left the divine realm.
After standing at the top of the divine realm, his field of vision had become extremely wide.
The top of the God Domain was so vast, and as far as his eyes could see, it was completely empty. How could there be anyone from outside the God Domain?
Zhao Wuyi's eyes flashed slightly as he stood in place. His consciousness spread out in all directions with him as the center!
A thousand kilometers, ten thousand kilometers, fifty thousand kilometers …
Somewhere else at the top of the divine realm.
Ming Wei stood in the air, and below her, there was a seven-colored ring that was slowly rotating.
At the center of the seven-colored ring, the high-speed spatial ripples formed a huge spatial spiral that constantly pierced through the restrictions in space!
She'd been in this position for a long time.
Elder Jin, Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the ladies from the Nuwa Clan were all sitting cross-legged with their eyes closed.
Piercing through the restrictions in the spatial tunnel required a lot of time and energy. They were also prepared for a protracted battle.
"Clan Master, you've already persisted for more than half a month. We can take over from you," said a Nirvana Realm powerhouse from the Nuwa Clan.
Ming Wei smiled faintly. "Let's not talk about half a month. With this amount of energy, even a year and a half won't be a problem."
"But we also …" The Nirvana Realm powerhouse was halfway through his sentence when a strange expression appeared on his face.
At the same time, Elder Jin, Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the rest opened their eyes.
They sensed a weak strand of Divine Sense spreading out!
"Who's spying on us?" Chi Yi asked with a frown.
"It's just a mere Paragons … No, it's more powerful than an ordinary Paragons," said Elder Jin.
"Hmph, no matter who it is, we'll know once we catch them and interrogate them. Yuyan, you take over from me! "Ming Wei sneered and disappeared from the spot.

Chapter 2282
With Ming Wei's ability, it was a piece of cake for her to follow the divine sense to find the target.
The moment she disappeared, she had already determined the location.
When Zhao Wuyi's divine sense swept past Ming Wei and the others, he naturally discovered the outsiders.
The moment he discovered them, he felt a spatial ripple above his head!
"Hum!"
"So fast?" Zhao Wu Yi's face revealed a look of astonishment.
Ming Wei stood straight in the air and looked down at Zhao Wuyi. She sneered. "You … are the so-called Saint?"
Although Ming Wei did not use her aura to suppress him.
The aura she unintentionally emitted still made Zhao Wuyi feel great pressure.
This pressure was many times stronger than "Elder Hu"!
If it was an ordinary True God, they would only think that this woman was powerful. Because Zhao Wuyi was a Saint, he could acutely sense how terrifying this woman was!
"I'm Zhao Wuyi," Zhao Wuyi said humbly.
He kept warning himself in his heart that no matter what, he should not provoke this woman in front of him.
Ming Wei glanced at him with an indifferent expression. She stretched out her hand and pointed a finger. A seven-colored ring enveloped Zhao Wu Yi.
"Whoosh —"
Then, Zhao Wuyi felt the space around him being locked. He was involuntarily dragged into the spatial tunnel by Ming Wei.
In the green star at the top of Da Ji Universe …
Dongfang Chunjun and Mu Haiji's expressions were extremely serious. They had already seen Ming Wei through the wisp of soul attached to Zhao Wuyi.
"Elder Hu, do you know this woman?" Dongfang Chunjun asked.
By attaching their souls to Zhao Wuyi, they could also feel it. The pressure that Ming Wei gave them was too strong!
"No." Elder Hu shook his head. Even Elder Hu, who was a Nirvana Realm powerhouse, had a serious expression. "But this woman is very strong …"
Since Elder Hu had such an evaluation, Dongfang Chunjun and Mu Haiji's expressions did not look too good.
"How strong?" Dongfang Chunjun asked unwillingly. "Is Elder Hu not her match?"
Elder Hu smiled bitterly. "We're both in the Nirvana Realm, but the difference in strength is huge. That woman is clearly at the peak of the Nirvana Realm. As for me …" Elder Hu shook his head with certainty. "I'm far from being her match!"
Such an evaluation was far beyond Dongfang Chunjun and Mu Haiji's expectations. The two Saints looked at each other and saw the shock in each other's eyes.
While they were discussing, Zhao Wuyi had already been dragged out of the spatial tunnel by Ming Wei.
Through the sub-soul attached to Zhao Wuyi, Dongfang Chunjun and the other two sucked in a cold breath again.
They actually saw more than ten Nirvana Realm experts!
These Nirvana Realm experts all had extraordinary auras and were not much weaker than the woman from before. The shock on the faces of Elder Hu, Mu Haiji, and Dongfang Chunjun became more and more intense.
Elder Jin sat on the ground and looked at Zhao Wu Yi. "Speak, why did you use your divine sense to spy on us?"
Zhao Wuyi forced himself to remain calm as he stood amongst this group of Paramita Realm experts. "I'm not spying on all of you."
Hearing this, Elder Jin, Ming Wei, and the others exchanged a faint smile.
"A mere True God dares to show off in front of me. You really overestimate yourself." Ming Wei slowly walked toward Zhao Wuyi after she finished speaking. Her finger slowly landed on his forehead, and an ice-cold sensation entered Zhao Wuyi's mind.
In the eyes of Ming Wei and the others, a Saint was indeed much more powerful than a Perfected True God with their universe. However, this was still a True God and did not change much.
It was a pity that Zhao Wuyi, a Saint, could not even resist …
As the rainbow light on Ming Wei's fingertip flashed slightly, she gently pulled it back, and three palm-sized rainbow rings floated in the air. Within these rainbow rings were three strands of soul shackles.
She had actually forcefully pulled out Elder Hu, Dongfang Chunjun, and Mu Haiji's sub-souls.
"Two True God souls and one Nirvana Realm expert. You three are the ones behind this. Am I right?" Ming Wei said calmly.
The three sub-souls started to change shape …
The leading sub-soul quickly turned into Elder Hu and cupped his hands at Ming Wei. He said politely, "Friend, you're from the Mother World, right? Forgive me for not coming out to greet you! "
"Forgive me for not coming out to greet you? You obviously didn't dare to come out yourself and sent a scapegoat, "Ming Wei said coldly.
Existences like Ming Wei and Elder Jin could see through these tricks with a single glance.
Elder Hu became honest. "Hehe, I can't help it. I'm not strong enough and am afraid of losing my life for nothing. I can only be cautious. Please forgive me! However … Why have you come to the Realm of the Gods? "
Elder Hu still had a glimmer of hope in his heart. He hoped that these people were not standing against him!
"Why have I come?" Ming Wei smiled faintly. "Of course it's to help Luo Zheng and eliminate all his enemies! I'm sure you're on his list, right? Otherwise, you wouldn't have appeared in front of us so sneakily and asked about our stance. "
Ming Wei said it casually, but Elder Hu, Dongfang Chunjun, and Mu Haiji's hearts suddenly sank.
This was probably what they did not want to hear the most.
In the Realm of the Gods …
Mu Haiji smiled bitterly. "What did Luo Zheng do to attract so many Nirvana Realm powerhouses to help him?"
Dongfang Chunjun also took a deep breath!
Mu Xuerong originally had a chance to kill Luo Zheng in the Sea of Time forbidden zone, but he had personally ordered Dongfang Taiqing to stop her.
He never expected that a single order from him would cause such a huge hidden danger. It was unbelievable!
Elder Hu thought for a moment, then continued to control his sub-soul. He said to Ming Wei, "What Luo Zheng can give you, we can give you. We'll even offer the entire Realm of the Gods. What do you think?"
The Realm of the Gods was the result of Chiyou's efforts. Its value was extraordinary.
The exiles at the bottom of the Chaos Abyss had many ideas about the Realm of the Gods, but because of Ming Wei, they could only give up on this idea.
"Offer the Realm of the Gods with both hands?" This time, it was Ming Wei who was slightly taken aback. She then looked at Elder Jin with a meaningful smile.
Elder Jin, Fu Er, Chi Yi, and the other Chiyou Nirvana Realm powerhouses laughed loudly. Their laughter made Zhao Wuyi's hair stand on end. It made Elder Hu, Dongfang Chunjun, and Mu Haiji feel very guilty.

Chapter 2283
The Nirvana Realm was a realm that referred to living beings who had stepped foot on the Nirvana Realm.
The difference in strength between the Nirvana Realm and the Nirvana Realm was like heaven and earth.
Elder Hu could become a Xuanyuan Guard because he was considered a top figure in the Mother World.
However, in the eyes of Elder Jin and Ming Wei, he was still not worth mentioning.
Elder Hu was puzzled by Elder Jin's words. He stared at Elder Jin and asked, "Why do you say that?"
Ming Wei smiled lightly and answered on behalf of Elder Jin, "This Deity Realm was originally created by Chi You, and Elder Jin is a member of the Li Clan, a Five Star Chi You Guard. Yet, you intend to use the Deity Realm as a trade. Isn't that too naive?
Elder Hu, Dongfang Chunjun, and Mu Haiji's expressions turned ugly when they heard Ming Wei's words.
They didn't know where Luo Zheng had invited these powerful beings from …
In a situation where they couldn't fight back, they planned to sacrifice the benefits of the Realm of the Gods to bribe these people.
This was their last resort. How could they have known that the elder in front of them was a member of the Li Clan and a Chi You Guard?
Elder Jin's expression was solemn as he said in a deep voice, "This Realm of the Gods is the Realm of Inheritance of the Li Clan. If you know what's good for you, quickly retreat from the Realm of the Gods. I can spare your lives!"
Now that Elder Jin and Ming Wei had made their stance clear, there was no room for negotiation.
Mu Haiji, Elder Hu, and Dongfang Chunjun's three sub-souls fell silent …
As for Zhao Wuyi, he was also extremely depressed. It seemed that this group of people didn't come with good intentions. He was most likely going to die today.
"What if we don't leave?" Elder Hu asked calmly.
Jin Lao's eyes suddenly flashed with a bright light. His burly figure suddenly shook as he made a grasping motion towards Zhao Wuyi.
An irresistible force suddenly enveloped Zhao Wuyi. This force contained a vast might that came from the Nirvana Realm.
Zhao Wuyi was originally bound by Ming Wei and couldn't resist Elder Jin's methods.
Crack crack crack crack …
Zhao Wuyi only felt that irresistible force instantly fill every part of his body and then explode at the same time.
All the bones in his body began to break …
"Pa!"
With a loud explosion, Zhao Wu Yi's body was reduced to fine powder.
"If you don't want to leave, you'll end up like this," Elder Jin said with a cold expression.
A dignified Saint was killed by Elder Jin in a single move.
However, when Zhao Wuyi's body was crushed, a unique mark of light emerged from his dantian. This mark of light flew away along the flat space at the top of the Realm of the Gods.
"Eh?"
When Fu Er saw the light spot escape, a strange expression appeared on his face and he quickly moved behind the light spot. At the same time, he quickly formed several hand seals in an attempt to capture the light spot.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The handprints turned into circles of pale green runes. These runes constantly shrouded the light spots, but they were unable to obstruct them in the slightest.
Fu Er could only watch as the dot of light escaped and burrowed into the Celestial Realm …
If an ordinary True God's physical body was destroyed, their inner world would collapse and their soul would be destroyed. That would be a complete and utter death.
However, after a Saint constructed the universe, the entire universe was actually one with the Realm of the Gods. As long as the universe didn't shatter, the Saint wouldn't truly die.
There were only two ways to kill a Saint. One was to destroy the entire universe while killing the Saint. The other was to sever the connection between the Saint and the universe while killing the Saint.
Fu Er wanted to leave the light spot behind to sever the connection between Zhao Wuyi and the universe, but he failed.
His abilities weren't enough to go against Chi You's plan …
The only person in the Realm of the Gods who had this ability was Li Luoshui.
This was also the reason why Li Luoshui was able to kill several Saints when she was underground.
"Very good, then let's see if that day will come." Elder Hu's soul fragment smiled eerily. That soul fragment suddenly exploded and dissipated into the seven-colored halo.
At the same time, Dongfang Chunjun and Mu Haiji's soul fragments also exploded …
Elder Jin was still in the same position as when he crushed Zhao Wuyi. After calming down, he said to Ming Wei, "Actually, if they sent people to find out our position, we should have just killed them. Why did we have to expose Luo Zheng?"
Fu Er flew over and smiled bitterly. "We shouldn't have used the universe of these Saints to send Luo Zheng in. They must have found us through the space tunnel you constructed. This is very disadvantageous for Luo Zheng."
After all, they couldn't enter the Realm of the Gods yet. Once Luo Zheng was in danger, they wouldn't be able to help.
Ming Wei smiled faintly. "Since you've placed so much hope on Luo Zheng, if he can't even get through this difficult situation, how can he return to the Mother World?"
"These are two different things. Even if we want to train Luo Zheng, there's no need for him to face a Nirvana Realm master," said Elder Jin.
"They're obviously the same thing, okay? Besides … "Ming Wei looked down at the Realm of the Gods beneath her. Her eyes emitted a rainbow light, and her gaze became infinitely deep.
It was as if she could see Luo Zheng in the Realm of the Gods. It was as if everything was under her control. "Besides, since I can send Luo Zheng in, I can also get him out!"
…
…
In the Takeshi Xuan Forest …
Luo Zheng sat on top of a green lake and silently activated the True Meaning of Dao.
At this moment, the Dao in his Inner World was violently colliding.
This was the biggest problem of fusing Dao energy …
It was definitely not an easy task to perfectly fuse hundreds of Divine Daos together.
If one of the Divine Daos changed, the original Dao fusion energy would become extremely unstable. If the unstable Dao fusion energy exploded in the Inner World, one could imagine what kind of disaster it would be.
This time, after Luo Zheng advanced to the Great Fulfilment Realm, he needed to fuse all the Dao fusion energy again.
"This Dao fusion ability is too troublesome. In the future, every time you absorb a Divine Dao, you'll have to fuse it again. The efficiency is too low. Even if you fuse all of them in the end, there won't be any results. It's simply wishful thinking to achieve the unification of Dao fusion." 9527's consciousness passed into Luo Zheng's mind. It had always been very disdainful of Dao fusion energy.
"But it's still very important to me at this stage," Luo Zheng responded calmly.

Chapter 2284
As Luo Zheng silently recited the True Meaning of Nature in his heart …
He was completely immersed in the state of nature. Both his body and soul were extremely relaxed.
"Drip, drip …"
The sound of dew rolling down from the leaves, the sound of mosquitoes and flies flapping their wings, and the rustling of grass could be heard.
At the same time that he was fusing his Divine Dao, Luo Zheng's True Meaning of Nature also made slight progress.
Luo Zheng had already comprehended 99% of the True Meaning of Nature. If he broke through the last shackle, he would begin to cross the sea of True Meaning.
However, this shackle was too difficult and obscure. He had not been able to break through it since he left the Divine Realm.
One day and one night later …
In the center of this green lake, an extremely powerful energy fluctuation suddenly emerged.
As this energy fluctuation spread out, the originally calm lake water began to tremble, as if it was boiling water.
Some of the creatures hiding by the lake felt this energy fluctuation and fled in all directions.
"Buzz —"
Luo Zheng gently flipped his hands, and a ball of extremely viscous energy slowly dissipated from his dantian.
When he took out this ball of energy, the surface of the lake below him sank …
"I've succeeded in fusing again." Luo Zheng's face revealed a joyful expression.
After all, Luo Zheng had already fused once before. With this experience, the difficulty of fusing all the Dao accumulations again was greatly reduced.
Now that Luo Zheng had stepped into the Great Perfection stage, the Dao accumulations released from the Godhead were even purer. This Dao fusion energy was naturally more powerful than before!
"The True Meaning of Nature has also improved. As long as I take another step, this True Meaning of Dao will be considered complete. I wonder how it will feel to cross the sea of True Meaning," Luo Zheng murmured.
Just as Luo Zheng was lost in thought …
A water arrow suddenly gushed out from the lake below him. This water arrow actually shot directly at Luo Zheng.
"Swish!"
This water arrow was indeed extremely fast. However, at this moment, Luo Zheng was still operating the True Meaning of Nature. He only tilted his head slightly in the direction of the water arrow, as if looking behind him, and easily dodged it.
"Swish, swish, swish, swish …"
Arrows of water continuously rose from the surface of the lake.
In the blink of an eye, thousands of water arrows shot towards Luo Zheng.
The strength of these water arrows was not great. When they hit the body, it was just a puddle of water. However, Luo Zheng's body twisted at will, like a willow fluttering in the wind.
Even though these water arrows were as dense as rain, they were unable to wet Luo Zheng's clothes.
As Luo Zheng dodged aside, he looked around with a strange smile on his face.
"Is it Youqin? Or Xiao Die? "
Even with the strength of his soul, he was unable to find the person who was controlling the water arrows to play tricks on him …
Luo Zheng dodged the water arrows and sped across the lake.
After circling the small lake once, his gaze finally locked onto a clump of grass by the lake.
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he had already pounced towards the clump of grass, throwing one of them into his arms.
Following a scream, Luo Zheng looked down and was slightly surprised. "Yan 'er?"
Luo Yan's face was slightly red, but her cheeks were still puffed up. She said rather bitterly, "Brother returned to the immortal mansion, but he didn't see me! Even if you don't miss me, your sister, you must miss me, right? "
Luo Zheng had returned to the immortal mansion for several days, but he did not set foot in the Cultivation Pagoda.
Previously, when Xun and Ning Yudie were "stowaways," they placed everyone else in the Cultivation Pagoda. Taking advantage of this opportunity, they also chose to cultivate in seclusion.
Looking at Luo Yan's angry appearance, Luo Zheng faintly smiled. "Of course I miss you and Nian 'er, but I heard that you both chose to cultivate in seclusion, so I didn't want to disturb you."
Luo Yan naturally would not get angry with her brother. After climbing up from the ground, she looked at Luo Zheng and said, "I didn't expect brother to really step into the great perfection stage. This time, Yan 'er fell behind!"
Originally, Luo Yan's cultivation was much higher than Luo Zheng's.
Back when Luo Zheng was still a Proof of Divinity martial artist, Luo Yan was already an upper true god.
In the past ten years, Luo Zheng had stepped into the great perfection stage, but Luo Yan was still an upper true god.
Without waiting for Luo Zheng to speak, Luo Yan added, "But Yan 'er also felt a trace of great perfection opportunity, brother shouldn't be too far ahead!"
Luo Yan's current situation was similar to Luo Zheng's. Her "Saint Word Art True Meaning of Annihilation" had also reached the final stage. Once she stepped into the great perfection stage, she would be able to cross over to the other side.
"Yan 'er has always been smarter than brother, brother naturally has to fall behind." Luo Zheng said with a smile. Speaking of which, since young Luo Zheng felt that his talent was not as good as Luo Yan's. "But what ability did you use to hide yourself? Why couldn't I detect it? "
Luo Yan smiled. "It's Xian An. The entire Takeshi Xuan Forest is under his control, it's easy for him to help me hide my presence!"
"Controlling the Takeshi Xuan Forest can do this?" Luo Zheng's gaze narrowed.
"What's so strange about that, senior apprentice-brother can also do this in Buzhou Spirit Mountain." Luo Yan said matter-of-factly.
The senior apprentice-brother she was referring to was Yu Taibai. Luo Yan had stayed in Buzhou Spirit Mountain for a long time, and knew what kind of power the master of the forbidden area had.
Back then, she could freely enter and exit Buzhou Spirit Mountain, and even directly control all the monsters on Buzhou Spirit Mountain. All of this was thanks to Yu Taibai.
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded silently.
Such a Perfect True God relying on the forbidden area was indeed qualified to fight against a Saint.
"Quickly go back, Nian 'er misses you, dad!" Luo Yan blinked and smiled.
It should be known that Ning Yudie and the others were not the only ones in Immortal Mansion, there was also Luo Nian, Mu Mingxue, Granny Yu and the others.
After hearing that Luo Zheng had returned, they all came out of the Cultivation Pagoda …
In Immortal Mansion, Luo Nian stood in the middle of the hall, wearing a lavender robe and a luxurious belt around her waist.
The current Luo Nian had completely matured.
His appearance was seventy to eighty percent similar to Luo Zheng's, but his temperament was slightly gentler, and his quick-witted eyes gazed at Luo Zheng.
"Nian 'er!"
These past few years, Luo Zheng had spent more time away from Luo Nian than with him. He couldn't help but feel a little guilty.
Every time he saw Luo Nian, he was constantly growing, and could always give Luo Zheng quite a pleasant surprise.
Back then, Luo Nian had been clamoring about wanting to make his way in the divine realm. In just ten years, he had followed in the footsteps of Ning Yudie and Xun, and become a testimonial martial artist.
Thinking about it, with the guidance of a Perfect True God and a Quasi-Saint in Immortal Mansion, and with Luo Nian's original talent, it was only a matter of time before he became a Lesser True God.
After Yu Taibai helped him change his blood, he would be able to set foot in the divine realm, and be exempted from Immortal Mansion's protection …
"Nian 'er has missed you so much these past few years, dad. Did you miss me?" Luo Nian blinked, and there was a faint sadness in the depths of his eyes.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng felt even more guilty. He only said, "Of course I did."

Chapter 2285
Ning Yudie glared at Luo Nian and reprimanded, "Luo Nian, I've told you countless times! You can't treat people like this, especially your father! "
Luo Nian chuckled, "Just because he's my father, I shouldn't be stingy with this little gift after not seeing him for so long, right?"
Luo Nian had only been serious for three breaths of time, but his lazy nature had already been revealed.
"That's right, that's right, how can a father be stingy with his son. Luo Zheng's harvest this time is definitely not small. If there's anything good, I'll definitely leave a share for the little guy." Yu Shenfeng, who had been standing far away, suddenly came over and blinked at Luo Nian.
"Xian An, don't join in the fun!" Ning Yudie's beautiful eyebrows were tightly knitted together.
After all these years, Yu Shen Feng and Luo Nian could be said to have become a couple …
However, Yu Shenfeng's brain wasn't as good as Luo Nian's. All the good things on his body had been taken away by Luo Nian through various tricks.
There was even a precious treasure that Gu Bei had passed down. This treasure was extremely important to Yu Shenfeng.
When Jing Wuhuan found out about this, Jing Wuhuan scolded Yu Shenfeng and took it back from Luo Nian …
Even now, Yu Shenfeng was still brooding over this. His heart was extremely unbalanced, and now he was helping Luo Nian extort Luo Zheng.
"Our Nian 'er's standards are very high. Ordinary things don't catch his eye, but as a father, I can't just casually dismiss him." Yu Shenfeng continued to add fuel to the fire.
"Father, don't listen to Second Martial Uncle's nonsense. If Nian 'er is only a small part of Father's heart," Luo Nian smiled.
Although he said this, anyone could understand the meaning behind his words …
Seeing Luo Nian like this, Ning Yudie helplessly sighed.
Luo Zheng also knew Luo Nian's personality and didn't care too much. He smiled and said, "You really shouldn't be too stingy."
Saying this, he reached out and pointed. The spatial ring on his index finger emitted a faint light, and a small golden snake slithered out from the spatial ring.
The other people in the main hall watched as Luo Zheng "extorted" his father. They also wanted to see what Luo Zheng could pull out.
When the little golden snake came out, it immediately attracted everyone's attention.
"Luo Zheng, what kind of treasure is this?" Aunt Hanjiu's eyes flashed with surprise when she saw the little golden snake.
As for Yu Shenfeng, his body suddenly trembled. He stared at the little golden snake as if his eyeballs were going to pop out of their sockets …
Yu Shen Feng's talent was extremely strong, but without the Takeshi Xuan Forest, his strength might not even be comparable to Jing Wu Huan.
This was because he had wasted a large amount of time and talent on unorthodox paths, such as the path of puppetry.
Over the years, Luo Nian had squeezed quite a few puppets out of him.
As soon as he saw the little golden snake, he was attracted to it!
"Junior brother, this is a puppet snake!" Yu Shenfeng said excitedly.
Yu Shen Feng immediately lay down and stared at the puppet snake … …
In terms of craftsmanship, this puppet snake was really ordinary.
Even with Yu Shenfeng's craftsmanship, he could make a puppet that looked exactly like a real person.
But from the aura of this little golden snake, it completely surpassed Yu Shenfeng's knowledge.
"It's a puppet," Luo Zheng replied with a nod.
Yu Shenfeng carefully stroked the little golden snake and said excitedly, "This isn't cold flame gold, nor is it jade face gold. I've never seen such a material before. It shouldn't exist in the realm of the gods. And this little snake's eyes are very strange. Where … where did you get this little golden snake!"
Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "This little golden snake is indeed not from the realm of the gods. It was given to me by a senior outside the realm."
Before Luo Zheng returned to the realm of the gods, Fu Er, Old Jin and the others were worried and gave him some life saving treasures.
Fu Er gave Luo Zheng three thunder talismans. Chi Yi gave him a pill. And Old Jin gave him this little golden snake …
"How strong is this little thing?" Yu Shenfeng asked.
Luo Zheng blinked and shook his head. "I haven't tried it, but it shouldn't be much of a problem to deal with a Perfection stage cultivator."
After all, this was a life-saving treasure given to Luo Zheng by Old Jin. Luo Zheng had never used it before. Perhaps it was even stronger than Luo Zheng estimated. Giving it to Luo Nian for self-defense wasn't a bad idea.
When Luo Zheng said this, Ning Yudie's expression also changed. She said, "Husband can keep this treasure for self-defense. Giving it to Nian 'er is too …"
She didn't finish her sentence before Yu Shenfeng grabbed Luo Nian and started bargaining. He didn't even listen to her.
"Luo Nian, give me this little golden snake! I'll give you ten puppets in exchange! "
"I won't!"
"Twenty puppets!"
"No!"
"I can also customize it for you. What do you want? I'll make it for you …"
"No!"
"Let me study it for two days …"
"…"
Seeing this scene between Yu Shenfeng and Luo Nian, Luo Zheng could only smile helplessly.
At this moment, his eyebrows suddenly furrowed. He sent a wisp of his consciousness into the spatial ring. Inside the spatial ring was the corpse of a mouse. At this moment, the mouse's fur was emitting a faint light.
This rat corpse was the stonegrodent Luo Zheng had encountered when he first stepped into the divine realm.
The stonegrodent had been left behind by Old Man Extreme Evil. Unexpectedly, the stonegrodent had bitten him and caused him to lose his physical body.
Later, when the stonegrodent had devoured Luo Zheng's dantian, it had swallowed the chaos energy in his inner world and been poisoned to death.
According to Old Man Extreme Evil, this unique true spirit had once assisted a True God in becoming a Saint. It was also involved in the mysteries of "reincarnation". Using the rat corpse, one could find a reincarnated stonegrodent. Even a dead stonegrodent was very valuable.
However, Luo Zheng didn't lack shenwu coins, so he never sold the rat corpse.
Unexpectedly, the rat corpse had changed. Did this mean that a new stonegrodent had been born somewhere in the divine realm?
At this thought, Luo Zheng awakened Old Man Extreme Evil from the depths of his mind …
"What's wrong, Luo Zheng? Did you help me find a physical body? "
Old Man Extreme Evil had been sealed for a long time this time. When he woke up, he was still in a daze.
"No," Luo Zheng replied. All these years, Luo Zheng hadn't had the chance to find a suitable body for Old Man Extreme Evil in the depths of the chaos. "But that rat corpse is acting strangely."
"That stonegrodent? It's reincarnated? "Old Man Extreme Evil was slightly taken aback, his eyes filled with excitement.
Luo Zheng nodded and stretched out a finger. With a light shake, the gray stonegrodent corpse fell out of the spatial ring.

Chapter 2286
Aunt Hanjiu also looked curiously at the rat corpse. She vaguely felt that the rat looked familiar, but she could not remember where she had seen it before.
Luo Zheng did not answer Yu Shenfeng's question directly. Instead, he asked, "Second Senior Brother, do you have any more puppets? The kind that can change its form? "
He was thinking of using a puppet for the Evil Old Man first.
Although the body of a puppet could not be cultivated, the puppet that Yu Shenfeng created was passed down from Gu Bei. Its ability would not be weak.
Yu Shenfeng was stunned by Luo Zheng's question. "Do you want to become a rat or a snake puppet?"
"Turn into a human!" Luo Zheng said angrily.
"Do you want to use it for yourself?" Yu Shenfeng was curious. He had many puppets, but with his Junior Brother's current ability, he was afraid that they would not be of much use.
"A friend of mine, a middle True God. He lost his physical body and is only a spiritual body now," Luo Zheng answered.
"Understood." Yu Shenfeng chuckled.
After a while …
A human-shaped puppet appeared in the middle of the hall.
This puppet was more than ten feet tall and looked very strong. It carried seven or eight swords on its back. From its neck to its arms, there were countless mechanisms and formations.
Luo Zheng scanned it and could feel a few types of Tao energy.
"This puppet is my masterpiece. If used in numbers, it can defeat an upper True God easily. It can even escape from a perfected True God," Yu Shenfeng said proudly.
"This appearance is too exaggerated. Can it be more normal? Like Afo? "Luo Zheng asked.
Afo's body was personally created by Gu Bei. It could almost be passed off as a real one.
Hearing this, Yu Shenfeng looked disdainful. He stretched out his hands and clapped lightly.
This puppet's body started to shrink. Its arms and legs kept retracting. In an instant, it was the height of an ordinary person.
As for the mechanisms and formations that were originally exposed to the outside, they were all cleverly concealed.
"Is that enough?" Yu Shenfeng smiled. "It can even change its appearance on its own!"
As he spoke, the puppet's face began to fluctuate. One moment, it was still a young boy, but soon, wrinkles appeared on its face, and it turned into an old man.
"Evil Old Man, how about this puppet be your body for the time being?" Luo Zheng asked in his mind.
Old Man Extreme Evil stared blankly at the puppet, not uttering a single word.
At their level of cultivation, the physical body was just a bag of skin in their eyes.
Even though puppets were unable to raise their cultivation, the fact that the puppet before him was able to defeat an upper true god and escape from the hands of a Great Perfection deity …
Such power was beyond the Evil Old Man's imagination. Many middle True Gods might not even have such power in their entire lives.
"Good! Of course it's great! "Old Man Evil hurriedly nodded.
Luo Zheng smiled and said to Yu Shenfeng: "Not bad."
Just as Luo Zheng approached the puppet and was about to move the Evil Old Man's soul into it, Yu Shenfeng stepped in front of Luo Zheng.
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
Yu Shenfeng's gaze wandered to Luo Nian, who was not far away. Luo Nian was pondering how to control the little golden snake. After noticing Yu Shenfeng's gaze, he moved the little golden snake into his Sumeru Ring with a "swoosh", his face full of vigilance.
"The value of that little golden snake is definitely much higher than this puppet of mine. I only ask that you let me study that little snake for a while," Yu Shenfeng snickered.
The reason why he agreed to all of his junior brother's requests was because of that snake …
Yu Shenfeng's puppet techniques were almost at their limits now. There was not much of a difference between him and Gu Bei.
However, Yu Shenfeng sensed some unusual techniques from the little golden snake. Even with his eyesight, he could not see through the tricks involved. Naturally, he wanted to study it carefully.
Yu Shenfeng was very clear about Luo Nian's personality.
Once something was in his hands, there was no possibility of returning it. Now, he could only ask for Luo Zheng's help.
Luo Zheng looked at Luo Nian. Before he could say anything, Luo Nian said first, "No!"
"Nian 'er, you have Uncle and Auntie's protection in Immortal Mansion. You have no use for this little snake puppet for now. Lend it to Xian' an for a while, okay?" Ning Yudie, as his mother, was finally going to stand up.
Luo Nian's current personality was also due to Ning Yudie, Granny Yu, and the others spoiling him. He could only rely on Ning Yudie.
Ning Yudie persuaded him for a while before Luo Nian reluctantly threw the little golden snake to Yu Shenfeng.
Yu Shenfeng looked as if he had received a treasure. He patted the puppet beside him and smiled. "Junior brother, this puppet is yours. But who are you helping to get a body for?"
"You know this person," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"I know him?" Yu Shenfeng's gaze hardened. He thought for a while, but could not figure out this person's identity.
Luo Zheng did not say anything else. When he got close to the puppet, he released Old Man Evil's soul from his mind …
"Whoosh!"
Old Man Evil's soul turned into a ray of gray light and entered the puppet.
Soon, the puppet's face began to change slightly. The bridge of its nose kept rising, turning into an aquiline nose. Its originally black hair turned gray, and its eyes drooped down. It looked like a vicious old man.
Yu Shenfeng pointed at the puppet, stunned for a while. Then he said, "You, you … Old Man Evil?"
"Gu, Gu brothers …"
Old Man Evil was in the same situation as Wu Yu. He had been tortured badly by Yu Shenfeng in the dungeon.
Although he knew that Yu Shenfeng would not do anything to him, his expression was still unnatural.
"You were just released by Luo Zheng not long ago, right? How did your body get destroyed? "Yu Shenfeng asked curiously.
"This, this … We have to start from this Stone Forest Rat." Old Man Evil stared at the corpse of the Stone Forest Rat.
"Stone Forest Rat! This is that rat? "
Aunt Hanjiu sat nearby, sizing up the rat's corpse. However, she could not figure out where it came from.
She only reacted when she heard Old Man Evil call out its name.
Yu Shenfeng was also slightly surprised. His gaze wandered over the dead rat's body …
"Aunt Jiu, have you heard of the Stone Forest Rat's origins?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
Aunt Hanjiu nodded. "The only true spirit is so famous. How could I not have heard of it? Back then, the Yue family's Sage Yue, 'Yue Yinliu,' became a Sage because of this Stone Forest Rat. It's said that this rat hides the secret of reincarnation in the entire divine realm."
"Secret of reincarnation?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
In the universe, there was the saying of "reincarnation." Some creatures could reincarnate with the memories of their previous lives.
However, those were just legends. There was no proof.

Chapter 2287
"The Yue Clan?"
Luo Zheng looked puzzled. "I've never heard of the Yue Clan on the floating island."
Luo Zheng had learned a lot about the history of the Clans during his time on the floating island.
The words "Yue Clan" had never appeared in the history of the Clans, so Luo Zheng naturally felt unfamiliar when he heard it now.
"Because the Yue Clan was banned by Dongfang Chunjun." Yu Taibai came in from the door, his eyes fixed on the rat's corpse. "Most of the juniors in the Clans now don't know about the former glory of the Yue Clan, nor do they know about Yue Yinliu."
Aunt Hanjiu nodded. "Taibai is right. At that time, Yue Yinliu was strong enough to challenge Dongfang Chunjun's position. Later, Dongfang Chunjun was forced to start the Universal War against Yue Yinliu and defeated Yue Yinliu's Universal Universe. Yue Yinliu was killed, and the Yue Clan's floating island sank into the Time Sea. Since then, Dongfang Chunjun personally set a rule that the surname Yue cannot enter the Time Sea, so there is no True God with the surname Yue in the Clans. "
Luo Zheng looked surprised and asked, "Dongfang Chunjun is such a domineering person, but he's so afraid of a surname? Isn't this a bit of a fuss? "
No matter which clan it was, a Saint in a trillion years was rare. Could it be that Dongfang Chunjun was afraid of another Saint in the Yue Clan? The probability of this happening was simply too small …
"Maybe it's a bit of a fuss, maybe it's not." Yu Taibai smiled faintly. "Because there are rumors that Yue Yinliu is not dead."
Aunt Hanjiu nodded gently. "I've also heard of this rumor."
"Even the Universal Universe was defeated. Even a Saint can't avoid death, right?" Luo Zheng said with a face full of surprise.
The reason why Saints were immortal was because they relied on the Universal Universe. If even the Universal Universe was defeated, how could they be spared?
"Logically speaking, that should be the case, but Yue Yinliu's situation is a bit different. The spiritual beast beside him is a unique Stone Forest Rat in the Divine Realm. This Stone Forest Rat has died many times and experienced many reincarnations," Yu Taibai said with a smile.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows raised slightly. "You suspect that Yue Yinliu reincarnated like the Stone Forest Rat?"
"Yes!" Taibai nodded.
In fact, they were not from the same generation as Yue Sheng and Yue Yinliu.
However, although Dongfang Chunjun had banned everything about the Yue Clan, it did not affect the other Saints.
Some of the things that happened to the Yue Clan back then had been recorded and passed down.
Just like how Aunt Han Jiu found out about this matter from an ancient book about the "Yue Clan". In that ancient book, there was a drawing of the "Stone Forest Rat", so when Aunt Han Jiu saw the rat corpse, she felt a sense of deja vu.
"This, this rat … actually has so much inside information?" Old Man Extreme Evil was dumbfounded.
Old Man Evil knew the origin of the Stone Forest Rat, but he didn't know that there was such a secret behind it!
"But you said that the Stone Forest Rat has the strength of a Sage. Back in the cave in the Vast Sky Region, the Stone Forest Rat was only equivalent to a middle True God," Luo Zheng asked doubtfully.
Yu Taibai extended his hand and lightly pointed. The rat corpse on the ground naturally floated into his hand.
The surface of the rat's corpse was emitting a faint orange light …
"Back then, the Stone Forest Rat died together with Yue Yinliu. After reincarnating, its strength was still equivalent to a Secondary Sage. After being killed by Dongfang Chunjun, its strength was damaged again and is now almost at the Perfection level. Later on, I heard that this rat reincarnated in a first-tier clan. After falling again and again, it only has the strength of a middle True God now …"
As Yu Taibai spoke, traces of Taoist Connotation spread from his hand. These Taoist Connotations merged with the orange light emitted by the Stone Forest Rat, forming a unique image that was projected into Yu Taibai's mind.
After a short while, Yu Taibai's eyes flashed slightly. He turned to face the main entrance of the hall. "Directly south, inside the Evil Ghost Realm …"
"Evil Ghost Realm?" Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then said, "It's said that the Abyss Demon Realm is connected to the Evil Ghost Realm."
Yu Taibai nodded and said in confusion, "The reincarnated Stone Forest Rat is located at the border between the Evil Ghost Realm and the Abyss Demon Realm. It's a very strange place. Why would it reincarnate there?"
Among the many forbidden areas in the God Realm, the Abyss Demon Realm and the Sea of Time were the most mysterious.
However, because the Sea of Time was located in the center of the Sea of Time, most of the God citizens didn't know that there was such a forbidden area in the God Realm.
However, the Abyss Demon Realm was different.
The Abyss Demon Realm gathered the resentment of almost all the creatures in the God Realm. The legends about the Abyss Demon Realm were even more numerous.
Over the years, the Abyss Demon Realm had expanded very quickly. It had already swallowed up three major realms and was still expanding rapidly.
Yu Taibai returned the Stone Forest Rat to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng followed Yu Taibai's method and stimulated a trace of Taoist Connotation to merge with the orange light. Sure enough, an illusory image appeared in his mind.
Through this image, Luo Zheng's consciousness seemed to have traversed more than half of the God Realm and entered the Evil Ghost Realm …
In the depths of a desolate plain, there was a huge crack.
This crack extended endlessly into the Abyss Demon Realm. The entire Abyss Demon Realm was an abyss that spanned across several major realms.
Pale green smoke slowly rose from the depths of the Abyss, blocking the line of sight of everyone in the Abyssal Demonic Domain. The other gods were outside the forbidden area, unable to see what was going on inside the Abyss. It was also because of this that the Abyssal Demonic Domain became even more mysterious and terrifying …
Not long after, Luo Zheng opened his eyes and said, "I want to make a trip to the Evil Ghost Realm."
"Won't it be too dangerous to go out now?"
Ning Yudie had been sitting quietly beside Luo Zheng. Suddenly hearing that Luo Zheng wanted to leave again, she immediately felt uneasy.
She didn't know much about the God Realm. She only knew that her husband had made many enemies in the God Realm. The last time he left, there had been no news of him for ten years. She was afraid that one day Luo Zheng would really leave and never return.
Aunt Hanjiu also said with some worry, "Right now, those rich and powerful families can't enter the Soul Wilderness, can't enter Buzhou Spirit Mountain, and can't come to Takiguan Forest. Most of them will enter the Abyss Demon Realm …"
"I think Luo Zheng can make a trip," Yu Taibai said with a faint smile, "With Luo Zheng's current strength, protecting himself shouldn't be a problem. Moreover, although the Abyss Demon Realm is connected to the Evil Ghost Realm, its entrance is located in the Red Lotus Realm. The distance is very far."
Normally, a forbidden area only had one entrance.
It was impossible to enter the Abyss Demon Realm from the Evil Ghost Realm. The teleportation array on the Noble Gate Floating Island was also connected to the entrance of the Red Lotus Realm.
Moreover, Luo Zheng had the "Gen" token in his hands. Even if the other party found him, he could use the "Gen" token to return to the Immortal Mansion.
Hearing that Yu Taibai approved of Luo Zheng going to the Evil Ghost Realm, Ning Yudie could only lower her head and twist the corner of her clothes. Her eyes were filled with loneliness.
The current her was no longer the awe-inspiring Cloud Hall Hall Master. She had fallen far behind Luo Zheng. She couldn't even look at Luo Zheng's back.

Chapter 2288
North of the Divine Region......
After going around the Blue Origin Mountain and crossing the northern border was the Beichen Region.
The Beichen Region had once been an extremely fertile region. Many experts had come from it, and it could be considered a place of outstanding talents.
However, in the last few Divine Epochs, the Beichen Region had become a land of death.
The deathly aura emanating from the Creation Tree had killed all living things in the Beichen Region. The once prosperous Divine Region had fallen into disrepair and was slowly collapsing.
Elder Hu's figure silently descended from the deathly aura.
The deathly aura was like a pack of hyenas that had discovered food. It gathered toward him from all directions.
"Hmph!"
Elder Hu's body trembled slightly. A formless power spread out from his body, and the deathly aura that had gathered around him dissipated......
He then gazed into the distance. In the distance, the 330,000 kilometer tall Creation Tree was faintly discernible.
After locking onto the Creation Tree's position, Elder Hu once again used greater teleportation to teleport toward it.
Not long after......
Elder Hu appeared on the thickest branch in the center of the Creation Tree.
On this branch, there were countless strands of dark red spider silk. These strands of spider silk were entwined around four huge crimson spheres.
Within the spheres, one could vaguely make out the shape of a person.
"Hu Yan, did something big happen in the Divine Region recently?" A cold voice came from one of the spheres.
Hu Yan cupped his hands toward the four spheres and replied, "There's indeed trouble this time."
"Trouble? That Yuan guy has been cursed. He can't come out of the Creation Tree. That woman called Luo Shui is pretty much done as well. All she has left is her head. What trouble in the Divine Region can't you deal with? "An imposing voice floated out from another sphere.
"That's right. You're the only Nirvana Realm cultivator left in such a huge Divine Territory. The entire Divine Territory is managed by you alone. Even so, you still caused trouble for us. What a piece of trash!" Mocking words floated out from another sphere.
These scarlet spheres were the Origin Seal that Elder Yuan had used all those years ago.
The entire Origin Seal relied on the Creation Tree. It used the tree's life force to constantly maintain the seal.
That was why the Chaos Origin Seal was so difficult to break, and it had sealed these Xuan Yuan Guards until now.
The three people who spoke were called Pu Zhe, Hou Bo, and Cha Yao. These three were all two star Xuan Yuan Guards. In terms of strength, they were a level higher than Huyan.
Back then, because Hu-yan was slightly weaker, the Chaos Origin Seal he received was also slightly weaker. That was why he had a chance to break the seal.
As for these three Xuan Yuan Guards, they had been bound for so many divine epochs, so they were naturally in an extremely miserable state.
Therefore, every time they met Elder Hu, they would feel dissatisfied and would inevitably mock him. They wished that they could switch places with him.
Huyan ignored the three of them and turned to the largest red sphere and said, "Big brother."
"Speak. What happened in the Divine Territory?" A steady voice drifted out from the largest sphere.
The Xuan Yuan Guard sealed in this sphere was called Pang Miao. He was the leader of this group of Xuan Yuan Guards and the only Xuan Yuan Guard with three stars.
"Outsiders have arrived," said Huyan with a cautious expression.
"Outsiders?" Pang Miao's steady voice had a trace of surprise.
As for Pu Zhe, Hou Bo, and Cha Yao, they were even less calm.
"Outlanders? What is their cultivation? "
"What is their background?"
"How many people are there in total? Have you personally investigated?"
If other dangers occurred in the Divine Territory, it wouldn't be a big problem.
In the face of absolute strength, they could suppress any danger. However, if an expert from the outside world interfered, it would be troublesome.
"All of you shut up!" Pang Miao scolded.
The three Xuan Yuan Guards instantly fell silent. The surroundings were as silent as ghosts.
Pang Miao then said, "Huyan, continue."
"There are more than ten of them, and one of them is a five star Chi You Guard," said Huyan flatly.
Hearing this, the Paramita Realm experts in the four spheres didn't say anything for a long time.
After a long while, Pang Miao's voice was heard again. "How could this be?"
Huyan furrowed his brows, looking distressed. "According to Big Brother's plan, the simplest way was to let the Divine Realm collapse. The Chaos Origin Seal would have broken by itself, and it would have been done once and for all. But in the end, Luo Shui's son stopped it. That kid disappeared for ten years, and for some reason, he brought back a group of Nirvana Realm experts from the outer realm!"
"The Outer Realms. The Chaotic World is so big. How could it be so coincidental to meet other Paramita Realm experts? There's even a Chi You Guard. How unlucky," muttered Pu Zhe.
"Indeed, it's too coincidental." Huyan shook his head. "And these people are trying to open a space tunnel."
Pang Miao laughed bitterly. "We did this before. It looks like they'll be able to enter the Divine Territory in a few years."
"Then what do we do now?" Hou Bo couldn't help but ask.
As Paramita Realm experts, the four of them were not weak. However, a five star Chi You Guard was not to be underestimated even in the Divine Territory.
The Divine Territory belonged to Chi You. When they came in, the fate of the Xuan Yuan Guards was obvious.
"I've already told them to start preparing the second plan," Huyan replied flatly.
The first plan was to let the Divine Territory collapse. The Origin Seal would not be able to rely on the Jianmu Wood to continuously inject energy into it and would naturally collapse.
The second plan was to find a way to control the Abyss Demonic Territory and use its power to forcefully tear open the Origin Seal.
This plan was more difficult. After all, a forbidden land like the Abyss Demonic Territory was not so easy to control.
"Control the Abyss Demonic Territory... Are the Saints confident?" asked Pang Miao.
Elder Hu thought for a moment and replied, "Now that Dongfang Chunjun is almost in control of the Sea of Time, so many Saints have come out. The possibility is very high this time."
Pu Zhe sighed faintly. "Even if the seal is really broken, I'm afraid it's useless. We're still no match for a five star Chi You Guard..."
When he said this, the five of them, including Pang Miao, fell silent.
Indeed, even if the Chaotic Origin Seal was undone now, these five Xuanyuan Guards seemed to be unable to do anything besides flee.
Even the strongest Pang Miao was only a three star Xuan Yuan Guard. The difference in power was too great.
After a long while, Pang Miao said flatly, "There's still a chance."
"What chance?" Elder Hu asked curiously.
"Use my Xuanyuan Gouyu to ask for help from the Primal Chaos and summon the nearest Xuan Yuan Guard," said Pang Miao.
Elder Hu's expression turned strange when he heard Pang Miao's suggestion.
The Xuanyuan Gouyu was a token that all Xuan Yuan Guards needed. Through it, the Xuan Yuan Guards could summon each other.
However, that was usually in the mother world!
Using the Xuanyuan Gouyu to summon other Xuan Yuan Guards in the boundless Primal Chaos?

Chapter 2289
"Big brother, we've almost reached the bottom of the divine realm. Even in the entire chaos, it's an extremely desolate place." Pu Zhe chuckled. "There's no point in using Xuanyuan Magatama!"
Pang Miao ignored Pu Zhe and calmly said to Huyan, "Don't let go of any opportunity. Do as I say."
Huyan was the weakest of the five Xuanyuan Guards. The others more or less ostracized him, but Pang Miao had always taken care of him.
Since Pang Miao said so, Huyan nodded and said, "I'll do as you say …"
…
…
When Huyan was heading to Northstar Woodland, there were changes in the sea of time.
In these ten years, most of the True Gods of the Wealthy Alliance had been exploring the Abyss Demon Domain and had a better understanding of it.
These ten years were also the years where the True Gods had died the most …
Even if the Wealthy Alliance had countless geniuses and elites, they would be torn apart if they weren't careful in the Abyss Demon Domain.
Many of the True Gods at the bottom complained about this.
Originally, the Wealthy Alliance could go to Buzhou Spirit Mountain and Takiguan Forest. Although these two forbidden areas were extremely dangerous, they were familiar with the outer regions. Not only could they ensure their safety, they could also continuously earn Shenwu coins …
Ten years ago, Yu Taibai suddenly stopped the Wealthy Alliance from going to Buzhou Spirit Mountain.
A few years ago, Takiguan Forest was sealed off again.
And Takiguan Forest was sealed off even more mysteriously. They didn't even know who controlled Takiguan Forest!
In the end, they could only go to the Abyss Demon Domain. The risks there were many times higher …
Although there were risks, as long as they were careful and didn't enter the second level of the Abyss Demon Domain, they could still gain quite a bit. After all, that was the biggest forbidden area.
And now, they heard that even the Abyss Demon Domain was sealed off!
"All the teleportation channels to the Abyss Demon Domain are sealed?"
"Even the Abyss Demon Domain is sealed off? Is someone controlling the Abyss Demon Domain? "
"My god, it's impossible to control the Abyss Demon Domain. Those demons at the bottom can even swallow saints …"
In front of the teleportation formations of the wealthy families on the floating islands, there were many True Gods gathered together and discussing with one another.
Even the guards guarding the teleportation array felt that it was a little unreasonable.
However, this was an order personally given by the various Sages, so the subordinates could only follow the rules.
Inside the Divine Luan Hall …
All the Saints of the Wealthy Alliance had gathered.
Apart from the Saints, there were also many Perfect True Gods.
Ever since Dongfang Chunjun saw those powerhouses outside the Realm of the Gods in the Ultimate Universe, he felt an unprecedented sense of crisis!
The reason Dongfang Chunjun was able to reach this stage was partly because of his talent and hard work, and partly because of Elder Hu's support. The only thing he could do now was to think of a way to take control of the Abyss Demonic Domain and undo the Primordial Chaos Seal on the remaining Xuanyuan Guards. Then, he could use the Governing Stone Tablet and other geographical advantages to have a fighting chance …
"I'm sure all of you already know why I've gathered everyone here," Dongfang Chunjun said indifferently. "Of the four forbidden areas, three of them are not under our control. The last forbidden area will definitely not fall into the hands of Yu Taibai and the others! I hope … that one of you Paragons will be able to become the controller of the Abyssal Infernal Realm. "
As soon as Dongfang Chunjun said that, the eyes of many Great Perfection deities lit up.
Starting from upper True God, wanting to take another step forward in cultivation was as difficult as crossing a heavenly chasm.
Becoming a Secondary Saint or a Saint was an opportunity that could only be encountered by chance.
If they could obtain the chance to control the Abyssal Infernal Realm, their strength would probably be able to jump up and be on par with a Saint!
Which Great Perfection deity would miss such an opportunity?
Dongfang Chunjun's gaze fell on "Sky Sword" and Dongfang Taiqing when he said that.
If not for "Sky Sword," Dongfang Chunjun would have thought of Dongfang Taiqing as the best candidate. However, Sky Sword's performance in the past few years was simply too amazing, causing Dongfang Chunjun to waver slightly.
"However, everyone should have been to the Abyssal Infernal Realm before. I'm sure all of you know how difficult it is to enter this forbidden area. We will depart in half a month. You can prepare during this time," Dongfang Chunjun said.
As soon as he finished speaking, a faint voice came from outside the floating island.
"Great Sage Chunjun, if you have something important to discuss, why not invite me, Emperor Hanqing? Haha … "Emperor Hanqing did not dare to step onto the Dongfang family's floating island. He could only float outside the island and send his voice in.
Hearing Emperor Hanqing's voice, Mu Haiji, Leng Yao, and the other Saints frowned slightly.
Especially Tang Lun, who snorted. "This guy wants to join in the fun again. Not inviting him is already showing his attitude! He actually came here personally! "
Although Tang Lun said that, Dongfang Chunjun had no reason to keep Emperor Hanqing outside since a Saint had spoken. He said politely, "We were in a hurry and indeed forgot about Brother Emperor Hanqing. Brother Emperor Hanqing, please come to my Shen Luan Palace!"
As soon as Dongfang Chunjun finished speaking, Emperor Hanqing walked out of the space tunnel with a ripple of space.
Behind him were Han Tianxiao and the other Great Perfection deities of the Han family.
"Hm? Brother Emperor Hanqing, it's only been a little over ten years, and your two daughters and one son have already become Great Perfection deities? " Leng Yao's face was filled with surprise as he stared at the two women behind Smiling in Heaven, his face faintly showing some disbelief.
Even Dongfang Chunjun and the other Saints looked a bit shocked.
The two women were Han Liusu and Han Chuyue. The son was Han Cangyan.
The three of them followed behind Han Tianxiao. Their faces were stiff and cold, and their eyes were empty.
Ten years ago, Han Cangyan, Han Liusu, and Han Chuyue were ranked first and second, respectively, in the Arena of the Gods among their peers.
Even among the rich and powerful, they were the most talented.
However, it was not easy to become a Great Perfection deity from a True God.
Luo Zheng had used ten years to become a Great Perfection deity, and that had already attracted the attention of the other Great Perfection deities. Now, Han Jia had three Great Perfection deities?
Since when was it so easy to cultivate a Great Perfection deity?
Emperor Hanqing said, "My two daughters and one son have done well. As a father, I am naturally very happy. Now that the Saints are going to conquer the Abyss Demon Region, I, Emperor Hanqing, am shameless enough to ask for this chance. I wonder if Great Saint Chunjun is willing to give me this chance?"
Before Dongfang Chunjun could say anything, Leng Yao shook his head lazily. "You, Han Jia? Not enough for us to trust you! "
Back then, Emperor Hanqing had planned to marry into the Leng family and join the Wealthy Alliance by sucking up to the Leng family.
However, because of Luo Zheng's appearance, Leng Linyue of the Leng family and Han Liusu had a huge conflict, and the marriage was canceled.

Chapter 2290
This time, Dongfang Chunjun was determined to take down the Abyss Demon Zone. Gathering so many Saints and Perfect Sovereigns was already a very cautious move.
They really didn't need Han Jia, whose attitude was wavering.
Emperor Han Qing didn't say anything. Han Liusu floated to the front of the stage and stared at Leng Yao. "Saint King Uncle Leng, it was my fault for breaking the engagement last time. But to be honest, Leng Linyue's talent is too poor. He's not a good match for me!"
After that, she quickly retreated in the air and flew towards the Perfect Sovereigns below. She then leaned on the shoulder of a Perfect True God and smiled at Leng Yao. "Saint King Uncle, don't you think we're a good match?"
That Perfect True God was called Leng Feiyang. He was Leng Yao's most outstanding son.
Leng Feiyang was stunned when Han Liusu suddenly leaned on his shoulder.
In the Noble Floating Islands, it was extremely rare for female Perfect True Gods to become Perfect True Gods. Back then, there was Aunt Han Jiu and Shi Xiaoxiao, who attracted countless pursuers.
Later, there was Mu Xuerong.
But Mu Xuerong was very arrogant. She didn't care about being a Dao Companion.
Han Liusu, on the other hand, was enough to make people fall in love at first sight.
Her curly hair gave off a faint fragrance that made Leng Feiyang's heart beat faster …
Leng Yao was also surprised by Han Liusu's actions. He smiled faintly. "Back then, I said that the Leng and Han families would need a marriage as a guarantee. If it was before, I would have agreed. But now, there's only half a month before we go to the Abyss Demon Zone. I'm afraid there's no time."
Emperor Han Qing and Leng Yao had agreed on the marriage between Han Liusu and Leng Linyue. Once they became Dao Companions, the two families would also form an alliance.
According to the rules of the Noble Alliance, Han Jia would automatically join the alliance.
Previously, the Liu Family and the Xie Family had also used this method to enter into an alliance with a powerful family in the Wealthy Alliance.
"Since there's no time, we can settle this matter. This marriage can be held after we return from the Abyss Demon Zone. Brother Leng Yao, what do you think?" Emperor Han Qing said calmly.
Hearing what Emperor Han Qing said, many of the Perfect Real Gods looked at him with disdain.
How much did this guy want to enter the Abyss Devil Domain? For this reason, he did not hesitate to hand over his own daughter. It was simply too despicable.
Leng Yao smiled faintly. "As long as Brother Qing Di keeps his promise, I don't mind. But as for joining the League of Wealthy Clans, it depends on Brother Chun Jun's approval …"
At the end of the day, the leader of this alliance was still Dongfang Chunjun. Whether or not Han Jia was allowed to join still depended on Dongfang Chunjun.
Dongfang Chunjun glanced at Emperor Hanqing.
Back when Han Jia entered the Sea of Time, it had skyrocketed.
At that time, Dongfang Chunjun even tried to rope in Emperor Han Qing and welcomed Han Jia joining the League of Wealthy Clans.
But at that time, Emperor Hanqing had rejected him without hesitation. This person was not the type to submit to others.
Although Dongfang Chunjun didn't openly offend Han Jia, he had always been suppressing them.
But in the past few decades, Han Qing King's attitude had taken a 180 degree turn. That made Dongfang Chunjun suspicious and wary. Therefore, Dongfang Chunjun wasn't sure whether or not Han Jia should join the alliance.
"This journey will be difficult. If Han Jia can contribute to the League of Wealthy Clans, that's not bad," Dongfang Chunjun smiled faintly.
Emperor Hanqing smiled and cupped his hands at Dongfang Chunjun. "Thank you, Great Sage Chunjun, for thinking so highly of me. I, Han Jia, will do my best!"
Hearing what Emperor Hanqing said, some of the Perfect True Gods looked down on him even more …
Although there were strong and weak in the League of Wealthy Clans, they were all equal. Even if the leader of the League of Wealthy Clans was Dongfang Chunjun, he wasn't any higher than the other Sages.
Emperor Hanqing's use of "doing my best" to express his attitude was extremely flattering!
"Wait, Brother Qing Di." Tang Lun suddenly chimed in. "Your eldest daughter's marriage has been settled. I think your youngest daughter has reached the age to talk about marriage. Why don't you consider my son?"
The son Tang Lun was talking about was Tang Wan.
Not long ago, Tang Wan took a punch from Luo Zheng. Although most of the power went into the ground, she was still injured quite badly.
After this period of recuperation, she was finally able to recover …
Tang Wan suddenly heard her father say this. Her eyes widened and she looked at Han Jia's youngest daughter, Han Chuyue.
If the Han Chuyue from ten years ago was a shy flower bud waiting to bloom, now she had completely grown up. Compared to Han Liusu's naturally charming temperament, Han Chuyue exuded an innocent and unaffected temperament.
Tang Lun's sudden request made Emperor Hanqing's eyes flash. He smiled and said, "That will depend on my daughter."
Who knew that just as Emperor Hanqing finished speaking, Han Chuyue said coldly, "I am willing."
When she spoke, she didn't even look at Tang Wan. It was as if the marriage she agreed to had nothing to do with her.
This attitude made Tang Lun very suspicious. He didn't know how to respond.
Emperor Hanqing said, "Brother Tang Lun, if this isn't urgent, why don't we discuss it after we return from the Abyss Demon Region?"
"That's great." Tang Lun chuckled. With this promise now, it was naturally best to finalize it after some observation in the future …
…
…
After leaving the Divine Luan Palace, Hua Tianming returned to his own residence.
It was a white jade palace. For most true gods, having a residence like this on the floating island was like a dream.
He pushed open the door. As soon as he entered, he heard a gust of wind behind him. A woman in a plain palace robe threw herself at him and hugged him tightly …
"Yingqing, what's wrong?" Hua Tianming gently stroked the arm wrapped around his abdomen.
"Can you bring me along?" Dongfang Yingqing asked gently.
Hearing that soft voice, Hua Tianming's heart skipped a beat. However, a trace of decisiveness appeared in his eyes. "Yingqing, I've set rules for you."
Dongfang Yingqing wasn't to ask about anything related to him.
In fact, Dongfang Yingqing had followed the rules very well. After the two of them entered the floating island, Dongfang Yingqing would obediently wait on the floating island …
Dongfang Yingqing didn't even know where Hua Tianming had gone and what he had done.
Dongfang Yingqing was silent for a while. Sorrow faintly appeared on her plain face.
"Be good, Yingqing." Hua Tianming loosened her arms and turned around with a faint smile.
Dongfang Yingqing stared at his face and shook her head. "But you promised that you would always take me with you. I'm afraid you won't come back this time!"
"How could that be?" Hua Tianming smiled and scratched Dongfang Yingqing's nose.
Dongfang Yingqing didn't have the slightest hint of a smile on her face. She was very confident in the premonition in her heart, so she said softly, "Even if I know that you will harm my Dongfang Family … I don't care, but you can't abandon me!"

Chapter 2291
All these years, Dongfang Yingqing had listened to Hua Tianming's every word.
But she wasn't blind.
From the moment she stepped onto the floating island to the moment she became famous, Dongfang Yingqing had always felt that her husband had come prepared.
She didn't know Hua Tianming's true position, but that didn't mean she couldn't guess it.
"Dongfang is just my surname … My position is only with you," Dongfang Yingqing said firmly.
Hua Tianming stared at his wife, pain faintly showing in his eyes.
His will had always been firm, and he had never doubted his own beliefs.
But now, Hua Tianming was starting to doubt his own motives.
Standing in front of him was his wife, who had helped him through thick and thin, while he had to sell his life for a Sage he had never seen before.
The line between right and wrong slowly became blurred in Hua Tianming's mind. Perhaps staying in the Dongfang family and working for Dongfang Chunjun was a better choice …
Hua Tianming shook his head abruptly and threw the unrealistic thought out of his mind.
"Only Sages, quasi-sages, and perfection-stage Sages are allowed to enter the Abyss Devil Realm," Hua Tianming said softly.
Now that the teleportation gate to the Abyss Devil Realm had been sealed, no True Gods were allowed to enter.
"If you ask the Great Sage, he'll make an exception," Dongfang Yingqing said.
Hua Tianming still shook his head. "The Abyss Devil Realm is too dangerous. I can't protect you!"
"But …" Dongfang Yingqing still wanted to fight.
Hua Tianming suddenly pulled her into his arms and said in a low voice, "Don't say anymore. I'll definitely come back!"
In Hua Tianming's eyes, the situation hadn't progressed to that stage yet.
After all, the Dao Disciples hadn't gathered yet, and Yu Taibai hadn't personally made a move.
Right now, he just needed to do things step by step. If there was a chance, it would be best if he could control the Abyss Devil Realm. Perhaps he could use it to escape his fate of certain death!
…
…
In the outermost area of Takeshi Xuan Forest …
A black python that was hundreds of meters long moved quickly.
This python coiled around a thick tree trunk, opened its bloody mouth, and pounced toward Luo Zheng on the ground.
Luo Zheng stood where he was and didn't intend to make a move.
Seeing the black python getting closer and closer to Luo Zheng, a thunderous sound suddenly came from not far away.
"Crackle!"
A two-meter-tall puppet rushed over.
The puppet's hands were inlaid with two extraordinary long swords. Arcs of electricity were constantly flowing from the puppet's arms to the swords.
"Pu pu!"
The black python was pierced by the two long swords and immediately emitted a charred smell.
The puppet rolled with the help of the two swords, and the swords cut a circle around the black python's body.
Boom!
Just like that, the snake's body, which was more than ten feet wide, was severed.
The snake's head and broken body rolled crazily, creating deep trenches in the ground.
"Crack, crack!"
The puppet sheathed the two long swords on its back and retracted its arms. Its height rapidly decreased and soon turned into a ferocious-looking old man.
This puppet was none other than Old Man Extreme Evil.
"How do you feel?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"Hehe." Old Man Extreme Evil's laughter contained a hint of pride.
Naturally, he felt extremely good now.
After using this puppet for a while, he felt that it was becoming more and more mysterious.
Old Man Extreme Evil was just an ambitious and ruthless person in the Vast Sky Region. A puppet forged by Imperial God Blade was not to be underestimated even among the rich and powerful. Old Man Extreme Evil even felt that it would be difficult for him to dig out all the potential of this puppet with his own abilities.
"The Azure Demon Region is just up ahead. Are you sure you don't want to make a trip to the Evil Ghost Region with me?" Luo Zheng asked.
Old Man Extreme Evil thought for a while and shook his head firmly.
Previously, when he accidentally obtained the unhatched Stone Forest Rat, he was a little interested in the legend of the Stone Forest Rat. Now that he knew the origin of the Stone Forest Rat, he completely dispelled this idea.
These things were definitely not something that Old Man Extreme Evil had the right to touch. Even if Luo Zheng was kind enough to share some of the harvest with him, Old Man Extreme Evil probably wouldn't be able to enjoy it.
"I'm not going to the Evil Ghost Region. Didn't you say that the big-mouthed monster is in the Azure Demon Region? Hehe, I'll go meet him! "Old Man Extreme Evil laughed.
Old Man Extreme Evil and the big-mouthed monster were fellow sufferers in the dungeon and had a pretty good relationship.
Now that Old Man Extreme Evil thought that his strength was far greater than that of the big-mouthed Wu Yu, this puppet body was enough to show off in front of that guy, so he had this plan …
Most importantly, the Azure Demon Region was so close to the Takeshi Swirl Forest. If something big really happened in the divine realm, he might be able to escape back to the Takeshi Swirl Forest and use it as a shelter. This was Old Man Extreme Evil's plan.
After leaving the Takeshi Swirl Forest, Luo Zheng bid farewell to Old Man Extreme Evil. With a thought, he used greater teleportation to head south …
Before leaving Immortal Abode, Luo Zheng spent a lot of time comforting Ning Yudie. Only then did her complexion improve a little.
After dealing with Ning Yudie, Luo Zheng was more troubled by Xi Youqin.
She didn't allow any explanation and insisted on going to the Evil Ghost Region with Luo Zheng.
Although Xi Youqin wasn't weak now, as a Dao disciple, her status was too important. It was better for her to stay in Immortal Abode and cultivate with Aunt Hanjiu.
After much persuasion, the hysterical Xi Youqin was finally able to stay in Immortal Abode.
Although Xun and Su Lingyun didn't say much, Luo Zheng knew that they were disappointed. However, he didn't have the right to indulge in tenderness right now. He only hoped that they could understand.
Yu Taibai and Jing Wuhuan had left Immortal Abode before Luo Zheng.
The Dao disciples who'd sneaked into the divine realm were scattered all over the place.
Yu Taibai's goal was to find the Dao disciples in the vast divine realm …
As for Jing Wuhuan, he represented the Gu Clan and went to Xunmu to meet with the Xuanyue Clan.
The Sword Clan had already formed an alliance with Yu Taibai. Although they hadn't completely fallen out with the Wealthy Alliance, they had already made their stance clear.
Now, it was up to the Xuanyue Clan to express their stance.
…
…
After several teleportations, Luo Zheng quickly passed through the Azure Demon Region.
Next to the Azure Demon Region was the Fenglin Region …
When he entered the Fenglin Region, he saw a lush scene.
The entire world was full of vitality. The lush vegetation here exceeded Luo Zheng's imagination.
"What a strong life force …"
"I see. There are two Dao steles in the center of the Fenglin Region. They are the Dao steles of the Life Divine Dao and the Greenwood Divine Dao."
"The Dao of these two Dao steles doesn't cover a large area, but it's enough to affect the environment of the entire region …"
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng teleported toward the two Dao steles.
It wasn't easy to gather all the Dao steles of the 3,000 Divine Daos. As he headed south, there were many Dao steles scattered across the large regions.

Chapter 2292
In the Realm of the Gods, Dao tablets had always been treated as a cultivation resource.
Thus, apart from a very small number of Dao tablets in special locations, almost all of the 3,000 Dao tablets were controlled by various factions.
The Profound Thunder Divine Dao tablet was controlled by the Fang Family. As one of the Realm of the Gods, outsiders naturally did not dare to have any objections.
However, some of the Dao tablets were controlled by first-tier and second-tier clans.
The other clans were envious of the benefits brought by the Dao tablets. Naturally, there would be disputes and even war.
Several hours later …
The endless forest in front of Luo Zheng suddenly disappeared, replaced by an extremely mystical grassland.
The lush green grass sprouted and grew at an inconceivable speed. Then, it quickly withered and turned yellow, turning into withered grass. From this withered grass, green grass sprouted and grew again.
From high up in the sky, one could clearly see that this grassland was constantly changing from green to yellow, from yellow to green …
"Ordinary grasslands wither with each passing year. However, the grasslands here wither in the span of a breath." Luo Zheng gazed at this grassland.
This scene might seem mystical, but after careful consideration, one could understand.
Due to the dao stele of the Life Divine Dao, this place was filled with powerful life force. Under the stimulation of the life force, the grass grew rapidly. It was also because of this that they reached the end of their lives in advance and withered rapidly.
Not long after following this grassland, an enormous green stone tablet appeared in the distance.
Even from such a distance, that powerful life force could affect Luo Zheng …
And on the other side of this stone tablet, there was another enormous stone tablet. This was the Dao tablet of the Azure Wood Divine Dao. And on the other side of the Azure Wood Divine Dao, there was a row of neatly arranged trees, dense and dense.
The distance between the two Dao tablets was less than three hundred meters.
This scene did not surprise Luo Zheng. The Immeasurable Ruler had created an image in his mind that he could not forget. In this image, the two Dao tablets were originally right next to each other.
According to Luo Zheng's previous plan, if there were people guarding these two Dao tablets, he would also throw out some Shenwu coins.
After fusing the two Divine Daos, he would quickly leave.
But when Luo Zheng flew in front of the Dao tablets, a trace of surprise appeared on his face.
Around these two Dao steles, there wasn't a single True God …
Previously, there were quite a number of Real Gods in the surroundings of the Mystic Thunder Divine Path. Moreover, the Fang Family had specially sent people to guard it.
There were many cultivators of the Life Divine Dao and the Green Wood Divine Dao in the Realm of the Gods. It was impossible for no one to come because of their reputation. This was not logical.
However, just as Luo Zheng approached, a voice suddenly sounded.
"Outsiders, you are not allowed to approach the Dao Stele. If you don't want to die, hurry up and leave!"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
The voice came from the ground, but there was no True God hiding there.
Given the strength of Luo Zheng's soul, even a Paragon would not be able to hide. The source of this warning was somewhat strange.
Luo Zheng did not listen to the warning of the voice. Instead, he continued to approach the Dao tablet.
"If you take another step forward, you'll definitely die!"
The warning voice rang out again.
This time, Luo Zheng's gaze was fixed on the green grass below. His eyes flashed slightly. "So it's Plant Sound Transmission …"
The true speaker was not hiding here. He was just using the Green Wood Divine Dao's Plant Sound Transmission to borrow the surrounding sounds to make a sound. It was just a small trick.
"I'm just borrowing the Dao to observe the Dao Stele. I mean no harm," Luo Zheng replied with cupped hands.
Then, he calmly approached the Dao Stele.
Unexpectedly, just as he took a few steps forward, there was a sudden fluctuation from the ground.
"Rumble …"
Long thorns broke out of the ground and pierced toward Luo Zheng.
The thorns on these long thorns faintly flickered with a pale green light. Obviously, they contained a strong poison.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed lightly, easily avoiding these long thorns.
Although he was not afraid of these long thorns or the strong poison on them, Luo Zheng was still rather angry that someone had attacked him without saying anything.
"I said, I just want to observe the Dao Stele. If Your Excellency wants to attack again, don't blame me for being impolite …"
However, before Luo Zheng's voice died away, the long thorns continued to break out of the ground and came straight for him.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed fiercely. He twisted his body and displayed the Thousand Pound Drop.
He suddenly fell from the sky!
"Crack!"
When the long thorns suddenly came into contact with Luo Zheng, they broke one after another, unable to cause any harm to Luo Zheng.
"Boom!"
The moment Luo Zheng fell to the ground, a huge force poured into the ground.
The soil here was loose and soft. The moment the force poured in, it immediately pressed down a large pit hundreds of feet wide. The surrounding ground seemed to ripple and fluctuate in all directions.
Then, the surroundings fell into silence.
Luo Zheng glanced indifferently at the Dao Stele and walked forward again. But at this moment, a sky full of green arrows suddenly flew from the distant forest.
"Swish swish swish …"
"You're courting death!"
Luo Zheng was finally a little angry.
His figure suddenly flashed and moved to the front of the forest. At the same time, he suddenly pulled out his long sword and slashed out a sword light that was thousands of feet wide.
"Rumble …"
This sword light flew out, and tens of thousands of towering trees were cut in half by Luo Zheng.
This sword light swept across dozens of miles, and countless towering trees collapsed. It was a mess …
And among these collapsed trees, there were constantly figures flashing by, and from time to time, there were screams.
Although these people's movements were extremely fast, and they used the Green Wood Divine Dao's "Hidden Wood" to merge themselves with the trees, how could they escape from Luo Zheng's divine sense?
Luo Zheng's divine sense swept over and was slightly surprised. There were thousands of True Gods hidden in this forest. This should be a large group.
Luo Zheng didn't want to kill too much and incur some sins for no reason. He just wanted to teach these guys a little lesson.
But just as he turned and was about to approach the Dao Stele, he heard a voice in the forest. "The experts invited by the Mo Clan are too strong! Let's fight! Form the Green Wood Formation to suppress him! "
As soon as the voice fell, bits of green light shot up into the sky. The True Gods hiding in the forest released their Taoist Connotation. These Taoist Connotations connected with each other to form a mysterious formation.
"Swish …"
The forest, under the connection of the Taoist Connotation, blended into a whole and turned into a giant beast.
In the face of such a turbulent Taoist Connotation, Luo Zheng's face finally showed a trace of caution. It seemed that the other party had mistaken him for a helper invited by the Mo Clan.

Chapter 2293
In the middle of this forest, nine upper-level True Gods stood in the air.
Waves of deep and shallow Dao Accumulations gathered from all directions and connected tightly with these nine upper-level True Gods.
Their clan had been residing in the Fenglin Region for generations.
In ancient times, they were once a big clan, and two Secondary Sages were born in the clan.
It was a pity that these two Secondary Sages died in Saint Mountain when they were fighting for the right to be conferred as a Sage, causing their clan to be unable to recover from the setback.
Since then, their clan had been in decline until now …
In the last Divine Epoch, their clan's only Paragon died, and they were even more on the wane.
After losing the protection of a Paragon True God, they would even lose these two Dao tablets that they relied on for survival.
Another second-tier clan in Fenglin Region, the Mo Clan, coveted the control of these two Dao tablets and attacked repeatedly.
However, although their clan had declined, the Green Wood Formation left behind by the two former Secondary Sages was also extremely powerful. With thousands of people joining forces, it was enough to fight against a Paragon True God!
This time, when they heard that the Mo Clan had gone to Soft Light Region to invite an expert to help, their clan was on high alert and hid here in advance.
Luo Zheng had unintentionally barged into this place, and they naturally mistook him as an "expert" invited by the Mo Clan.
However, just as the nine upper-level True Gods set up the formation, a wave of space fluctuation suddenly appeared in front of them.
The expression of the leader of the nine True Gods changed. "Not good!"
Just as the old man's voice fell, Luo Zheng's figure had already appeared in front of them.
"Shifting Wood!"
"Fantasy Wood!"
"Knot …"
Although the nine upper-level True Gods' movements were extremely fast, Luo Zheng was even faster.
Before the Green Wood Formation completely closed, Luo Zheng was like a ghost, charging in front of the old man.
Bang!
With a light shoulder bump, the old man instantly felt his throat heat up. His head went black, and his whole person crashed onto the ground.
This old man was the leader of the Green Wood Formation. After he left the formation, how could this formation still be set up?
The other upper-level True Gods were flustered, as if trying to save this formation that was on the verge of collapse.
How would Luo Zheng give them the chance?
"Bang bang bang bang bang …"
Since Luo Zheng knew that they had mistaken him for someone else, he wouldn't kill them.
With a flash of his figure, he smashed these upper true gods into the ground.
By the time the last upper True Deity landed, the entire grand array had finally collapsed.
The nine True Gods lying on the ground coughed up blood and looked at Luo Zheng in despair.
The old man in the lead knew that the situation was hopeless. His face was ashen as he panted and said, "The Mo Clan … a mere second-tier clan was actually able to invite such an expert. The heavens want to destroy my Green Wood Clan!"
Their clan prospered because of the two Dao tablets. In the past, the two secondary saints also majored in the Green Wood Divine Dao. Following the development of history, they called themselves the Green Wood Clan. In reality, they were an amalgamation of many great clans.
The other True Gods were also silent as they stared at Luo Zheng.
In the face of such an expert, even shouting "fight to the death" was meaningless.
"I don't know any Mo family," Luo Zheng stared at the old man and said calmly.
The old man was dumbfounded.
Seeing that the old man didn't respond, Luo Zheng added, "I'm just a passerby who wanted to comprehend the Dao tablets. You guys attacked me first."
When the nine upper True Gods heard Luo Zheng's words, their expressions were naturally very interesting.
There were really too few Perfect True Gods in the Deity Plane. In addition, the Mo Clan had spoken first and Luo Zheng just happened to appear here. Naturally, they naturally assumed that Luo Zheng was an expert invited by the Mo Clan.
"You, you … really aren't someone invited by the Mo Clan?" The old man looked at Luo Zheng and looked like he was about to cry.
"Indeed, I'm not," Luo Zheng replied calmly.
Luo Zheng's reply made the True Gods of the Green Wood Clan heave a sigh of relief. Their faces were still full of bitterness.
Even if they tried their best, it would still be difficult to deal with the Mo Clan. Now that the nine of them had been injured by Luo Zheng, when the expert invited by the Mo Clan really came, how would they deal with him?
The old man thought for a while and his eyes lit up. He said to Luo Zheng, "Friend, no … expert, our Green Wood Clan is being invaded by an enemy. I can give you all the Green Wood Clan's savings over the years. I only ask that you help us resist the enemy!"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
He only wanted to absorb the complete Taoist Connotation and light up the Dao tablets. He didn't plan to stay for long.
If he agreed to this old man's request, he would be entangled in the conflict between the two clans and would waste a lot of time.
"These two Dao tablets are controlled by your clan?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, our Green Wood Clan has controlled these two Dao tablets for many Divine Epochs …"
Before the old man could finish, Luo Zheng casually took out a hundred Shenwu coins. "Sorry, I only want to borrow these two Dao tablets. I don't care about anything else."
After handing over the Shenwu Coins to the old man, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and once again teleported between the two steles.
The old man held the coins with a face full of bitterness and disappointment. What their Green Wood Clan needed wasn't Shenwu coins, but the protection of an expert …
However, the old man gritted his teeth and took out a healing pill. He then said to the others, "Everyone, heal quickly. Since this person isn't an expert invited by the Mo Clan, we might still be able to fight!"
Thus, the other upper True Gods followed the old man's lead and sat down to heal their wounds.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had been merciful and had only used brute force. Moreover, he had controlled his strength to a minimum, so their injuries weren't too serious.
"Huff …"
On the other side, Luo Zheng sat down facing the Life Divine Dao tablet.
The Infinity Ruler in his mind flickered, and the pair of golden eyes in his eyes began to absorb the complete Dao of the Life Divine Dao.
At this moment, over a thousand True Gods suddenly charged out from the other side of the grassland. These True Gods aggressively charged toward the Dao tablets.
Luo Zheng's gaze swept over them. He already knew that this group of people should be the "Mo Clan" that the old man had mentioned.
It was hard to say who was right and who was wrong when the two clans fought. Luo Zheng didn't want to get involved, so he naturally couldn't be bothered. He focused on absorbing his own Divine Dao.
"Old Man Di Mu! It's for your own good to have you obediently hand over these two Dao tablets. You don't have the strength, yet you want to take the tablets for yourself? That's called overestimating yourself, hahaha … "The leader of the Mo Clan was dressed in golden armor and wielding a black spear.
This person was called Mo Kuan, the current patriarch of the Mo Clan. He was also an extremely ambitious person. In his eyes, the most important step for the Mo Clan's rise was to take the two Dao tablets for himself.
This time, Mo Kuan had come prepared!
However, after he finished speaking, his gaze landed on Luo Zheng, and his pupils suddenly contracted.
A Perfect True God!
The thousand True Gods of the Mo Clan originally had high morale and looked aggressive. However, after noticing Luo Zheng, their momentum instantly weakened.
"Mo Kuan! You said that the other party only has nine upper-level True Gods. That's why I, He Yidao, helped you. I don't want to be enemies with a Perfect True God. "Behind Mo Kuan, there was a black-clothed man with a malicious expression.
Although He Yidao was also a Perfect True God, he didn't come from Luxurious Floating Island.
In terms of strength, he was far inferior to a Perfect True God from a wealthy family.
Even so, He Yidao could do whatever he wanted in the Deity Plane. After all, there were too few Perfect True Gods in the Deity Plane.
This time, the Mo Clan had paid a terrible price to invite He Yidao to help. However, He Yidao didn't want to be enemies with another Perfect True God.
Mo Kuan looked at Luo Zheng with uncertainty. He noticed that Luo Zheng was focused on comprehending the Dao tablet. His eyes lit up slightly, and he said softly, "Brother He, don't be anxious. This person shouldn't be a helper invited by the Green Wood Clan. We just have to deal with the Green Wood Clan!"
"We'll do as you say. However, I'll say this first. If this young man interferes, I'll leave without saying anything!" He Yidao said.
"That's right, that's right …" Mo Kuan said as he looked at Luo Zheng nervously.
"That's good!"
He Yidao sneered and clapped his hands lightly. A formless Taoist Connotation spread out.
Behind him, thirteen upper-level True Gods soared into the sky.
These upper-level True Gods had cold expressions and their eyes were emotionless. They were like puppets, but they were real flesh and blood.
At that moment, Luo Zheng had finished absorbing the Taoist Connotation of the Life Divine Path and was ready to absorb the Green Wood Divine Path.
At that moment, he was attracted by He Yidao's Taoist Connotation.
"Great Ruling Skill?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.

Chapter 2294
Luo Zheng discovered an azure-robed woman among the thirteen upper True Gods.
Although it had been several years, Luo Zheng could still clearly see this woman's appearance. She was exactly the same as Ji Luoxue in the Great Evolution Universe!
However, there were so many True Gods in the Divine Territory, and there were still many people who looked similar. He did not act rashly, but suppressed his thoughts and quietly observed.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Under He Yidao's control, the thirteen upper True Gods rapidly changed their formation.
The thirteen seemed scattered, but in reality, they contained a profound meaning. It seemed that He Yidao was not only proficient in the Great Domination Art, but also in formations.
In the forest, the elder of the Green Wood Race summoned the other eight upper True Gods and formed the Great Green Wood Formation again.
The elder's eyes were filled with bitterness.
After seeing this Paragon He Yidao, he knew that the Green Wood Race's momentum was gone.
Although the Great Green Wood Formation was said to be able to resist Paragons, the Green Wood Race had declined to this day and was no longer as powerful as before. Moreover, Luo Zheng had easily broken the formation earlier, greatly reducing the Great Green Wood Formation's power.
Even so, he still chose to resist with all his might.
He Yidao's eyes were filled with disdain when he saw the circulation of Dao in the forest.
He Yidao sneered and said, "This petty trick is nothing more than a praying mantis blocking the arm. Thirteen Poison Attack Formation, break their formation for me!"
Swish!
In an instant, wisps of black poisonous miasma appeared on the thirteen upper True Gods under He Yidao's control!
A sweet and fishy smell spread from these upper True Gods. Clearly, the black poisonous miasma was extremely toxic.
He Yidao was not from a wealthy family and was also a person who was both good and evil. Without the support of a wealthy family's resources, it was inevitable that he would use some cruel methods to become stronger.
The Thirteen Poison Attack Formation was to capture thirteen upper True Gods and soak them in the Divine Territory's Phoenix Crown Blood Droplets to create thirteen "poison men". When facing an enemy, they would release billowing poisonous miasma that others could not deal with.
Such poison men would wither on the ground and die if they touched trees. Even He Yidao did not dare to touch them in the slightest.
What was even more amazing was that although the "Phoenix Crown Blood Drop" itself was a strange poison, after combining with the poisonous blood, it could greatly increase one's strength.
However, this kind of strengthening could not be maintained for long. The phoenix crown blood droplets would constantly corrode the bloodline of a true god. At the same time, it would invade the inner world of the true god through the bloodline. In less than half a year, the true god's inner world would be destroyed, and the true god would become a cripple.
Therefore, every once in a while, He Dao would capture some upper true gods to make new puppets.
Luo Zheng stared at the woman who seemed to be Ji Luoxue.
Although the poisonous miasma on the surface of her body was surging and almost completely covering her, she still relied on her own Taoist Connotation to expel the poisonous miasma from her body.
"Five Elements Divine Dao!"
After discovering that this woman cultivated the Five Elements Divine Dao, Luo Zheng was able to confirm her identity.
In the Grand Evolution Universe, Ji Luoxue had stepped into the Dao via the Five Element Divine Dao!
Originally, he didn't want to get involved in the enmity between the Mo Clan and the Green Wood Clan. However, it seemed that he had no choice but to act now.
With a thought, Luo Zheng slowly stood up.
He Dao was naturally extremely arrogant in front of the Green Wood Clan. In reality, most of his attention was focused on Luo Zheng. After all, the only person who was worthy of his vigilance was Luo Zheng.
Now that he saw Luo Zheng stand up, He Dao's malicious expression changed slightly. He then said, "Friend, I've always had enmity with the Green Wood Clan. I hope that you won't interfere. After I take down the Green Wood Clan, I'll share any benefits with you. What do you think?"
Luo Zheng looked at He Dao expressionlessly and said indifferently, "Whatever enmity you have with the Green Wood Clan has nothing to do with me."
Hearing this, He Dao was slightly delighted.
However, Luo Zheng then said, "However, I might have a bit of enmity with you!"
"What?" He Dao's expression froze slightly. He didn't know what Luo Zheng meant.
However, as soon as Luo Zheng finished speaking, his figure had already mysteriously disappeared from where he stood.
As a grassroots True God, He Dao had stepped into the Great Perfection stage. He Dao didn't know how many great dangers and life-or-death situations he had experienced in his life!
The moment he saw Luo Zheng disappear, he knew that Luo Zheng was going to attack him.
Swish!
The moment Luo Zheng appeared beside He Dao, he stretched out his hand and grabbed at He Dao's head.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, as long as he grabbed He Dao, he would be able to crush him with his strength alone.
However, He Dao's reaction was extremely fast. He promptly used greater teleportation, so naturally, Luo Zheng's grab missed.
In the next instant, He Dao had already escaped into the middle of the 13 puppets.
The poisonous miasma emitted by the 13 puppets curled up and protected him. Then, He Dao's shocked and angry voice sounded, "I've never met you before. What enmity do you have with me?"
Luo Zheng said indifferently, "If I say there is, then there is!"
The Great Domination Technique could dictate the life and death of the puppets, and the puppets couldn't resist. Naturally, Luo Zheng wouldn't point it out.
Crackle!
After he finished speaking, a pair of thunder wings suddenly spread out behind Luo Zheng's back!
Then, he transformed into a bolt of lightning and charged toward He Dao.
The Green Wood Clan originally looked as if they were facing a great enemy. Because of Luo Zheng's previous attitude, they didn't dare to count on Luo Zheng to help them.
After all, Luo Zheng was neither related to them in any way. It would be good if he didn't take advantage of their misfortune.
They didn't expect that two Perfect-stage True Gods would fight because of a disagreement. Their faces were filled with inexplicable expressions.
However, inexplicably, a glimmer of hope lit up in the hearts of these people who were originally in despair!
Seeing Luo Zheng charging toward him, He Dao's expression turned cold.
Swish! Swish! Swish!
Swish! The poisonous miasma on the surface of the 13 puppets was like living creatures. It transformed into countless tentacles and swept toward Luo Zheng.
Even a Perfect-stage True God would have to retreat in the face of the poisonous miasma. He Dao wanted to make Luo Zheng retreat in the face of difficulties!
Facing the poisonous miasma that had transformed into tentacles, Luo Zheng didn't retreat in the slightest. He submerged himself into the miasma …
The poisonous miasma that even a Perfect-stage True God would have to retreat in the face of had no effect on Luo Zheng.
Seeing this scene, He Dao's expression turned gloomy again.
If the poisonous miasma couldn't affect Luo Zheng, he was afraid that he would lose without a doubt. However, his greatest reliance was the Thirteen Poison Attack Formation. At this moment, he wasn't willing to teleport away and planned to take a risk.
Clenching his teeth, He Dao suddenly clapped his hands together and slapped toward Luo Zheng.
The poisonous miasma of the 13 puppets gathered in his palm. This poisonous miasma had fused with the Taoist Connotation of the 13 puppets. Coupled with He Dao's cultivation, the poisonous palm formed was naturally powerful!
Whoosh!
Seeing that He Dao didn't retreat but faced the enemy head-on, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. This was exactly what he wanted.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all and slapped toward He Dao …

Chapter 2295
"Bang!"
The moment the two palms collided, the poisonous miasma on He Dao's palm was smashed to pieces.
A tremendous force spread up He Dao's arm, and his arm was completely pulverized into powder ….
Although He Dao knew that he couldn't defeat Luo Zheng, he didn't expect the difference to be so great.
He had once seized an opportunity to spar with a Paragon from the Noble Floating Island. Although he had lost, he hadn't been completely crushed.
Thus, this palm was completely out of his expectations!
While He Yidao was still in shock, Luo Zheng took advantage of the situation and slapped He Yidao's dantian with his other hand.
Sometimes, it was extremely difficult for a Paragon to kill a Paragon.
This was because both sides could teleport away in the blink of an eye. If He Yidao really escaped, it would be troublesome for him to find a spatial tunnel to chase after him. At the very least, it would take him a lot of time.
The force of this slap seemed gentle, but it was enough to destroy He Yidao's inner world!
"Crack!"
A crisp sound rang out.
He Dao's inner world had already shattered into pieces …
He cultivated the Grand Domination Technique. This Divine Dao wasn't as strong as other Divine Daos, but the structure of his inner world was extremely perfect. When it shattered into pieces, the trillions of secondary lifeforms inside were all exterminated.
"Boom!"
After taking two consecutive hits from Luo Zheng, He Dao fell backwards and smashed into the Life Divine Dao's dao stele.
The dao steles of the Deity Realm were extremely sturdy. In theory, they couldn't be destroyed.
His physical body smashed into the stele, and all the bones in his body shattered. He sat on the ground, paralyzed.
However, a miraculous scene also appeared.
The Life Divine Dao's dao stele released a powerful life force that soaked into He Dao's body.
The injuries all over his body healed in the blink of an eye. Even the arm that had been smashed to pieces by Luo Zheng recovered in an instant …
However, the shattered inner world could no longer be restored.
Not far away, the patriarch of the Mo Family saw this scene and couldn't help but feel his heart beat wildly.
They were both Paragon True Gods, but how could the difference be so great? He Dao couldn't resist this person at all …
As for the members of the Green Wood Clan in the forest, they all widened their eyes.
The fact that Luo Zhengwen was willing to attack He Yidao had already caused them to fall into a state of ecstasy. They had never imagined that with just two palms, He Yidao would be easily dealt with. This was as simple as a perfected True God killing an upper True God.
Where did this young man come from?
Losing his inner world meant losing his cultivation. Even though He Dao's soul was still powerful, without the support of his Taoist Connotation, he couldn't use the Great Ruling Technique.
"Plop, plop …"
The thirteen "Poison Men" under He Dao's control fell from the sky.
He Daoist leaned against the stele and did not choose to run away.
Now that he was a cripple, it was impossible for him to escape from Luo Zheng. He could only stare at Luo Zheng with his malicious eyes.
Even now, He Daoist still couldn't figure out why Luo Zheng would attack him.
After some of the Poison Men were released from their shackles, they slowly regained their consciousness and slowly crawled up from the ground, their eyes filled with confusion.
"Where is this?!"
"What about me? Why are you here? "
"It's that person!"
Although these upper True Gods didn't know what was going on, when they saw He Dao, they couldn't help but tremble.
The painful experience of being captured by He Dao and being refined into a Poison Man was still vivid in their minds. However, their memories after that had completely disappeared. Naturally, they remembered He Yidao.
Ji Luoxue was the last to wake up.
She didn't know what the other Daoists were like, but she was sure that her experience was the most unlucky.
Just as she successfully snuck in, she was almost caught by a giant hand that appeared out of nowhere in the sky. Although she was lucky enough to escape, she was embroiled in an internal dispute of a family for no reason and was pursued all the way.
After much difficulty, she finally escaped the pursuit and her luck finally turned. She entered the "Heaven Radish Family" of the Thousand Cloud Region. This was a quasi-first-tier family and was considered pretty good in the entire Divine Region.
Relying on her outstanding talent, Ji Luoxue quickly gained a foothold in the Heaven Radish Family and attracted the attention of a Perfect True God in the "Heaven Radish Family."
In a short time, she lived up to expectations and became an upper True God …
However, the first time she went out, she encountered He Yidao and watched helplessly as she was refined into a Poison Man. After that, her memories were blank.
When she slowly woke up and saw He Yidao, fear instantly appeared on her face.
However, her eyes flashed and she saw a familiar figure standing beside her …
"Luo … Luo Zheng?"
After all, they hadn't met for so many years and Luo Zheng's aura had changed greatly after reaching Perfect True God. She actually didn't dare to recognize him!
Luo Zheng smiled slightly at Ji Luoxue.
"You're really Luo Zheng?" Ji Luoxue still couldn't believe it.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "The real deal."
After confirming Luo Zheng's identity, she was still stunned for a while before hot tears filled her eyes. She was practically biting her lips to stop herself from crying.
Ji Luoxue was a prodigy in the Divine Region and had never suffered like this. Walking in the Divine Region was difficult and she had suffered all kinds of hardships.
Before she was refined into a Poison Man, she only knew that she was dead for sure …
She never thought that she would be able to see Luo Zheng again the moment she woke up.
In her agitation, she did not hesitate in the slightest as she pounced towards Luo Zheng.
But when she reached him, she suddenly stopped in her tracks.
Ji Luoxue still remembered that when He Yidao was refining Poison Men, he had also been very careful. Her entire body was now filled with deadly poison and she was afraid that she would poison Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not regard her as an outsider as he gently pulled her into his arms.
This little girl's journey in the Divine Region had also been rather bumpy. Although she was an extremely strong person, she could not help but explode at this moment, bawling like a little child.
When He Yidao, who was lying beneath the Dao Tablet, saw this scene, the corners of his eyes could not help but twitch.
"You said that the enmity between you and me is because of this little girl?" He Yidao asked unwillingly.
In He Yidao's eyes, these upper level True Gods were just puppets and they had to be replaced every year or so.
There were very few Perfect True Gods in the Divine Region but there were many upper level True Gods. If he wanted to capture these puppets and create Poison Men, it was all too easy and he had never thought much of these Poison Men.
"That's right, are you very surprised?" Luo Zheng asked back.
He Yidao laughed weakly, "I am very surprised indeed …"
"How should we deal with him?" Luo Zheng no longer cared about He Yidao and instead asked for Ji Luoxue's opinion.
"Kill him!"
After Ji Luoxue's agitation, she had regained her composure and she only said in a cold voice.
"That's right, kill this vicious bastard!"
"It would be best if we could extract his soul and refine it!"
Hearing these words, the other thirteen upper level True Gods who were also Poison Men looked at He Yidao with eyes full of hatred …
"Alright!"

Chapter 2296
Hearing Luo Zheng mention the antidote method, the Poison Humans were shocked.
Their hatred for He Yidao temporarily overshadowed their worry for themselves, forgetting that they had been refined into Poison Humans by He Yidao.
They weren't afraid of the poison in their bodies.
Although their bodies had been corroded to varying degrees by the phoenix coronet blood droplets, the poison in their bodies was easy to deal with.
However, the phoenix coronet blood droplets had flowed into their dantian through their meridians, beginning to invade their inner worlds. This was the most troublesome part.
"Right! Antidote! "
"My inner world is showing faint signs of collapse!"
"We can't kill him. Make him take out the antidote …"
These Upper True Gods' desire to live was just as strong.
If they really couldn't cultivate, their only option was to abandon their dantian.
However, if they did that, their cultivation would be lost, and they would be nothing more than cripples in the Realm of the Gods. No one was willing to accept such an outcome.
He Yidao's face was ashen.
After losing his dantian, he couldn't even commit suicide by exploding his inner world.
He Yidao was going to die either way. He Yidao wasn't willing to let his soul be tortured to death, not to mention that his opponent might use a soul-searching technique on him.
Completely disheartened, He Yidao lifted his head and untied his spatial ring, tossing it at Luo Zheng. He then said, "The phoenix coronet blood droplets can be used to force the poison out of the body by cultivating the 《Poison Fusion Technique》. The technique is in this spatial ring."
As He Yidao tossed the ring, he erased the soul imprint on it.
The ring flashed with red light, and an exquisite jade page appeared in Luo Zheng's hand.
He opened the jade page and flipped through it a few times, then nodded slightly. This 《Poison Fusion Technique》 was a reverse poison cultivation technique. It was used to detoxify the poison of True Gods who originally cultivated poison techniques.
But at this moment, He Yidao's mind stirred slightly, and an extremely powerful soul pressure suddenly came from the spatial ring in Luo Zheng's hand.
This soul pressure erupted and rushed straight into Luo Zheng's mind!
Immediately, He Yidao's eyes became hazy, as if he had become demented …
At this moment, he abandoned his physical body and flew away in his soul form!
He Daoist hadn't played any tricks on the 'Poison Fusion Art', but while Luo Zheng was verifying its authenticity, he had activated an attack-type soul magic tool in his spatial ring.
After all, he was a Consummate True God who practiced the "Great Ruling Technique." In terms of strength, he might not be as strong as a considerable number of Consummate True Gods, but his soul was extremely powerful. He Dao was able to seize the opportunity to escape by shaking Luo Zheng's mind with his soul magic treasure!
Although he was only left with his soul, he could still find an opportunity to possess someone else's body. In the Divine Realm, as long as one didn't die, there was always a chance.
If an ordinary Perfect Real God were to be attacked by a soul magic treasure, they might not be able to come back to their senses for a while.
However, the current Luo Zheng's soul was so sturdy that it even surpassed that of many secondary saints.
When that powerful soul fluctuation hit Luo Zheng's soul, it only made Luo Zheng slightly absent-minded.
In less than half a breath's time, Luo Zheng's eyes regained their clarity.
He raised his head to look at the path that He Dao's soul had taken. His eyes focused slightly as the surface of the soul in his mind began to glow with a faint golden light.
An extremely cold soul suppression burst forth from his eyes.
"Swish swish swish swish swish swish …"
Tens of thousands of little soul arrows pierced through the sky in an instant, completely enveloping He Dao's soul. In the blink of an eye, He Dao's soul was torn to shreds by countless little soul arrows.
The Poison Men, the Mo Clan, and the Green Wood Clan were unable to see this scene with their naked eyes.
However, they could sense the soul suppression that permeated the sky through their divine senses.
That soul suppression exuded an extremely sharp concept. Even if they used their divine senses to probe, it still caused their scalps to go numb.
This was enough to explain He Dao's tragic end.
The Green Wood Clan and the Poison Men weren't too afraid.
However, Mo Kuan and the Mo Clan's True Gods only felt a chill run down their spines.
Faced with such an unstoppable powerful cultivator, the Mo Clan was at a loss as to whether they should leave or stay. They were afraid that they would do something that would upset this young man and cause him to kill them. The Mo Clan Patriarch was also mulling over how to explain himself in his heart, so that he could draw a clear line between himself and He Dao.
After Luo Zheng had killed He Dao, he returned to Ji Luoxue's side and tossed the jade page handwritten book to her.
The other Poison Men also stared fixedly at the small booklet …..
Noticing their gazes, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said to Ji Luoxue: "Make a copy of this book and give it to them."
"Mm." Ji Luoxue nodded and did as she was told.
It was at this moment that the old man from the Green Wood Clan led his clansmen out of the forest, heading straight for Luo Zheng.
"My friend, thank you for your help," the old man said with a face full of gratitude.
Luo Zheng's expression was calm as he replied: "I had no intention of doing anything. It was only because that fellow was unlucky that he attacked my friend."
He looked at Ji Luoxue with some worry in his heart.
After all, the Divine Region was not the Great Yan Universe. Those Dao Children could not all be so lucky and there was a possibility of them dying. He wondered how the other Dao Children were faring right now.
"Even so, it is still a blessing for our clan. You are also our clan's great benefactor." The old man's face was full of smiles as he took out a small jade box. He carefully opened the jade box and a jade-colored pill appeared in the box. "I see that your friend is also deeply poisoned. This pill is condensed from the Dao of the Divine Dao of Life and can only be produced once every Divine Era. It is the most precious treasure of our Green Wood Clan. After consuming it, one's physical body will immediately be reconstructed and all poisons will be expelled. Please kindly accept it, benefactor."
Luo Zheng glanced at the jade-colored pill. Indeed, extremely pure Dao of the Law of Life flowed within it.
After receiving the pill, Luo Zheng tossed it to Ji Luoxue.
Then, he turned his head to look at Mo Kuan, who was on the mountain slope, and said in a cold voice: "Originally, I did not want to participate in the conflict between your Mo Clan and the Green Wood Clan. However, the helper you invited harmed my friend. Consider it your Mo Clan's bad luck. From now on, your Mo Clan will migrate out of the Fenglin Region!"
A second-tier clan usually occupied several Divine Cities and had deep roots in a certain region.
However, Luo Zheng's one sentence was asking them to migrate …
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Mo Kuan could only feel bitterness in his mouth. Fortunately, the young man wasn't a bloodthirsty person. If it was some Perfect Real God who was more ruthless, they would have already taken action and killed all of them.
Although he was unwilling, Mo Kuan still hurriedly nodded his head. "That He Dao refining poison humans is indeed despicable. Sir, you can be considered to have gotten rid of a huge scourge. My Mo Clan is blind and should be punished. We will naturally move out of the Fenglin Region!"

Chapter 2297
When the Green Wood Tribe saw that Luo Zheng had expelled the Mo Family, they were even more grateful and immediately invited Luo Zheng to their tribe for a gathering.
However, Luo Zheng refused.
His original plan was to absorb all of the Dao from the tablet before leaving.
Now that he had run into Ji Luoxue, he naturally had to ensure her safety.
The elder of the Green Wood Tribe didn't dare force the issue and led his tribesmen back into the forest after thanking him profusely.
"I still need to study the tablet. You can practice the Tandem Poison Dao on the spot and wait for me to absorb the Dao before sending you back to the immortal residence," Luo Zheng said to Ji Luoxue.
Ji Luoxue nodded and sat down cross-legged on the spot.
In truth, the other twelve poison humans had immediately started practicing the Tandem Poison Dao after obtaining the Tandem Poison Dao.
The tablet of the Life Divine Dao was very peaceful. Not only did it not use Dao to attack, it healed all life that came close.
In comparison, the tablet of the Green Wood Divine Dao was much more violent and violent, on par with the tablet of the Black Thunder Divine Dao. Luo Zheng had to expend some effort to get close to the tablet.
After the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, Luo Zheng finished absorbing the Dao and returned to Ji Luoxue's side.
Ji Luoxue had completely entered a meditative state.
It was obvious that she had forced out much of the poisonous miasma.
After the dark brown miasma was forced out of her body, it burrowed into the soil around her and formed an eye-catching black circle.
Of course, the same was true for the other poison humans.
"I'll send her back directly …" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
He had just left the immortal residence not long ago. If he returned now, it would be troublesome to leave again.
Ji Luoxue had been to the immortal residence once before. If she returned, Yu Shenfeng and Aunt Hanjiu would take care of her as well.
When he thought of this, the Gen token appeared in his hand. He activated it and tapped it on Ji Luoxue's body.
Hum …
The spatial ripples emanating from the Gen token startled Ji Luoxue awake.
"Luo Zheng, you …" Ji Luoxue exclaimed.
"I'll send you back to the immortal residence. Don't resist," Luo Zheng said softly.
"But I …" Ji Luoxue hesitated.
In that moment of hesitation, Ji Luoxue had completely sunk into the spatial tunnel and quickly escaped into the immortal residence.
"It's been so many years since I last saw that fellow, but his personality is still the same …"
Throughout the entire process, Ji Luoxue had an angry expression.
Although Ji Luoxue was well aware that this immortal estate was safe, she was still willing to wander around the divine realm with Luo Zheng. However, he had sent her back without any explanation. Naturally, she felt even more depressed.
After sending Ji Luoxue back to the Immortal Abode, Luo Zheng looked at the Gen Command Token and smiled. He stuffed it into his spatial ring and teleported away.
…
…
After passing through the Fenglin Region was the Zixia Region, the Mingzhou Region, and other small regions.
Luo Zheng used Greater Teleportation all the way, not stopping at all.
Occasionally, there would be people who would see Luo Zheng's figure teleporting, but in the blink of an eye, he would disappear under the astonished gazes of those people. Some of the more experienced Gods would point to the place where Luo Zheng disappeared and say that this was a divine ability that could only be used by Paragon True Gods and above.
After passing through a series of small regions, Luo Zheng went around a few large regions. These large regions all had Dao tablets. Since it was on the way, Luo Zheng naturally had no reason to miss them.
Just like that, he went south while collecting Dao tablets.
In twenty days, he found a total of thirteen Dao tablets. It could be considered a small harvest.
It was not an easy task to collect all of the Dao tablets.
After all, with the cultivation of a Paragon True God, the distance of Greater Teleportation in the divine realm was still too short. If he became a Quasi-Saint or even a Saint, it would not take much time to set foot on the three thousand Dao tablets scattered throughout the divine realm …
After a month, Luo Zheng finally arrived at the Evil Ghost Region.
The Evil Ghost Region was not called the Evil Ghost Region back then.
60 Divine Epochs ago, the Abyss Demonic Region was not as large as it was now. The entire Abyss Demonic Region had only swallowed the Red Lotus Region.
As time passed, the Abyss Demonic Region grew larger and larger. In the end, it expanded into the Evil Ghost Region.
Although the inside and outside of the forbidden area were two completely different worlds.
However, the forbidden area still had a considerable influence on the outside world. After the Abyss Demonic Region expanded into this region, all kinds of ferocious creatures continuously appeared in this region. Even some originally docile creatures became incomparably ferocious. Thus, this region was named the Evil Ghost Region.
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng directly teleported from a neighboring large region to the Evil Ghost Region.
As soon as he teleported over …
"Hahaha …"
Not far above Luo Zheng's head, a monster with a human head and an eagle's body laughed bitterly. It opened its bloody mouth and bit at Luo Zheng's head.
"Pa!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. A bolt of lightning came out of nowhere and smashed this human-headed eagle-bodied monster into pieces.
After killing this monster, Luo Zheng realized that something was wrong.
After casually teleporting, he was actually in a large canyon. Moreover, there were countless human-headed eagle-bodied monsters squatting on both sides of the canyon.
The roar caused by the bolt of lightning reverberated in the canyon, immediately startling these monsters.
The silence in the canyon lasted for three breaths of time. Then, all the human-headed eagle-bodied monsters spread their wings and pounced at Luo Zheng.
At the same time, there was a strange laughter.
"Hahahaha …"
"Kakaka …"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng shook his head slightly. Next, he used greater teleportation again and his figure quietly disappeared from the canyon.
However, the Evil Ghost Region really lived up to its reputation.
Luo Zheng teleported again and unexpectedly encountered a type of butterfly with a ghost face painted on its wings.
After using the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao to kill some of the ghost-faced butterflies, he could only teleport again.
After such bumps and bumps, Luo Zheng finally arrived at the east-central part of the Evil Ghost Region. This was the place where the Evil Ghost Region and the Abyss Demonic Region bordered.
"This is the Abyss Demonic Region …" Floating in the air, Luo Zheng stared at the scene in front of him in a daze.
Directly in front of him was a huge pit.
The bottom of this pit couldn't be seen at all. After all, the entire Abyss Demonic Region had swallowed several large regions!
Although Luo Zheng had seen this scene through the Stone Barf Rat, it was far less shocking than seeing it in person.
The pale green smoke was endless, constantly drifting up from the bottom of the abyss.
Although the forbidden area had sealed off the space, the smell of sulfur contained in the smoke still assailed his nostrils …
"Rumble …"
The edges of the pit were constantly collapsing.
The Abyss Demonic Region was still relentlessly expanding, eroding the territory of the Evil Ghost Region. At this rate, the Evil Ghost Region would be completely swallowed by the Abyss Demonic Region in a few divine eras.
Some people had even predicted that if no one controlled the Abyss Demonic Region, then the entire Divine Realm would be swallowed by the Abyss Demonic Region.
Luo Zheng sized up the surrounding environment, a trace of embarrassment appearing on his face.

Chapter 2298
After circling around the edge of the pit for a while, Luo Zheng didn't find anything out of the ordinary.
Then, his eyes narrowed slightly and he released his Divine Sense, covering an area of several dozen kilometers.
Apart from a part of his Divine Sense being reflected by an invisible wall when it entered the forbidden area, he still didn't find anything out of the ordinary.
After fumbling around for a while, Luo Zheng could only take out the rat corpse from his Sumeru Ring.
After activating the light emitted by the Stone Forest Rat's corpse, the scene once again appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
Luo Zheng followed the scene and moved to the center.
In this position, the scene in Luo Zheng's mind completely merged with the scene he saw with his eyes.
"It really is a place …" Luo Zheng's face was a little confused.
It was reasonable to say that the birth of such a creature would cause quite a commotion, so why couldn't he see anything out of the ordinary?
Could it be that he was too late and the reincarnation of the Stone Forest Rat had already been dug out?
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, more than a dozen streaks of light suddenly appeared in the Divine Sense he released.
"Someone's coming?"
Luo Zheng immediately withdrew his Divine Sense and looked down.
Directly below him, there was a crack extending from the edge of the pit. Then, he took a step and escaped into the crack.
"Dao of Nature! Hide! "
After softly spitting out a word, his aura disappeared and he completely merged with the surrounding scenery.
In other people's perception, Luo Zheng was no different from a stone.
Not long after Luo Zheng hid, more than a dozen people flew above Luo Zheng. Among them, a big man sniffed and said, "The smell coming from the Abyss Demon Domain is really unpleasant!"
"It's just the smell of sulfur, what's wrong with that? Did any of you notice a strand of Divine Sense passing by just now? "A calm voice said.
"No!"
"I didn't feel it either."
"How could there be other people in this damned place? Patriarch Qianlong is too sensitive, hehe. "
Several other voices said.
"Was it my imagination? I clearly sensed it, but that Divine Sense was withdrawn too quickly. It was only for an instant … "That calm voice murmured.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng, who was hiding in the crack, felt his heart skip a beat.
This person is quite sharp. I wonder what his cultivation is.
If they were just some upper true gods, Luo Zheng wouldn't care.
Luo Zheng wasn't even afraid of some Great Perfection experts, unless it was a Great Perfection expert from a wealthy family who could attract the Saints.
However, the probability of this happening wasn't high …
"Don't overthink it. Getting down to business is the most important thing. Lu Tianyi, where is the location you mentioned?" the calm voice asked calmly.
Then, a muffled voice sounded, "It's right under our feet. I set up an illusion array last time and hid the cave!"
Dozens of days ago, Lu Tianyi had gone to the Evil Ghost Realm to capture a kind of ghost rhinoceros.
The value of this Ghost Rhinoceros Horn was very high. It was necessary to refine many top quality pills. This kind of item was very popular among the rich and powerful families, first and second tier families.
Now, one Ghost Rhinoceros Horn could be sold for more than twenty Shenwu coins.
For True Gods, other than entering forbidden areas, it wasn't easy to earn Shenwu coins. Hunting Ghost Rhinoceros Horns was naturally a good way to make money.
As more and more True Gods hunted Ghost Rhinoceros Horns, the number of Ghost Rhinoceros Horns in the Evil Ghost Realm naturally decreased.
Last time, Lu Tianyi didn't find any prey along the way and could only go deep into the Evil Ghost Realm. He didn't expect to see a strange phenomenon at the edge of the Abyss Devil Realm.
When he flew here, he found that the area had collapsed and a cave had appeared.
Lu Tianyi couldn't figure out what was at the bottom of the cave, but that strange phenomenon definitely meant that something had been born.
It could be a rare treasure, but it could also be some peerless monster …
Lu Tianyi was only an upper true god. How could he dare to explore without his strength?
Thus, he set up an illusory array to tightly cover up the cave.
Lu Tianyi's strength might not be the best among upper true gods, but he was extremely proficient in the art of setting up formations. He actually managed to deceive Luo Zheng.
"It's just an illusion array?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng secretly pursed his lips. He was actually deceived by an illusion array due to his carelessness.
Unable to hold himself back, he carefully poked his head out from a corner of the crack and glanced at the True Gods. His eyebrows suddenly raised.
"A quasi-sage and two Perfect True Gods?" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed surprise.
The number of quasi-sages in the God Realm was even rarer. Only a few first-rate families had quasi-sages overseeing them.
He didn't expect to run into one today by Luo Zheng …
Just as Luo Zheng was sizing them up, the purple-robed quasi-sage suddenly sensed something and abruptly turned his head.
That pair of eyes were as sharp as swords as they swept across a crack not far away.
But that crack was clearly empty!
The quasi-sage's expression became even stranger. He even released his divine sense, but he still didn't find anything!
"What's wrong with Patriarch Qianlong today? Why do you look so suspicious? "a white-robed middle-aged man beside him said with a smile.
This quasi-sage was Patriarch Qianlong, the master of one of the Qianlong Regions.
Some first-rate families couldn't enter the Sea of Time due to their own lack of strength. They could only expand in their own regions and eventually occupy the entire large region for themselves.
However, the wealthy families didn't care about such things.
For example, after Han Jia became a wealthy family on the floating island, the large regions under Han Jia's control were still allowed to expand. Han Jia didn't completely control all the large regions. Instead, they gave a lot of resources to the subordinate families.
Patriarch Qianlong knew that he had no hope of becoming a True God and couldn't bring his family into the wealthy families. Thus, he could only confer himself the title of "region master."
"I keep feeling that someone is spying on me. Looks like I'm overthinking," Patriarch Qianlong said faintly. He didn't expect that a Perfect True God would be able to hide under his nose.
At that moment, the True God called Lu Tianyi walked around an empty space three times. Then, he slammed his hands heavily on the ground.
A purple-red line spread rapidly along the ground. This line drew a large circle on the ground. The scene in this circle was formed by an illusion array. Now that Lu Tianyi had removed the illusion array, a sizable hole was revealed.
Patriarch Qianlong stood at the hole's entrance and looked down. Then, he was the first to jump in.
The other two Perfect True Gods and more than ten upper-level True Gods didn't hesitate and followed Patriarch Qianlong into the hole.
After a while, Luo Zheng slowly climbed out of the crack. His brows were slightly furrowed. "This hole was probably created for the Stone Forest Rats. Unexpectedly, someone found it in advance … What's more troublesome is that there's a quasi-sage inside!"

Chapter 2299
This cave had just been created, so the rocks and soil on the cave walls were still very soft.
If it wasn't touched properly, it would probably cause quite a commotion, and it might even collapse.
Although Luo Zheng used the True Meaning of Nature to hide himself, if he really alarmed the quasi-sage, such a concealment method would be meaningless.
Therefore, in the process of descending, Luo Zheng also carefully slowed down.
"Patriarch Qianlong, there are two paths below!"
The entire cave was straight up and down, but here it diverged into a fork.
The conversation below the cave naturally drilled into Luo Zheng's ears clearly.
"There are not two caves. I have already used my divine sense to investigate clearly. The one on the left is a dead end. Just take the right one," Patriarch Qianlong said indifferently.
"Then take the right one!"
The group chose the cave on the right and continued descending.
After a while, Luo Zheng also came to the fork. Fortunately, he had already heard these people's conversation just now.
Now, Luo Zheng did not dare to use his divine sense to identify the path, which was also a big problem. He could only follow behind this group of people.
Without much hesitation, Luo Zheng also chose the cave on the right …
As he continued to go deeper, the bottom of the cave became darker and darker, and the surrounding environment became more and more oppressive.
At the same time, there was also an increasingly pungent smell of sulfur!
"This sulfur smell is too smelly!" An upper True God complained.
"Do you think this cave leads all the way to the Abyss Demon Territory?" Another person muttered.
"Indeed, this cave is abnormally deep …"
The Abyss Demon Territory was like a nightmare to people in the God Realm.
Even the experts of the wealthy families fell in the Abyss Demon Territory. Therefore, this time, Dongfang Chunjun almost turned out in full force to be on the safe side.
If this cave really led to the Abyss Demon Territory, they would be in trouble.
"Haha, if this place really leads to the Abyss Demon Territory, I'm afraid we'll be rich!" Patriarch Qianlong said indifferently.
"Patriarch Qianlong is right. This place will become the first entrance to the Abyss Demon Territory!" Another person said.
The only entrance to the Abyss Demon Territory was located in the depths of the Red Lotus Region, and that entrance had already been occupied by the wealthy families.
Even a powerful quasi-sage like Patriarch Qianlong was not qualified to directly enter the forbidden area.
The only way was to ask for help from the Wealthy Clans and borrow their spatial passageways.
Even a Secondary Saint had to use such a method to enter the forbidden grounds. From this, one could imagine the importance of clans...
Luo Zheng didn't expect the cave to be so deep.
But he maintained a certain amount of patience …
After all, he was different from the people below. These people were attracted by the Heavenly Anomaly after the reincarnation of the Stone Forest Rat. They did not know what was here.
Luo Zheng's purpose was very clear.
After the time it took for three incense sticks to burn, the path became wider and wider.
As Luo Zheng was descending, his body accidentally brushed against the wall of the cave. His eyelids twitched slightly. He was afraid that the stone on the wall would loosen and roll down, alarming those people.
Unexpectedly, when he touched the wall of the cave, he found that it was rather soft.
"This is … the Muscle Stone Layer?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
Speaking of which, he had followed this group of people all the way down and didn't know how deep they had gone. He was afraid that they had already passed through the Gangue Stone Layer and the Flint Stone Layer.
"Below the Muscle Stone Layer is the Black Fire Torrent. That thing can even burn a Sage to death." Thinking of this, Luo Zheng secretly became vigilant.
Just as he was thinking this, a discussion came from below.
"We've actually reached the Muscle Stone Layer. I think … we should go back?"
"This Black Fire Torrent is not something we can resist!"
Some people already had the thought of turning back. After all, it was really too dangerous to continue going down.
"We've already reached such a deep place! Kun Ao, to think that you're a Perfect True God! "someone said softly.
"Yes, we've already reached the Muscle Stone Layer. I reckon we're almost at the end. We're just one step away. If we go back now, all our previous efforts will be wasted," Patriarch Qianlong said.
The Perfect True God called Kun Ao frowned and didn't say anything in the end.
But at this moment, a gust of hot wind blew out from the depths of the cave.
"Wu —"
The hot wind spewed along the cave, making a sound like a flute.
"Where did this wind come from!"
"Let's go down and take a look!"
After these people felt the hot wind, they felt it was strange and sped up their footsteps.
"Wu —"
When the hot wind rolled in front of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's nose sniffed slightly.
"This smell …"
In addition to the heavy smell of sulfur, there was a faint sweet smell in the hot wind. He couldn't tell where the sweet smell came from.
But at this moment, there was a cry of surprise from below.
"Be careful!"
"There's something coming out from the Muscle Stone Layer!"
"It's the legendary Earth Ghost!"
"What the hell? Why would we bump into such a thing here?"
Suddenly, there was a cry of panic from below.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's figure swept past lightly and found a corner in a cave to hide. Then, he stuck his head out to take a look.
He saw that in the Muscle Stone Layer, which had turned into a cave wall, there were four-horned black snakes that were as thick as an arm.
One had to know that the Muscle Stone Layer was the toughest soil layer in the Divine Territory. Even an upper True God couldn't open the Muscle Stone Layer, and even a Paragon would have to expend a lot of effort to tear it open.
A creature that could survive in the Muscle Stone Layer was definitely not an ordinary creature!
There were records of Earth Ghosts in the Divine Territory's history …
Earth Ghosts were the only creatures that could crawl freely in the Muscle Stone Layer. Because they were located very deep underground, there were very few records of Earth Ghosts.
It was said that most True Gods who had seen Earth Ghosts were already hibernating underground, adding a hint of mystery to this creature.
However, Luo Zheng didn't act rashly. After all, the target of these Earth Ghosts wasn't him.
Unless there was no other choice, he wouldn't show himself.
"Hiss hiss hiss …"
These Earth Ghosts coiled their tails on the wall, arched their snake bodies, and kept flicking their tongues. They weren't in a hurry to attack.
"What are these Earth Ghosts doing?"
"They don't seem to have any evil intentions?"
"I, I … Let's go back!" A skinny upper True God said with a sobbing tone.
After this upper True God suggested this, Kun Ao said firmly, "It's still not too late to turn back now. These Earth Ghosts should be guarding something, but no matter what it is, it's not something we can touch with our abilities. We can sell this information to the wealthy families and let them explore it!"
However, just as Kun Ao finished speaking, the entire cave began to tremble. The cave above their heads, which was the path they came from, was constantly squirming, and it was completely sealed!
Luo Zheng was originally hiding in the corner of the cave. Seeing that his hiding place was constantly narrowing, he had no choice but to jump out of his hiding place.
If he didn't jump out, he might be completely trapped in the Muscle Stone Layer!

Chapter 2300
Patriarch Qianlong's group was originally on guard against the surrounding four-legged earth ghosts.
However, the cave above their heads suddenly closed. Before it closed, a person jumped out, giving them a fright.
After taking a closer look, he realized that this person was actually a Perfected True God. This was simply too rare …
"Who are you?! How dare you tail us! "Patriarch Qianlong stared at Luo Zheng and shouted.
As a quasi-sage, Patriarch Qianlong's soul had already cultivated to the Yang God level. His voice was full of soul pressure, and it went straight for Luo Zheng.
Patriarch Qianlong didn't expect this shout to seriously injure Luo Zheng, but at least it would make him dizzy!
However, Luo Zheng stood in place and didn't react.
Seeing Luo Zheng like this, Patriarch Qianlong's eyes showed a hint of fear.
If they were on the ground, Patriarch Qianlong might have attacked without saying a word.
However, everyone was in danger now. In addition, there were many four-legged earth ghosts clinging to the cave walls. In addition, Luo Zheng didn't look simple, so it wasn't convenient for Patriarch Qianlong to attack.
Earlier, Patriarch Qianlong had sensed that someone was following them outside the cave. At that time, he thought it was just an illusion.
"This doesn't count as tailing you, right? It can only be said that you were one step ahead of me, "Luo Zheng replied calmly.
"You're lying! I discovered this cave long ago and used an illusion formation to cover it. You clearly followed us here! "said the upper-level True God called Lu Tianyi coldly.
After Lu Tianyi said that, Patriarch Qianlong and the other True Gods' expressions became more and more unfriendly.
Luo Zheng shrugged and didn't argue.
He naturally knew that this cave had something to do with the Stone Forest Rats.
The first ones to discover this place's abnormality were him and Yu Taibai.
However, he naturally wouldn't mention this to these people.
"Don't bother with this kid. This cave is too strange. It actually sealed us inside. It's better for us to leave first!" Kun Ao said as he stared at the earth ghosts.
After the cave was sealed, the earth ghosts began to stir …
Patriarch Qianlong took a deep look at Luo Zheng, and then looked at the deepest part of the cave reluctantly.
The situation in front of him was indeed too complicated. It was impossible for him to fight with this kid who had appeared out of nowhere. For the sake of safety, Patriarch Qian Long nodded. "Let's leave first before we discuss further …"
In the Deity Domain, when Paragons and Sages used greater teleportation, they would rarely teleport underground because it was too dangerous.
The entire depths of the Divine Realm were filled with the Black Flame Torrent. If one didn't control the distance to move underground, they would fall into the Black Flame Torrent and be swallowed up.
However, Greater Teleportation underground was extremely simple. One Greater Teleportation would allow one to move to the surface.
One Secondary Saint and two Great Perfection Saints were enough to bring the other ten people away.
Now that Patriarch Qianlong was finally willing to leave, Kun Ao breathed a sigh of relief. With a thought, he began to construct a spatial tunnel.
But at this moment, a strange scene appeared.
In front of Kun Ao, there were no spatial fluctuations!
"Greater Teleportation can't be used!" Kun Ao's expression turned abnormally ugly.
The other upper true gods were even more nervous as they looked at Patriarch Qianlong. After all, Patriarch Qianlong was a Secondary Saint. He might be their last hope.
Patriarch Qianlong waved his hand lightly, but there were still no spatial fluctuations …
"This is impossible …" Patriarch Qianlong's expression turned solemn.
In some places in the Deity Domain, spatial laws could indeed be banned.
For example, in the Sea of Time, Ruo Mu, where the Sword Race resided, and some forbidden areas couldn't use greater teleportation.
However, spatial laws were banned in the Sea of Time because of the rules of the Governing Slate. Furthermore, it only restricted Paragons and Sages, not Secondary Saints and Sages.
As for the Sword Race, greater teleportation was banned when Elder Yuan borrowed Ruo Mu to transform the entire Deity Domain into a "non-offensive area."
Banning spatial laws didn't mean they were ineffective …
Patriarch Qianlong and Kun Ao couldn't use spatial laws at all. It was as if spatial laws didn't exist in this cave!
This subverted their understanding. As far as they knew, such a place shouldn't exist in the Deity Domain.
At this moment, the densely packed Four-legged Earth Ghosts that were clinging to the cave walls suddenly rushed toward them.
Hiss hiss hiss hiss hiss …
Patriarch Qianlong's eyes flashed coldly as he faced the Four-legged Earth Ghosts. Five-Colored Dao Accumulations spread out from his hands.
Seeing the Five-Colored Dao Accumulations, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. "Five Elements Divine Dao. What a stable Dao Accumulations. As expected of a Secondary Saint!"
The two Five-Colored Dao Accumulations converged and formed a huge strangling force!
Crack crack crack crack …
The hundreds of Four-legged Earth Ghosts at the front were kneaded together by this strangling force as if they were a huge black dough.
If a group of True Gods were kneaded by this force, they would probably be kneaded into a pile of flesh and bones in an instant.
However, after these Four-legged Earth Ghouls were rubbed for a while, they crashed heavily into the cave wall and scattered. The remaining Four-legged Earth Ghouls were unscathed. After rolling a few times on the ground, they pounced at them again!
Hiss hiss hiss …
Seeing this scene, everyone's expression changed.
Even a Secondary Saint was unable to kill these Four-legged Earth Ghosts, let alone others!
"Let's go! We can only run deeper! "Patriarch Qianlong waved his hand and said.
Now, they had no way out. They indeed had no other choice but to move forward.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Kun Ao, Lu Tianyi, and the others took the lead and fled downward.
Seeing that the group of True Gods leading the way had run away, Luo Zheng also stepped forward and followed closely behind.
However, just as he rushed over, dozens of Four-legged Earth Ghosts pounced on him …
"Eight Winding Smoke!"
With a slight thought, Luo Zheng's body became light as a feather, and he drilled through the gaps between these Four-legged Earth Ghosts in an extremely natural manner.
"Ah!"
"These damn things!"
At this moment, two upper True Gods in front of Luo Zheng had already been surrounded by Four-legged Earth Ghosts. One of them was Lu Tianyi, who had set up the illusion formation.
Under the frenzied biting of the Four-legged Earth Ghosts, the two upper True Gods were instantly reduced to a bloody mess. It was a tragic sight!
"Save me!" Lu Tianyi roared crazily.
The other upper True God had long since stopped breathing. Half of his head had been eaten clean by the Four-legged Earth Ghosts. Clearly, there was no hope for him.
Although Lu Tianyi was shouting for help, the upper True Gods in front of him were all fleeing for their lives. Who would dare to turn back?
As for Patriarch Qianlong, Kun Ao, and the others, they had no intention of lending a helping hand.
Seeing Lu Tianyi's mournful screams, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. His figure had already fluttered in front of Lu Tianyi. At the same time, he gathered energy in his palm and slammed it heavily on Lu Tianyi's chest!
Pfff!
This skillful energy poured into Lu Tianyi's body, but it did not harm him.
As Lu Tianyi's body suddenly shook, the skillful energy spread out along the surface of his body, shaking off the Four-legged Earth Ghosts on his body.