Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(new)
Vol.6

Chapter 2894
Going too far
As the human girl saw the Liyuan Clan act like this, her face dimmed.
She feared that she wouldn't be able to leave today.
She was already extremely grateful that Luo Zheng was willing to help her, but 200,000 soul pills was just too much.
"Forget it." The little girl clenched her teeth and said in a barely audible voice, "I'll go to the Liyuan Clan and do hard labor …"
Although she knew that hard labor didn't bode well for her, she had no other choice.
At this time, Luo Zheng said, "200,000 soul pills, I'll pay!"
These Liyuan Clan members didn't know what to say. In order to prevent them from changing their minds, he immediately nodded to Ling Shuang.
Ling Shuang didn't say anything, but when Luo Zheng asked for help, she immediately took out her spatial ring and paid 100,000 soul pills to the Liyuan Clan members.
The human girl's eyes widened. She was shocked, but her face was also filled with gratitude.
The asking price of two thousand Soul Cores soared to two hundred thousand. In the end, Luo Zheng paid the price.
These Liyuan Clan members didn't think that Luo Zheng would really take out 200,000 soul pills. If they continued to make things difficult for them, it would be too embarrassing. Thus, the leader of the Liyuan Clan members waved his hand and said, "Let's go!"
The human girl walked in front of Luo Zheng and said, "I'll wait for you at the 12th Layer of Heaven. These soul pills … I, I'll definitely return them to you!"
In truth, for a Yang Soul that could step into the 12th or 13th Layer of Heaven, 200,000 soul pills wasn't too much.
However, this little girl's clan had long since declined. It would be difficult for her to gather 200,000 soul pills, so she was a bit hesitant.
"Let's go," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
No one knew each other on the other side of the river.
Even if she went to the 12th Layer of Heaven, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to find her. Luo Zheng didn't care whether or not she would return these soul pills.
The human girl nodded and walked towards the star ring.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang waited in line for a while before it was finally their turn.
According to their previous agreement, Luo Zheng also paid 100,000 soul pills.
When it was Ling Shuang's turn, the Liyuan Clan member pointed at her and said, "You, one million soul pills."
Ling Shuang raised her eyebrows and asked, "Why?"
"That's because you paid for his 200,000 soul pills," said the Liyuan clansman with a smile. "If you can't afford it, please head over there!"
He gestured and pointed to the west.
"Buzz …"
Luo Zheng's Sun Soul emitted an irrepressible anger, and a powerful soul aura immediately spread out.
Even the other outsiders in the queue felt that the Liyuan Tribe was going too far.
"The Liyuan Clan is such a bully!"
"Who told them to meddle in other people's business?"
"To pass through the Eleventh Heaven, even a dragon has to coil up, and a tiger has to crouch down …"
The other races discussed in low voices. They also knew that this human couple was going to be in trouble.
"What? Not convinced? "
The members of the Liyuan Tribe looked at Luo Zheng indifferently, not taking him seriously at all.
No one dared to make a move against a member of the Li Yuan Clan in the Eleventh Heaven!
Ling Shuang could feel Luo Zheng's angry aura. She said, "I don't have any Million Soul pills. Can I use a soul crystal instead?"
Upon hearing the mention of soul crystals, the eyes of the Liyuan Tribe members lit up.
No matter which super force it was, soul crystals were always in high demand. Even if one had Soul pills and God crystals, it was very difficult to exchange for a soul crystal.
"That depends on how many soul crystals you're willing to hand over, hehe …" The Liyuan Tribe member laughed.
"One finger." Ling Shuang bluntly replied.
"Deal." The Liyuan Tribe member was also very straightforward.
There weren't many opportunities to obtain soul crystals. One finger of soul crystals was much more valuable than Million Soul pills. Soul pills could be slowly accumulated, but soul crystals simply couldn't be bought anywhere.
Ling Shuang took out a soul crystal from her spatial ring and handed it over to the Liyuan Tribe member.
As the other outsiders saw this soul crystal, their eyes lit up. This was a soul crystal, and she was using it as a toll to pass through the Eleventh Heaven? Which human family did this woman come from? How could she be so generous?
As they sighed, they secretly cursed the Liyuan Tribe members for being black-hearted. From the looks of it, the Liyuan Tribe would only become more and more black-hearted in the future!
"Let's go." Ling Shuang pulled on Luo Zheng, but she didn't move him.
As the Liyuan Tribe member saw that Luo Zheng wasn't willing to leave, he chuckled and said, "Human boy, if you don't want to leave, then you can stay here forever."
"Don't be angry, let's go!" Ling Shuang anxiously said.
Staying here would only lead to more trouble, so Ling Shuang was naturally a bit anxious.
In the end, Luo Zheng moved his feet and followed Ling Shuang towards the star ring. The two Yang souls entered the star ring, and with a slight twist, they turned into beams of light that shot towards the Twelfth Heaven.
The little human girl was still waiting at the Twelfth Heaven, staring at the star ring.
She owed Luo Zheng such a great favor, so she naturally had to find a way to repay it. It was impossible for her not to know the name of her benefactor.
Weng …
As the two beams of light descended, Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang's Yang souls arrived at the Twelfth Heaven.
"Mm, benefactor …"
The little human girl remembered Luo Zheng's aura and walked towards him.
However, Luo Zheng didn't give her a chance to speak. He only said to Ling Shuang, "Wait for me here …" Then, he left the other side.
Ling Shuang only had time to warn him to be careful before Luo Zheng's figure disappeared.
She shook her head slightly. If the Liyuan Tribe member had only asked for two hundred thousand Soul Pills, then she probably would have tolerated this. However, when she wanted to pass, they actually asked for a million Soul Pills. This was truly too much. If it weren't for the fact that she still had soul crystals, wouldn't she have been forced to stay at the Twelfth Heaven?
When the little human girl saw how anxious Luo Zheng was, she didn't know what to do. She stood in place for a while, then asked, "This … big sister, where did benefactor go?"
Ling Shuang replied, "He left temporarily."
She could imagine that before long, the Twelfth Heaven would probably be turned upside down by Luo Zheng.
"Oh." The little human girl still stood in place. "Then I'll wait for him here."
"Why are you waiting for him?" Ling Shuang asked.
"I want to know benefactor's name so that I can return the Soul Pills to him in the future," the little girl said.
Ling Shuang looked at her, then smiled and said, "You can go now. You don't need to return the Soul Pills."
Two thousand Soul Pills were naturally nothing. As for the extra million Soul Pills, it was completely because of the Liyuan Tribe. It had nothing to do with this little human girl.
Ling Shuang's personality was very magnanimous. She naturally wouldn't blame the little girl for the problem.
"No! I must return these Soul Pills! "The little girl was unexpectedly persistent.
Ling Shuang finally became impatient. She said word by word, "I paid for these Soul Pills. I said that you don't need to return them. You can go now!"

Chapter 2895
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
A Hundredfold Revenge
When Luo Zheng's body had just returned to the temple of the Heavenly Palace, he saw the disciples of the Heavenly Palace guarding at the gate of the temple solemnly.
Apparently, a strong enemy had invaded the Heavenly Palace.
"What's wrong?"
Luo Zheng stepped forward and asked a disciple of the Heavenly Palace.
Although these disciples of the Heavenly Palace didn't know the identity of Luo Zheng's body, they knew he was on the Heavenly Palace's side.
"You, you weren't here just now … but something big happened!" The disciple of the Heavenly Palace said.
"What big thing? Did the You Xiong Clan come to make trouble again? "Luo Zheng asked.
The You Xiong Clan had suffered a great loss. They should have learned their lesson. It was impossible for them to make trouble for the Heavenly Palace at this time. Could it be that some other clans had invaded the Heavenly Palace?
The disciple of the Heavenly Palace shook his head and said, "Someone did come to make trouble, but it was not the You Xiong Clan … I don't know where this fellow came from. He could devour the souls of others directly!"
"Devour souls directly?" Luo Zheng was also surprised.
"Yes!" The disciple of the Heavenly Palace nodded and said, "That guy came to ask for the Soul Crystal directly. We didn't give it to him. Then one of us let him devour his soul directly. After that, we retreated to the temple."
The temple was full of powerful restrictive spells. Except for Luo Zheng's body, which could come and go freely, even the most powerful souls would be burned into ashes.
"Then that guy left?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"No," the disciple of the Heavenly Palace shook his head, "he ran to the You Xiong Clan. I guess he also went to ask for the Soul Crystal …"
How could it be so easy to get the Soul Crystal?
Many elite disciples of the You Xiong Clan were busy repairing the temple. Without the protection of the restrictive spells, they suffered a great loss. Seven or eight of their clansmen were devoured at once. The rest of the clansmen of the You Xiong Clan fled to the other side when they saw the situation was not good.
That guy went to the ruins of the You Xiong Clan's temple to pick up the treasures.
However, the temple had already been searched by Luo Zheng. Other important things had been taken away by the You Xiong Clan. Of course, that guy didn't get anything.
According to that guy's character, he wouldn't give up so easily. Then he rushed toward the Divine Farmer Clan's Divine Temple.
The Divine Farmer Clan had taken precautions a long time ago, and they lured that person into the temple and almost killed that person. But that person was quite alert, and he managed to escape from the temple at the critical moment, and he managed to avoid such a great calamity.
After listening to the Heavenly Palace disciple, Luo Zheng asked, "Where is that person now?"
"It seems that he has already left the Nirvana Realm. Although his devouring technique is terrifying, he is alone and his Soul Cultivation is not very strong. After the You Xiong Clan realized what had happened, they joined forces with the Divine Farmer Clan and sent several Indigo Souls to chase after him. However, he managed to escape," the disciple of the Heaven Palace said.
"The ability to devour souls is really full of wonders in this world …" Luo Zheng muttered in his heart.
If he wasn't afraid of the soul's backlash, this ability would be extremely heaven-defying.
This person's Yang Soul cultivation might not be very strong now, but as long as he swallowed it bit by bit, his cultivation speed would probably not be much slower than absorbing Soul Crystals. It was unknown how this person came to possess such an ability.
But the good news was that this guy wasn't from the You Xiong Clan or the Divine Farmer Clan, and now he had provoked these two clans …
After learning about this, Luo Zheng left the temple and went straight to the Star Ring. Ling Shuang was still waiting for him at the 12th Layer of Heaven.
During the process of ascension, Luo Zheng didn't stop. In less than an hour, he had ascended to the 10th Layer of Heaven and stepped into the 11th Layer of Heaven.
On the square of the 11th Layer of Heaven, several Liyuan Clan members were standing.
They were responsible for driving the ascended Yang Souls to the other side to line up.
With a faint flash of light, Luo Zheng's body appeared in the center of the square.
"This way …" The Liyuan Clan member shouted at Luo Zheng and was about to open his mouth to drive Luo Zheng over. But when he opened his eyes wide, he was stunned and his face was full of shock. "This, this … body?"
Apparently, the Liyuan Clan member had never seen such a situation before.
Luo Zheng glanced indifferently at the Liyuan Clan member, then walked forward confidently.
Whether it was the other Liyuan Clan members or the Outsiders in line, when they saw Luo Zheng's body swagger in front of them, their eyes were somewhat dazed.
"What's going on?"
"This guy doesn't seem to be a Yang Soul …"
"What do you mean not a Yang Soul? That's just a body! How did he get to the other shore? "
"Am I seeing a ghost?!"
In the mortal world, when one's soul left one's body, it was called seeing a ghost, but when these souls saw a body, their faces looked like they had seen a ghost.
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't line up here. He walked past the line and arrived in front of the Liyuan Clan members.
"This … friend, what business do you have with us?" the Liyuan Clan member in the lead asked.
These Liyuan Clan members had always been arrogant and domineering in the 12th Layer of Heaven, so when faced with Luo Zheng's body, their attitude was already extremely polite.
"The soul pills you took just now will be returned a hundredfold. One million soul pills and one hundred million soul pills. Otherwise, today's matter will be difficult to resolve," Luo Zheng said in a low voice.
When the Outsiders in line heard this, they were all somewhat puzzled. They didn't know what had happened, but the meaning in Luo Zheng's words was very clear. He was here to extort the Liyuan Clan!
In the 12th Layer of Heaven, only the Liyuan Clan would extort other clans.
No matter which superpower or powerful clan, the Liyuan Clan would take advantage of them. Today, there was actually someone who dared to extort the Liyuan Clan. This was also new.
The Liyuan Clan members instantly understood that the person in front of them was the one who had just paid the one million soul pills!
The Liyuan Clan leader was silent for a moment, then said, "Friend, just now, we Liyuan Clan had eyes but failed to recognize Mount Tai. We will return the soul crystal and the two hundred thousand soul pills you gave us! Lang Du, take out the soul crystal. "
These few people from the Liyuan Tribe did not have a high status in the Liyuan Tribe. Blackmailing Luo Zheng and the others earlier was already an act of insubordination. If the elders of the Liyuan Tribe knew that they had offended a person who had entered the Nirvana Realm physically, they would probably be punished.
Therefore, they chose to keep the peace and wanted to return the soul crystal and soul pills.
When the Outsiders in line saw the Liyuan Clan's reaction, they were secretly pleased.
The Liyuan Clan, who had always been incomparably unyielding, also had a time when they would admit defeat?
However, Luo Zheng stretched out a finger and said, "One hundred million soul pills, or one hundred soul crystals."
When these words came out, the expressions of all the Liyuan Clan members changed slightly.
A trace of fear also appeared in the hearts of the Outsiders. This kid really dared to ask for it! From the looks of it, something big was going to happen today.
"Kid, we Liyuan Clan have more or less returned the full amount. We'll treat the one hundred million soul pills as a joke. Lang Du, give him the soul crystal," said the Liyuan Clan leader.
When the Liyuan Clan member called Lang Du handed over the soul crystal, Luo Zheng grabbed Lang Du's hand and crushed the soul crystal!
The pure soul crystal splattered everywhere, some of it entering the Outsiders' Yang Soul bodies. These Outsiders naturally enjoyed it.
Luo Zheng's body didn't have a spatial ring, so he couldn't store the soul crystal. He also didn't plan on taking this soul crystal.
When the Liyuan Clan members saw Luo Zheng waste the soul crystal like this, they all felt their hearts ache.

Chapter 2896
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Abyss Spirit Clan
As soon as Luo Zheng said this, the surroundings immediately fell silent.
Most of the members of the Mysterious Clan thought Luo Zheng was crazy.
In the eyes of the Liyuan Clan, Luo Zheng had come to ask for 100 million Soul Elixirs. Now he was threatening to raze the Liyuan Clan to the ground.
There was a human among the members of the Mysterious Clan. He was from the Divine Farmer Clan.
He had also come from the Fourth Heaven to the Thirteenth Heaven. However, he hadn't been in the Nirvana Realm for long and hadn't seen Luo Zheng demolish the temple.
But in the Divine Farmer Clan, he had heard about what had happened in the Fourth Heaven. Naturally, he had heard about Luo Zheng's "body."
"I didn't expect this guy to come all the way to the Eleventh Heaven. I'm afraid the Liyuan Clan has offended him. Is he planning to make trouble for the Liyuan Clan?"
The Liyuan Clan was an extremely powerful Mysterious Clan. Even the You Xiong Clan didn't dare to provoke them.
There would be a good show today.
When the leader of the Liyuan Clan heard Luo Zheng's arrogant words, he raised his head and laughed. "You? You think you can raze the Liyuan Clan to the ground? Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha … What a joke! "
The Liyuan Clan had wanted to settle the matter with compensation. After all, Luo Zheng's body had reached the Nirvana Realm. It was indeed a special case. They didn't want to cause too much trouble.
If this matter got out of hand and the Liyuan Clan asked for a sky-high toll, it would affect the reputation of their clan.
Now that they couldn't settle the matter peacefully, the attitude of the Liyuan Clan changed.
"It's really amazing for your body to reach the Nirvana Realm. If it were other clans, they wouldn't be able to do anything to you. But the Liyuan Clan is not afraid of you."
"If you know what's good for you, go to the Twelfth Heaven."
"The Liyuan Clan has the same roots as the Abyss Spirit of the Glorious Sect Heaven. You have nothing to fear with your body."
There were also creatures in the Nirvana Realm.
The creatures of the Nirvana Realm from the First to the Fourth Celestial Layer weren't that strong. However, the higher the level, the more powerful the creatures were. Some of them even occupied a territory in the Nirvana Realm. These territories were absolutely forbidden to be trespassed as they were known as forbidden areas!
For example, the Birth Clan of the Eighth Heaven, the Rainflower Clan of the Ninth Heaven, and the Dan Clan and Xiao Clan of the Tenth Heaven.
However, the whereabouts of these races in the Paramita Realm were very secretive. They basically did not communicate with the Yang souls, and the Yang souls that wandered in the Paramita Realm did not dare to barge into their territories. They were rather mysterious.
The only exception was the Abyss Spirit Clan in the 11th Heaven!
This clan was inextricably linked to the Liyuan Clan. It was said that the Liyuan Clan was not considered a superpower during the Middle Ages, but after the Clan Leader of the Liyuan Clan stepped into the Eleventh Heaven and met the Abyss Spirit Clan, the relationship between the two clans was confirmed.
The Abyss Spirit Race recognized the Liyuan Race as one of their own. Naturally, they supported the Liyuan Race without restraint, and the entire Eleventh Heaven fell into the hands of the Liyuan Race.
It could be said that the Abyss Spirit Tribe had contributed greatly to the Liyuan Clan's development.
"Is that so …"
Luo Zheng grabbed the arm of the Liyuan clansman. The enormous sun soul was as light as a feather in Luo Zheng's hand. He tossed it out, smashing it into the wide square.
Seeing Luo Zheng directly make a move, some of the Liyuan clansmen immediately began to counterattack.
When the foreign clansmen in the queue saw this scene, they all scattered like birds and beasts.
Some people enjoyed the show, but there were also some who had faces full of worry. They had been dragged into this matter for no reason, and they could not even leave the Paramita Realm in this damned place. They could neither go up nor down, so they did not know what to do.
The Liyuan clansmen were extremely large in size, and all of them were born with divine strength. Moreover, their clan had been taught by the Abyss Spirit Clan, a Paramita Realm race. They had all cultivated a secret soul technique that could allow their sun soul's strength to explosively increase for a short period of time.
In an instant, six or seven Liyuan clansmen charged towards Luo Zheng, their terrifying soul pressure pressing down on Luo Zheng's body.
Soul spears appeared in their hands, and they stabbed towards Luo Zheng.
However, the Liyuan clansmen still underestimated Luo Zheng's physical body.
Although the soul would become stronger the more one cultivated, there was still a fundamental difference between the soul and the physical body. Moreover, Luo Zheng's physical body was far stronger than that of ordinary people.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom ….
The soul spears smashed into Luo Zheng's body like wooden arrows. As soon as they touched Luo Zheng's body, they immediately dissipated.
After a single round of attacks, Luo Zheng was still standing in place, completely unscathed.
The Liyuan clansmen stared with wide eyes. When the leader of the Liyuan clansmen saw Luo Zheng's appearance, he inwardly cursed to himself.
"My turn?"
Facing his clansmen, Luo Zheng still held back.
When he had destroyed the Youxiong clan's Divine Temple, Luo Zheng hadn't killed a single human.
However, Luo Zheng didn't feel any sympathy towards the Liyuan clansmen. In Luo Zheng's heart, these intelligent creatures were no different from wild beasts!
Swish!
Luo Zheng exerted strength in his legs, and his entire body shot out like an arrow as he leapt into the air.
When he passed by a large Liyuan clansman, he gently pressed his finger against the top of his head.
Whoosh ….
This Liyuan clansman's Yang soul instantly dissipated.
However, Luo Zheng's attacks didn't stop there. He turned around and swept towards the next person. In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had attacked four times, and the Yang souls of four Liyuan clansmen had already dissipated in Luo Zheng's hands.
"So, so strong …."
"We can't fight against him!"
"Notify the Yuanling clan and have them step in!"
The remaining Liyuan clansmen all fled, but this area had been sealed. Neither the Liyuan clansmen nor the other clansmen were able to leave the other side.
Luo Zheng didn't take advantage of his victory to pursue them. After observing for a moment, he said to the other clansmen, "You can find your own Stargate and leave this place."
Without the Liyuan clansmen obstructing them, they could naturally leave the Eleventh Layer of Heaven through the Stargate without having to pay 10,000 soul pills.
The other clansmen all revealed grateful expressions. No matter what, Luo Zheng had helped them save 10,000 soul pills. More importantly, he had taught the overbearing Liyuan clansmen a good lesson!
The Liyuan clansmen were tyrannical. Not only in the Eleventh Layer of Heaven, but they were also a tyrannical clan in the Mother World. Many smaller clansmen submitted to them.
"Friend from the human clan, thank you, but you have to be careful of those Yuanling clansmen!"
"Those Yuanling clansmen are creatures of the other side, and they also exist in the form of flesh …."
"They are very strong!"
Some clansmen who knew a little bit of inside information informed Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded and strode forward on his own.
The Liyuan clansmen hadn't just built a temple on the other side, but a huge city! Just the city walls alone were hundreds of meters tall, and the buildings inside were easily thousands of meters tall.
Soon, Luo Zheng had already arrived at the bottom of the wall. He stretched out his hand and gently pressed against the wall.
As he abruptly exerted his strength, a loud rumble sounded. The hundreds of meters tall and 100 meters wide wall directly collapsed, revealing a huge gap.

Chapter 2897
Once upon a time.
"What happened?"
"The city wall collapsed?"
"Who can destroy this wall? Could it be a Demon Beast? "
The Abyss Spirit Clan and the Liyuan Clan were not the only living beings in the 12 Heavens of the Paramita Realm.
There was an extremely powerful Nirvana Realm creature here, and it was called the Ghost Beast.
It was impossible for a Yang Soul at the eleventh heaven to destroy the city walls. The only thing that could cause such great damage was those elusive Ghost Beasts.
But when they saw Luo Zheng's figure, they were all stunned.
"What's that?"
"It seems to be a human."
"He's not in soul form. What a joke!"
When the Liyuan clansmen saw Luo Zheng's true appearance, they were filled with shock and astonishment.
This scene went against the common sense in their hearts!
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes as he slowly walked forward. He could sense the emotions of the Liyuan Tribe members.
When he walked towards a huge building, his footsteps did not change at all, but his toes directly stepped into the pillar of the building, and then his body touched the surface of the pillar.
This thick pillar couldn't stop Luo Zheng's footsteps at all. As he moved forward, it shattered with a loud bang.
Many of the Li Yuan clansmen hadn't realized the danger they were in, and they all came forward to stop them.
"I don't care which clan you're from! You're courting death! "
"No one has ever dared to offend our Liyuan Clan, let alone a mere human!"
"Are you from the You Xiong Clan?"
Luo Zheng couldn't be bothered to pay attention to these clansmen of the Liyuan Clan.
Some people who were courting death dared to approach. Luo Zheng raised his hand and lightly tapped them, shattering their Yang souls.
After killing a few Liyuan clansmen, the others didn't dare to approach.
However, the members of this race were truly valiant. Even though they knew that Luo Zheng was extremely dangerous, they didn't leave the shore. The majority of them even gathered behind Luo Zheng. Although some of them didn't dare to come forward, they still cursed and swore.
"Rumble …"
Luo Zheng passed through a huge building, which finally collapsed.
He still didn't change his direction and continued to walk towards the center of the city. If one looked down from above, they would see that Luo Zheng had drawn a straight line, and wherever this line passed, it was a mess!
It could be said that nothing could stop him!
More and more Liyuan clansmen followed behind Luo Zheng. Seeing the destruction of such a large city, their hearts were bleeding.
"Human brat! Stop tearing it down! "
"What do you want? You can ask for it!"
"…"
These people from the Liyuan Tribe weren't the people in charge of this city. He'd already asked for a hundred million soul pills, but they'd only treated him like an idiot.
Sometimes, if you don't make the other party feel pain, they won't obediently submit.
Along the way, Luo Zheng turned a deaf ear to their words!
When Luo Zheng passed through a wide road, what appeared in front of him was a huge, magnificent building.
When Luo Zheng had just entered the Fourth Heaven, he'd been very emotional when he saw the temples. He hadn't expected that the human race would be able to build such a huge building in the Paramita Realm.
But compared to this huge building in front of him, it was child's play.
"This building is very beautiful."
For the first time, Luo Zheng said something.
When the Liyuan clansmen heard this, their hearts immediately trembled.
"What, what are you thinking?!" they asked.
It was fine if Luo Zheng destroyed the outer buildings, but this building was the temple of the Liyuan Tribe. How could they allow it to be destroyed?
"Tear it down," Luo Zheng spat out.
Then, he walked towards the huge building.
"Stop him!"
"Don't let him enter the temple!"
"The temple of our Liyuan Tribe cannot be desecrated!"
The Liyuan clansmen became agitated, and quite a few of them threw themselves at Luo Zheng without any regard for their own safety.
But as soon as these people got close, they were scared out of their wits by Luo Zheng.
The Liyuan clansmen fell into despair. Would the temple really be destroyed in the hands of a human brat?
At this moment, a loud horn sounded in the distance.
"Yo!"
Outside the tall city walls, dozens of huge eagles flew towards Ao Xiang. On these eagles stood giants.
These giants looked very similar to the Liyuan Tribe. The difference was that the Liyuan Tribe's Yang Soul could only see the outline, but these giants' appearances and patterns could be seen clearly.
They were the Abyss Spirit Tribe that lived in the Paramita Realm!
"Great! The Abyss Spirit Knights are here! "
"They've finally made their move!"
"Kill this damn human brat!"
When the Liyuan clansmen saw the Abyss Spirit Knights in the sky, they were all excited. This was the backing of their Liyuan Tribe.
"Hua hua hua …"
The Abyss Spirit Knights spread their wings and flew high into the sky. They lined up and swooped down towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had destroyed so many buildings. Neither the Liyuan Tribe nor the Abyss Spirit Tribe would let him go. The Abyss Spirit Knights had the mentality of killing Luo Zheng.
"Hua!"
When the Abyss Spirit Knights were a few hundred feet away from Luo Zheng, a white bone spear appeared in their hands.
These bone spears were not weak soul spears. They were many times stronger than soul spears!
"Kill!"
All the Abyss Spirit Knights sped up, and their murderous aura filled the sky.
"How strong … are the Paramita Realm creatures?" Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes.
Although he had entered the Indigo Soul Realm, he still did not know much about the Paramita Realm.
After entering the Paramita Realm for so long, he had only seen two types of Paramita Realm creatures. One was the corpse of the Sky Weaver Spider in the Sky Sunflower Temple, and the other was the Void Beast in the temple.
He had seen two types at once. One was the Abyss Spirit Tribe, and the other was the eagles that the Abyss Spirit Tribe rode.
"Whoosh!"
The bone spear went straight for him. Luo Zheng turned over and dodged the bone spear. He twisted his hand and easily caught the bone spear in his hand.
"This power is not bad …"
"It's much stronger than a pure Sun Soul."
"But it's still far from enough to deal with me!"
While grabbing the bone spear, Luo Zheng pulled it out.
The bone spear surged in the air and made an ear-piercing sound. The end of the bone spear whipped the chest of an Abyss Spirit Knight.
"Peng!"
A mist of blood burst out from the Abyss Spirit Knight's body. The Abyss Spirit Knight was swept off the eagle's back and lay on the ground motionlessly. The eagle he rode also rolled and smashed to the ground. It could no longer fly down.
Luo Zheng turned the bone spear gently and did not stop at all. He directly smashed it into the second Abyss Spirit Knight that was charging at him.
"Bang, bang, bang, bang …"
Every time the bone spear in Luo Zheng's hand whipped out, an Abyss Spirit Knight would be smashed off the eagle's back.
The Abyss Spirit Tribe was indeed stronger than the Sun Soul Realm. However, they were only creatures of the 11th Celestial Level. In terms of pure physical strength, they were still unable to compete with Luo Zheng.
Seven or eight Abyss Spirit Knights were sent flying by Luo Zheng. The Abyss Spirit Knights behind quickly controlled the eagles to fly up.
The abyss spirits all had terrified expressions, as if they had recalled something bad.
"This guy is a Aragami?"
"Another Aragami can enter the Paramita Realm?"
"Impossible! The rules have been changed. No Aragami has been able to enter the Paramita Realm for billions of years! "

Chapter 2898
In ancient times, the masters of the mother world mainly cultivated the Aragami when they entered the Nirvana Realm. They used the Ancient God Body Refining Technique to enter the Nirvana Realm.
At that time, it was much easier to walk in the Nirvana Realm.
After all, the physical body was far stronger than the soul, and the Aragami could easily transform into thousands of feet tall. At that time, the Nirvana Realm creatures were in an extremely weak position. Some of them were even slaughtered by the Aragami.
The Abyss Spirit Clan could only hide in a corner of Yaozong Heaven.
When the Aragami came to plunder, it was a catastrophe for the Abyss Spirit Clan.
Once upon a time, the Abyss Spirit Clan was almost exterminated by the Aragami!
To the Abyss Spirit Clan, the memory at that time was not a good memory. It was their dark age.
After struggling at death's door for a long time, the Abyss Spirit Clan finally survived until the Aragami Cultivation Technique gradually declined and the rules of truth changed. Only then did the Nirvana Realm creatures become the masters.
Those who entered the Nirvana Realm were only those weak Sun Souls. How could these Sun Souls be the opponents of the Nirvana Realm creatures?
Therefore, the Nirvana Realm creatures carried out crazy revenge!
At that time, the Fourth Heaven and above was a land of death for the masters of the Nirvana Realm in the mother world. It was extremely dangerous. Anyone who entered would die because no one could resist the siege of the Nirvana Realm creatures.
This was also the reason why most races built their divine temples in the fourth heaven. Even though there were also Nirvana Realm living beings in the first to fourth heaven, the Nirvana Realm living beings here did not form a race and would not consciously attack the Yang soul.
The hatred of the Nirvana Realm creatures gradually subsided with the passage of time. As for what resolved the hatred, it was still unknown.
In short, from the Middle Ages until now, the Nirvana Realm creatures and the Sun Souls got along peacefully. Among them, there was no lack of super clans that chose to join forces with the Nirvana Realm creatures.
For example, the Abyss Spirit Clan and the Liyuan Clan had a blood relationship. That was even more natural.
After the few Liyuan Clan members who collected the "toll" escaped, they informed the higher-ups of their clan. The higher-ups of the Liyuan Clan quickly communicated with the Abyss Spirit Clan. That was why the Abyss Spirit Knights were dispatched before Luo Zheng demolished the temple.
These Abyss Spirit Knights were almost always successful. Their cultivation might not be strong, but the Sun Soul of the Nirvana Realm did not have the ability to resist. However, they were still in the dark and did not expect that they were facing a body!
This scene naturally evoked fear in their hearts …
No one from that era would want to return to that era.
Those who had heard of that era were also filled with fear towards that era.
If there were a large number of corporeal bodies that could step onto the Nirvana Realm, it would undoubtedly be the descent of darkness for them.
"Aragami?"
A playful smile appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
In the entire Chaos, only those at the bottom of the Chaos could cultivate the Aragami. Moreover, none of them could reach the Nirvana Realm with the Ancient God Body Refining Technique. Luo Zheng had reached the Nirvana Realm, but he had never tried to activate his Aragami body. "So this is the Aragami you are talking about?"
"Hua hua hua …"
In an instant, Luo Zheng's body grew to over ten thousand feet tall.
Even the Abyss Spirit Knights sitting on the backs of eagles had to look up to them.
The Abyss Spirit Knights looked at the expanding Luo Zheng and their faces turned pale. The eagles they were sitting on also became restless.
"You are indeed a cultivator of the Aragami!"
"I heard from my grandfather that this guy can really become so huge!"
"I'm afraid he's over ten thousand feet tall?"
The Abyss Spirit Clansmen opened their mouths wide and looked at Luo Zheng in a daze.
At this time, it was not only the Abyss Spirit Knights who were shocked. There were also many Sun Souls of the Liyuan Clan in the city.
When the Liyuan Clan saw the arrival of the Abyss Spirit Knights, their morale was greatly boosted.
The Sun Souls of the Liyuan Clan had heard a lot about the power of the Abyss Spirit Knights, but no one had seen them. This was because no one dared to cause trouble in the Eleventh Heaven over the years. Even if they did, it would be difficult to alarm the Abyss Spirit Knights!
Who would have thought that such a powerful Abyss Spirit Knight would be so weak in the hands of Luo Zheng?
They were all depressed, shocked, and puzzled. When they saw Luo Zheng's body expand to such an extent in the blink of an eye, the Sun Souls exuded an aura of extreme fear. The more timid Sun Souls directly retreated from the Nirvana Realm.
However, more Sun Souls refused to leave.
"Oh my god, was this human sent by the heavens to destroy our Liyuan Clan?"
"Our Liyuan Clan has occupied the Eleventh Heaven for so many years. Are our good days coming to an end?"
"From the looks of it … the temple can't be saved."
In a corner of this large city, the Sun Soul of the Liyuan Clan who had previously extorted Luo Zheng also saw Luo Zheng's huge figure. His face was filled with fear. At this moment, he finally understood where Luo Zheng's confidence came from, and it was too late for regrets in his heart.
"One hundred million soul pills … asking him to leave is not expensive!"
"One hundred million soul pills!"
"Give it to him!"
The Sun Soul seemed to have lost its mind, and as it chanted, it rushed into the temple.
In the square outside the city, there were many outsiders who also saw the giant figure rising in the city. Luo Zheng's body was too huge, and it was difficult for them not to notice him.
"That's … a human?"
"Look at that figure, it seems to be that person just now!"
"How did this person become so huge?"
Although these outsiders knew that Luo Zheng wanted to wreak havoc in the Liyuan Clan, they never expected that Luo Zheng would use an almost unparalleled method …
In front of Luo Zheng, the temple that was not very tall only reached his calves. It was as if he could trample the entire temple into pieces by lifting his leg. However, only Luo Zheng knew that he was just using his connections to intimidate others.
Although Luo Zheng had absorbed a large number of desolate bones, the limit of his gigantification was far more than ten thousand feet.
However, the strength of the Aragami was nothing compared to the power of the Nirvana Realm. After all, the Aragami only targeted True Gods. As for Luo Zheng, when he was a perfected True God, he only had the strength of a Divine Jun at his full strength.
The Aragami of ancient times had entered the Nirvana Realm using the Ancient God Body Tempering Technique. They cultivated the True Meaning of the Divine Body, and similarly, they could fuse with the Nirvana Realm token.
However, Luo Zheng's nature was very special. He had not cultivated the True Meaning of the Divine Body, so he did not know how his body could fuse with the Nirvana Realm token, or if he could do so.
At this moment, three more eagles flew in from outside the city.
On the back of the eagles sat three elders from the Abyss Spirit Clan. These three elders had lived for an unknown period of time. Their tall bodies had shrunk by half. Compared to the Abyss Spirit Knights, they were considered dwarfs.
The three elders floated in front of Luo Zheng. The white-haired elder from the Abyss Spirit Clan said, "Human, why did you destroy our city and our temple for no reason?"

Chapter 2899
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Compromise
Luo Zheng's voice reverberated in the air like thunder, causing the scalps of the Sun Souls to go numb.
When the three elders of the Abyss Spirit Clan heard Luo Zheng's words, they looked at each other.
They looked very calm on the surface, but their hearts were filled with worry.
If Luo Zheng had come to find trouble for no reason, they would be in big trouble this time. If there was a reason, the situation would be different. Things that could be easily solved by negotiation.
"Friend from the Human Clan, please wait for a moment. I will ask the Liyuan Clan." The leading elder cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng.
Soon after, the eagle under his feet quickly descended and charged into the temple without consulting anyone.
After the time it took to burn a stick of incense, the elder rode the eagle back to Luo Zheng. He said with a calm expression, "I apologize for what the Liyuan Clan did to you. They broke the rules. We will pay 100 million Soul Elixirs."
100 million Soul Elixirs was only a toll for 10,000 people. The Liyuan Clan could easily pay it.
The damage Luo Zheng had caused to this big city was more than 100 million Soul Elixirs. Moreover, if they did not pay 100 million Soul Elixirs, they would have to pay a higher price.
The elder was worried that Luo Zheng would go back on his word. After all, they did not have any room to bargain.
"Send it to the Human Clan's Star Ring in the 12th Heaven. 100 million Soul Elixirs will be exchanged for 100 Soul Crystals," Luo Zheng said.
The three elders of the Abyss Spirit Clan naturally accepted Luo Zheng's conditions without any objections.
Luo Zheng's figure slowly shrank to the size of a normal person.
Just as he was about to leave, the elder of the Abyss Spirit Clan asked, "Friend from the Human Clan …"
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng turned his head and raised his eyebrows.
"As far as I know, the Ancient God Body Refining Technique has lost its effect and cut off the path to the other side. How did you enter this place?" the elder asked.
This was probably the elder's biggest doubt. He did not believe that anyone could go against the Truth. The Truth was the standard of the entire Chaos and was greater than everything. If Luo Zheng had really surpassed the Truth, he would be an existence above the Chaos Ancient Gods. It was impossible for him to only have this little cultivation.
"I … don't know," Luo Zheng said with a smile. "Even if I did know, I probably wouldn't tell you."
The elder of the Abyss Spirit Clan The elder of the Abyss Spirit Clan smiled awkwardly. He could only watch as Luo Zheng left.
There were many people from the Liyuan Clan on both sides of the road. They looked at Luo Zheng, their eyes were full of fear.
What the Liyuan Family didn't know was that they weren't the first superpower to suffer a loss in Luo Zheng's hands. You Xiong Family had suffered a lot before.
Outside the city, Luo Zheng stepped into the Human Clan's star ring and entered the Twelfth Heaven.
Ling Shuang had been waiting here for a long time. When she saw Luo Zheng walk out, she immediately heaved a sigh of relief.
This time, Luo Zheng was not fighting against the You Xiong Clan, but the Liyuan Clan. The Liyuan Clan had the support of the Abyss Spirit Clan, a Nirvana Realm clan.
"How is it?" Ling Shuang asked.
"Wait here. Someone should be coming soon," Luo Zheng replied.
"Wait for what …" Ling Shuang blinked and asked.
"A hundred spirit crystals." Luo Zheng shrugged.
Ling Shuang was slightly shocked. "You really want them to pay a hundred times? They are willing? You didn't tear down their temple again, did you? "
Ling Shuang had just experienced how overbearing the Liyuan Clan was. If they wanted to force such a superpower to submit, they would probably have to tear down their temple.
"Almost. They agreed before I could tear it down," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Although Luo Zheng did not explain the process, Ling Shuang could roughly guess that even if he did not tear down their temple, he probably did a lot of damage.
This guy was just like what Granny had said. If Luo Zheng could successfully cross the Sea of Truth, he would probably be able to do whatever he wanted in the Nirvana Realm. But now, this guy was not doing whatever he wanted. He was simply lawlessly tearing down other people's houses everywhere he went …
The two of them waited near the star ring for more than two hours. Then, a Yang Soul appeared beside the star ring and walked towards Luo Zheng.
There was only one physical body in the Nirvana Realm. Luo Zheng was naturally an extremely conspicuous existence.
"The Liyuan Clan entrusted me to deliver a hundred spirit crystals to you," the person said politely. He took out small cylinders from his Sumeru Ring. These cylinders all had spirit crystals sealed inside. There were a total of a hundred of them, which was exactly a hundred spirit crystals.
Luo Zheng took these spirit crystals and casually threw them to Ling Shuang behind him. At the same time, he asked, "The Liyuan Clan gave so many spirit crystals to you. Aren't they afraid that you will run away?"
The person smiled and said, "Of course not. I am in the Liyuan Clan. How can I run away?"
Luo Zheng shrugged noncommittally. The Liyuan Clan was a superpower. Other than their own clan, there should be a small number of outsiders serving them.
After handing over the spirit crystals, the person stepped into the star ring and returned to the eleventh heaven.
After Luo Zheng's soul returned to the Nirvana Realm, he did not stay in the twelfth heaven. Instead, he directly entered the star ring and continued to the thirteenth heaven.
…
The thirteenth heaven was called the Void Bright Heaven. It was the last heaven in the Color Realm and also the most important heaven in this realm.
Most Yang Souls would stay here to search for the most suitable Nirvana token for themselves.
The Void Bright Heaven had never disappointed the many creatures in the Mother World. Even now, there were still many secrets in the Void Bright Heaven that had not been unraveled. There were also many temples that had not been set foot in.
However, the thirteenth heaven was also the most dangerous heaven in the Color Realm. There were as many as six or seven Nirvana Realm races living in it alone. This did not include some Nirvana Realm creatures that had not formed a race. They were equally powerful and dangerous.
Once, there were a few major powers in the Mother World that wanted to imitate the Liyuan Clan and control the thirteenth heaven. In the end, they all failed. The Nirvana Realm races inside were constantly attacking each other. How could they let the Yang Souls rule the world?
"I thought the thirteenth heaven would be very barren. I didn't expect it to be so lively here." After Luo Zheng arrived at the thirteenth heaven, what he saw was poles apart from what he had imagined.
The star rings used by the various races for ascension were placed haphazardly. Other races could be seen everywhere. They got along very well with each other. There were no disputes.
Since these Yang Souls could set foot in the thirteenth heaven, they had basically cultivated the Indigo Soul or were only a step away from it.
"You should know that the thirteenth heaven gathers the elite disciples of all the races in the Mother World. Naturally, there are many Indigo Souls here," Ling Shuang replied.
Although it was her first time here, she was already used to this.
Ling Shuang led Luo Zheng past the haphazardly placed star rings. She led him all the way to the south and saw a single-story building.
"It's really here," Ling Shuang said.

Chapter 2900
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
The Spreading Dark Domain
This stronghold was naturally not as heavily guarded as the Divine Temple. There were no guards at the entrance.
However, as soon as Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang stepped in, someone came forward to welcome them.
"Princess Ling Shuang, we're finally here." The person bowed to Ling Shuang and at the same time, cupped his hands to Luo Zheng. "Brother Luo Zheng."
Ling Shuang had communicated with Song Feiyu beforehand. Song Feiyu had been waiting here for a long time.
Luo Zheng recognized this person's voice. It was Song Feiyu. He responded, "Brother Feiyu!"
In the Seven Mountains Party, Song Feiyu had performed well and led Taiyi Mountain to second place.
However, in Luo Zheng's mind, Song Feiyu's talent was still inferior to Feng Ge, Mo Yijian, and the others.
As the leader of Taiyi Mountain's disciples, this person naturally had his own strengths.
Song Feiyu's Sun Soul was very unique. The Sun Soul's body had already entered the Indigo Soul Level. It shone with a purple brilliance. Behind the Sun Soul were three small souls. These souls looked exactly like Song Feiyu, but they were only the size of a palm.
Luo Zheng stared at him for a while. Song Feiyu sensed it and the three souls behind Song Feiyu gently floated over.
"Brother Luo Zheng, are you curious about me?"
"This is a split soul."
"Every soul is an individual," Li Yundong said.
These small souls floated in front of Luo Zheng and each of them said something. Their voices were all Song Feiyu's and sounded very strange.
"Senior Brother Song, your split souls are so fun." Ling Shuang laughed when she saw this scene.
Although she already knew that Song Feiyu's soul had split into three, Song Feiyu had always been active in the Thirteenth Heaven. It was also her first time seeing these three split souls.
"Why did Brother Feiyu split his soul?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Before Song Feiyu could say anything, Ling Shuang had already answered on his behalf, "Because Senior Brother Song's Nirvana Token is a four-body combination, and it's a descending type."
Song Feiyu's Nirvana Realm tokens were four clay figurines. After arriving in the mother world, each of the clay figurines could freely take shape. The three divided souls could think independently and control the other three clay figurines independently.
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded.
Some outstanding Nirvana Realm tokens were indeed worthy of his cooperation with the Art of Soul Division.
"Let's go! I'll take you guys to familiarize yourself with this area, "Song Feiyu said.
The reason he was waiting for Ling Shuang here was to act as a guide. After all, the Thirteenth Heaven was the final layer of the Color Realm. It was very different from the other regions.
After leaving this simple stronghold, Song Feiyu said as he led the way, "The 13th Heaven is completely different from the 12th Heaven below."
As he spoke, the "little Song Feiyu" behind him flew in front of Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang and turned into a round pancake.
"From the First Heaven to the Twelfth Heaven, they are all circular. The star rings are also randomly distributed in this circle. It's very scattered. Only the Eleventh Heaven is a special case because of the Liyuan Clan. You guys probably already know that," Song Feiyu said.
Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng nodded at the same time. The Liyuan Clan was probably still in chaos now.
"But the Thirteenth Heaven is long and narrow." Song Feiyu's finger shook gently, and a piece of the round pancake was bitten off, leaving only a thin strip in the middle. "The star rings of all the races in the mother world are gathered on this end, and the road to the Desire Realm is on the other end."
Song Feiyu's explanation was very vivid. Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang instantly understood.
"Why is the Thirteenth Heaven shaped like this?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Song Feiyu smiled and said, "Actually … the Thirteenth Heaven itself is also circular, but the two areas are both dark areas, shrouded in darkness. If you rashly enter, you will only fall into endless darkness. Moreover, the dark areas are still expanding step by step. If one day the two dark areas are connected to each other, I'm afraid the road to the Desire Realm will be completely closed."
When Luo Zheng heard about the dark areas, his heart suddenly moved slightly.
He had obtained the candle that caused the underwater whirlpool in the Sea of Truth. Luo Zheng could not feel the existence of the Paramita Power from the candle, but 9527 asked Luo Zheng to keep it well. At the same time, he told him that the candle was a necessary item to enter the dark areas.
According to 9527, Luo Zheng did not need the candle for the time being. After reaching the Fourth Heaven and obtaining the Sumeru Ring, Luo Zheng threw the candles in the corner.
"It's just as you think. To enter the dark areas, you need the candle," 9527 answered directly when he heard Song Feiyu's introduction.
"There is a dark area in the Thirteenth Heaven?" Luo Zheng asked.
"This is the first time I've heard of it," 9527 said. "The dark areas used to only exist in the highest few heavens, but the dark areas themselves can spread. It is estimated that they have only invaded the Thirteenth Heaven in recent years."
Song Feiyu continued, "There are generally only two purposes for creatures who enter the Thirteenth Heaven. One is to get a better Paramita token, and the other is to go to the Desire Realm. I wonder if Your Highness Ling Shuang and Brother Luo Zheng want to go to the Desire Realm, or to get a Paramita token?"
In Song Feiyu's view, these two were the pride of the Heavenly Palace. With their talent, they should have integrated a good Paramita token in the Fourth Heaven. Their purpose was most likely to go to the Desire Realm.
But Luo Zheng's answer exceeded Song Feiyu's expectations, "I need a Paramita token, one that is suitable for the Dao of Nature."
Song Feiyu had seen Luo Zheng's strength during the Seven Mountains Party. Luo Zheng could lift an enormous rock by himself. He should have integrated a strengthening-type Paramita token. Song Feiyu chuckled, "So it seems that Brother Luo Zheng has dual cultivated the True Meaning of Dao."
It was rare to see someone dual cultivating the True Meaning of Dao at this stage. Most would only choose to cultivate the second True Meaning of Dao after reaching the Chaotic Origin Realm in order to pursue greater strength.
Song Feiyu naturally did not know that Luo Zheng was not dual cultivating but triple cultivating.
"Since Brother Luo Zheng needs a Paramita token, you can either explore the Deity Temple or participate in the auction of the Rats," Song Feiyu suggested.
"The Rats are referring to the Eared Rat Clan?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Right," Song Feiyu answered.
The Eared Rats were greedy. Even though the Eared Rat Clan was powerful and had revitalized the trade in the Paramita Realm, other races still called them Rats. Naturally, there was disdain in their words.
Luo Zheng had long heard that the Eared Rat Clan monopolized the trade in the entire Paramita Realm. But after entering the Fourth Heaven, he had only toured around the Deity Temple. He did not touch other regions of the Paramita Realm and did not interact with other races.
Hearing Song Feiyu's words, Luo Zheng became interested.
Just the 100 Soul Crystals he got from the Li Yuan Clan were worth 100 Million Soul Pills. Furthermore, he had plundered even more Soul Crystals from the You Xiong Clan.
If the Eared Rat Clan could auction off some precious Paramita Tokens, it would save him the trouble of personally searching for them.
"Then we will have to trouble Senior Disciple Brother Song to bring us over to have a look." Ling Shuang directly said from the side.

Chapter 2901
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Sale
Under Song Feiyu's lead, the three of them headed north for a short distance before they saw a short building.
In front of the building, there were many foreign tribes gathered, as if they were waiting for something.
Song Feiyu walked over alone to ask around, then came back to Luo Zheng and said, "There's still about two hours before the auction starts. Looks like we have to wait here."
"Luo Zheng, since the Eared Mouse Clan is hosting the auction, they should be buying Nirvana Realm tokens. You can sell your Nirvana Realm tokens to them," Ling Shuang suddenly reminded him.
As she said that, Luo Zheng remembered that he still had a large number of Nirvana Realm tokens in his hands.
These Nirvana Realm tokens were treasures of the You Xiong Clan, and they were worth a lot.
After Luo Zheng took it away, he also checked the other Nirvana Realm tokens one by one. Although every Nirvana Realm token was not bad, they were not particularly suitable for Luo Zheng.
Now that Luo Zheng had integrated two Nirvana Realm tokens, the Mighty God Totem and the Mind's Eye had their own uses, he had to be very careful when integrating the last Nirvana Realm token.
Selling off these Nirvana tokens would be the best choice.
"These rats will naturally buy Nirvana Realm tokens, but they are very picky. If ordinary Nirvana Realm tokens are not good enough for them, I'll bring Brother Luo Zheng over," Song Feiyu said.
From Song Feiyu's point of view, this was the first time Luo Zheng had stepped into the Thirteenth Heaven. During the Seven Mountains Meeting, Luo Zheng's Yang Soul had yet to reach the Indigo Soul Level, and he was at most at the Fourth Heaven. In such a short time, Luo Zheng should not be able to produce a good Nirvana Realm token.
Of course, he did not know that Luo Zheng's Nirvana Realm tokens were all snatched …
"Senior Song, let's not trouble you. Luo Zheng can go by himself," Ling Shuang stopped him.
Luo Zheng had caused such a big ruckus in the Fourth Heaven, and Song Feiyu must have heard about it. If Luo Zheng took out hundreds of Nirvana Realm tokens to auction, Song Feiyu would definitely see through his identity.
Although Lingshuang trusted Song Feiyu, she didn't want to expose Luo Zheng's identity.
Song Feiyu felt a little strange, but he didn't say anything. He just pointed the way for Luo Zheng.
According to Song Feiyu's instructions, Luo Zheng walked around the short building and found another entrance.
As soon as he entered, he heard a shrill voice.
"Squeak … Human, are you planning to sell the Nirvana Token in your hands?" Not far away, a mouse half the height of a human paced over.
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied.
"Squeak squeak, just follow me," the Ear Mouse said.
The Ear Mouse led Luo Zheng into a low house. After entering, Luo Zheng almost had to bow and walk forward.
There were two other Ear Mice in the low house. After seeing Luo Zheng, they greeted him. One of them said, "You can present the Nirvana token in your hand. However, we have to make it clear that we, the Ear Mice, will not accept any kind of trash. If your Nirvana token is below the top grade, we will not take it out."
"Top grade? The Nirvana tokens are divided into grades? "Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
The Three-eared Mice glanced at each other when they saw Luo Zheng's expression.
This human kid didn't even know the grade of the Nirvana token and wanted to sell it to them. Was he playing with them?
The Ear Mouse that led Luo Zheng in pointed at the door and said, "If you don't even know this, please leave. We are very busy. Squeak …" The Ear Mouse's tone became unfriendly.
Luo Zheng really didn't know how the Nirvana tokens were divided into grades.
In his mind, the Nirvana tokens were divided according to the place where they were obtained. The Nirvana tokens of the Second Heaven were better than those of the First Heaven, while the Nirvana tokens of the Thirteenth Heaven were better than those of the Twelfth Heaven.
However, although this method of division was intuitive, it was actually not strict. Although the Nirvana tokens of the First Heaven were generally average, there was a very small probability of obtaining a high-quality one. For example, Luo Zheng's Mind's Eye could not be called a "Nirvana token of the First Heaven."
Seeing that the other party was about to drive him away, Luo Zheng felt helpless. He stretched out his hand and a square box appeared at his fingertips. A Nirvana token fell out from the Sumeru Ring. "Sorry, I really don't know how to distinguish the grades of the Nirvana tokens. I hope you can enlighten me."
The Nirvana token that Luo Zheng took out was an animal skull with two sharp horns and an extraordinary aura.
The Three Ear Mice's eyes lit up slightly when they saw the skull.
"A salted cow skull of the Fifth Heaven?"
"It's a top grade one. Squeak."
"We can accept it. Squeak."
The Three Ear Mice said in unison.
Luo Zheng took the opportunity to ask the Three Ear Mice how the grades of the Nirvana tokens should be divided.
"You don't even know the grades of the Nirvana tokens. How did you cultivate to the Indigo Soul Grade? What a strange human. Squeak … Nirvana tokens are generally divided into six grades: low-low-grade, low-grade, middle-grade, high-grade, high-high-grade, and super-grade." One of the Three Ear Mice helplessly taught Luo Zheng a lesson.
Naturally, the higher the grade of the Nirvana tokens in the same layer of heaven, the more expensive they were. However, if they were all high-grade, the price of a high-grade Nirvana token in the Thirteenth Heaven would naturally exceed that of a high-grade one in the Twelfth Heaven.
"A salted cow skull of the Fifth Heaven is worth 100,000 soul pills. I wonder if you can accept it." The Three Ear Mouse who inspected the skull offered a price.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Here are 100,000 soul pills. You can leave now." The Three Ear Mouse took out 300,000 soul pills from the Sumeru Ring and handed them to Luo Zheng.
After selling one Nirvana token, Luo Zheng did not want to leave.
He took out another one from the Sumeru Ring.
"I think it's a Zither Flower Seed from the Sixth Heaven. It's a high-grade, 120,000 soul pills …"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded again.
Just when the Three Ear Mouse thought that Luo Zheng could finally leave, Luo Zheng took out another Nirvana token.
The Three Ear Mouse was speechless. They only thought that Luo Zheng was a casual customer who did not have anything good in his hands. However, they were still quite depressed when he took them out one by one. One of the Three Ear Mice said, "How many Nirvana tokens do you want to sell? Can you take them all out at once? We, the Three Ear Mice, have been operating in the Nirvana Realm for many years and have a good reputation. We won't embezzle you. "
Under the Three Ear Mice's gaze, Luo Zheng shook out the Nirvana tokens from the Sumeru Ring one by one.
At first, the Three Ear Mice did not think much of it. However, they soon found something unusual. The worst of the Nirvana tokens in Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring were all high-grade, and there were even one or two high-grade ones among them!
When Luo Zheng took out more than ten Nirvana tokens, they were still able to accept it.
When there were as many as fifty or sixty Nirvana tokens, the Three Ear Mice's eyes were full of shock.
"This kid doesn't even know the grades. Where did he get so many high-grade Nirvana tokens?"
"He has all of them from the First Heaven to the Thirteenth Heaven! Did this brat rob some superpower's Divine Temple? "
"What the hell? I've been buying Nirvana tokens for so many years, and I've never seen anyone sell them like this …"
The Three Ear Mice looked at the Nirvana tokens piled up into a small hill and made all kinds of guesses.

Chapter 2902
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Collecting stolen goods
As Luo Zheng's Nirvana Realm tokens increased, they took up almost half of the space in the small room.
"Upper upper grade! There are actually upper upper grades! "
"There are a total of three Nirvana Realm tokens on the thirteenth floor. Two of them are upper grade, and one of them is upper upper grade!"
As Indigo Soul Level, these Ear Mice's combat power was not strong, but they were all cunning.
While they were shocked, they quickly realized that something was wrong.
The Three Ear Mice looked at each other, and one of them quietly retreated from the back door.
Although Luo Zheng was busy taking out the Nirvana Realm tokens, part of his attention was also on these Ear Mice.
Seeing that the Ear Mouse left quietly, Luo Zheng's face showed a casual smile.
This Ear Mouse probably went to find out about the origins of these Nirvana Realm tokens.
The remaining two Ear Mice began to help Luo Zheng evaluate the value of these Nirvana Realm tokens.
They were both upper grade Nirvana Realm tokens, but the thirteenth level was more valuable than the twelfth level.
Just now, the upper grade Salted Cow Skull from the fifth level could only be sold for 100,000 Soul Elixirs, but the upper grade from the thirteenth level was sold for 2.5 million Soul Elixirs. And the upper upper grade from the thirteenth level was sold for nearly 22 million Soul Elixirs!
"Squeak squeak, we usually don't accept this Third Level Heaven token. It's worth 50,000 Soul Elixirs, we'll take it …"
"The upper grade Nirvana Realm token of the first level is worth 8,000 Soul Elixirs …"
The two Ear Mice kept on evaluating, and even commented on these Nirvana Realm tokens.
Luo Zheng knew that they were stalling for time, but he was not in a hurry.
The Ear Mice were very well-informed, so they should be able to find out what happened to the You Xiong Clan soon.
Not long after, the mouse that had just left returned. After glancing at Luo Zheng, it squeaked twice and said at the same time, "I have something to discuss with them. Can you wait here for me?"
"Sure," Luo Zheng nodded and sat aside peacefully.
The Three-Eared Mouse left the house with his two colleagues, and the Three-Eared Mice began to discuss among themselves.
"I've found out that the temple of the You Xiong Clan was destroyed a few days ago!"
"The temple was destroyed?"
"Who has such great ability?"
The Two-eared Mouse had a puzzled look on his face.
"Not only was the temple destroyed, but the soul crystal that the You Xiong Clan had kept for many years was also stolen. The Nirvana Token was also taken away. Furthermore, the You Xiong Clan had warned us, the Ear Mouse, that if we found that batch of stolen goods, we were not to buy them," the Ear Mouse said seriously.
Two-Eared Mouse wasn't interested in You Xiong Family's warning. You Xiong Family was indeed the most powerful family among all human beings, but Two-Eared Mouse had made too many enemies in the past few years. If You Xiong Family truly wanted this batch of tokens, You Xiong Family could do nothing about it.
"I want to know who has such great ability to destroy You Xiong Clan's divine temple." One Ear Mouse asked. This kind of thing didn't make sense.
"Hehe, the one who destroyed the You Xiong Clan's Divine Temple was a single person. Moreover, this person destroyed the Li Yuan Clan's Eleventh Layer of Heaven, and almost destroyed the Divine Temple as well."
Two-eared Mouse's eyes widened.
"You … Did you hear wrongly?"
"That's just a single person?"
You Xiong Clan was considered an extremely powerful family of humans, and the Li Yuan Clan was one of the top superpowers in the Mother World. The Li Yuan Clan dominated the Eleventh Layer of Heaven, and they even had the support of the Abyss Spirit Clan. It was very difficult for Two-Eared Mouse to gather information.
Two-Eared Mouse shook his head at the same time, indicating that he wouldn't believe such a ridiculous thing.
"No matter how powerful an Indigo Soul of the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven is, it's impossible for him to do such a thing."
"Yes, there's a limit to the Indigo Soul's power in the Color World. Moreover, this kind of thing is difficult even for the top powerhouses in the Desire World."
Seeing Two-Eared Mouse's disbelief, the Ear Mouse revealed the truth. "Because this person isn't a soul, but a physical body."
"Physical body! That makes sense, but … "
"How can a physical body enter the Nirvana Realm?"
This news shocked Two-Eared Mouse even more.
With the strength of a physical body, it was indeed possible to run amok in the Nirvana Realm. Those ridiculous things before had a reasonable explanation, but a physical body entering the Nirvana Realm sounded even more ridiculous …
"Whether you believe it or not, this is the news." That Ear Mouse was a little impatient.
The Ear Mouse Clan was good at analyzing and collecting information. If it was fake news, it would be impossible for it to reach their level.
"So, should we take this kid's Nirvana Token or not?" One of the Ear Mice asked.
The Ear Mouse who inquired about the news thought for a moment, then said, "Take it!"
Even if they bought this batch of stolen goods, the probability of You Xiong Clan finding out was not high. Even if they found out, they could quibble. The most important thing was that offending You Xiong Clan was not too big of a trouble.
The person who was selling the Nirvana Token in front of them must be inextricably linked to that physical body.
He was the guy who overturned the Li Yuan Clan with his own strength!
If they really offended this guy, their Ear Mouse Clan would not be able to stay in the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven anymore.
The creed of the Ear Mouse Clan was to maximize the benefits. They did not have any concept of good or evil.
Three-Eared Mouse sorted out his emotions and returned to the low room. His attitude towards Luo Zheng was even more amiable.
All the Ear Mice calculated the total price. This batch of Nirvana Tokens was worth about sixty million Soul Dans.
Hearing this number, Luo Zheng was slightly disappointed.
So many Nirvana Tokens were only worth sixty million Soul Dans, which was equivalent to sixty Soul Crystals?
However, these Nirvana Tokens were useless to him. When it was time to sell, Luo Zheng did not hesitate.
"Alright, exchange these Soul Dans for sixty Soul Crystals and pay me," said Luo Zheng.
"Exchange for Soul Crystals?"
Three-Eared Mouse shook his head at the same time.
"Not one million Soul Dans for one Soul Crystal?" said Luo Zheng strangely.
Unexpectedly, one of the Ear Mice laughed and said, "Squeak, Soul Crystals are too rare. They are originally priceless items. We Ear Mice will not exchange for them with Soul Dans."
Currently, Soul Crystals were extremely scarce in the entire Nirvana Realm. Those super forces had countless clansmen to feed, so they could not spare any more Soul Crystals. Therefore, the price of Soul Crystals had skyrocketed. Now, it had reached the price of one million Soul Dans for one Soul Crystal.
However, it was still priceless!
Most clans would not be stupid enough to exchange it for Soul Dans.
Therefore, it was not that those Nirvana Tokens were worthless. Sixty million Soul Dans was still a considerable amount. It was just that Soul Crystals were too rare.
At that time, the Li Yuan Clan was completely forced by Luo Zheng. They endured the heartache and took out a hundred Soul Crystals. As for the You Xiong Clan's temple, it was easy to imagine how they felt when Luo Zheng emptied it.
Luo Zheng did not insist on the Ear Mice paying with Soul Crystals. They were also doing business.

Chapter 2903
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Mitian Temple
Just as Luo Zhao was about to leave, one of the Ear Mice asked politely, "Sir, please wait a moment."
Luo Zheng stopped and looked at the Ear Mouse. "What's the matter?"
"What's your relationship with the body that broke into the Nirvana Realm?" the Ear Mouse asked.
After the Ear Mice heard the news, they became even more attentive to him. Luo Zheng knew that they knew something.
He didn't expect them to ask him directly.
Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "I'm his spokesperson."
This was one of the benefits of being in the Nirvana Realm. No one could see each other's faces clearly. As long as they didn't admit it personally, it would be difficult to identify them as the same person.
Ling Shuang was also involved in the attack on the You Xiong Temple.
Even though the You Xiong Clan knew that Luo Zheng was related to the Heavenly Palace in countless ways, the Heavenly Palace denied it. Thus, the You Xiong Clan couldn't pin the blame on the Heavenly Palace.
After leaving, Luo Zheng walked around the short building.
Ling Shuang and Song Feiyu were still waiting in front of the gate.
"He's here!" Ling Shuang saw Luo Zheng walking over and waved his hand. "The auction has started. Let's hurry up!"
Luo Zheng nodded and the three of them entered the gate.
Compared to the short building behind, the auction house was built with a lot of extravagance.
Most of the other superpowers only had a small stronghold in the Thirteenth Heaven, but the Ear Mice's was built on a much larger scale.
The spacious venue was arranged very tightly. It was obvious that the Ear Mice had taken the sizes of the superpowers into consideration. After all, some of them were more than a hundred feet tall, while others were as small as a palm.
When the three of them entered, the auction had already started.
The Ear Mouse on the stage was vividly introducing a Nirvana Token from the Ninth Heaven. This token was a high grade one, and the starting price was two hundred thousand Soul Pellets.
Luo Zheng had just sold a pile of high grade Nirvana Tokens, so he wasn't interested in the one being auctioned.
Many of the Nirvana Tokens were bidding. They might not have any use for these tokens, but once they accumulated a certain amount, they could send them back to the temple in the Fourth Heaven.
After a round of bidding, this Nirvana Token was taken away by a Nirvana Token.
The Ear Mouse then auctioned a few more Nirvana Tokens. They were all of the high grade Nirvana Tokens with different prices. While Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang were still looked on and didn't, Ling Shuang..
On the contrary, Song Feiyu had bid a few times and kept a Nirvana token of the eleventh level of heaven into his pocket. Obviously, he was not doing it for his own use.
After a dozen high grade Nirvana Tokens, a high grade Nirvana Token was Token Translation Tokens was was was was Was Was Translation??
It could be seen that even though Song Feiyu was quite interested in this high-grade Paramita Talisman, the price of a high-grade Paramita Talisman was too high. Tens of millions of soul elixirs were not something Song Feiyu could personally afford.
"Brother Feiyu, I see that the Eared Mouse Clan is only auctioning upper-grade and upper-grade Nirvana Realm Tokens. I wonder if they have any transcendent-grade items for sale?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng wasn't particularly clear about the grades of the two Nirvana tokens he carried.
He had two Mind's Eye. Previously, Luo Zheng wanted to sell the remaining two, but now that Luo Zheng didn't lack Soul Pills, he gave up on this idea. There were only 19 Mind's Eye in total in the Eye Demon Clan. Its value was self-evident, but it was hard to say what grade it was.
The Totem of Mighty God was taken out from the temple, and the storage of the Heavenly Palace should be no weaker than that of the You Xiong Family. It should be a top-grade Nirvana Token.
"Superior-grade Nirvana Realm Token …"
When Song Feiyu heard Luo Zheng mention this grade, he laughed dryly and said, "There are very few Transcendental Nirvana Realm tokens that can be excavated in the Color Realm. This kind of Nirvana Realm token is basically impossible to be auctioned. Even if someone wants to sell it, it is impossible to trade it with soul elixir. It can only be settled with soul crystals."
The transcendent-grade Nirvana Realm Token was a priceless item, and so was the soul crystal. It was normal for a priceless item to be a priceless item.
"Then it looks like I came to this auction for nothing," Luo Zheng said helplessly.
"Oh? Brother Luo Zheng hasn't bid yet. So you don't like it? "Song Feiyu asked.
Song Feiyu didn't know Luo Zheng's hidden identity in the Nirvana Realm. He only knew that he was an excellent disciple of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. When he saw that Luo Zheng hadn't bid yet, he thought he was embarrassed.
On the side, Ling Shuang pursed her lips and smiled. If Luo Zheng revealed his true worth, Song Feiyu would be shocked.
However, if Luo Zheng revealed his true worth, Ling Shuang would be shocked too. After all, the wealth of Jiuli was a huge number.
"It's not that I don't like it. It's just that I haven't found one that suits me," Luo Zheng answered.
The Nirvana Realm tokens on the stage were auctioned off one after another. Luo Zheng finally made a few bids.
He had no use for these Nirvana Realm tokens, but Mu Ning, Xun, and Han Liusu had entered the Nirvana Realm and needed to bear the Nirvana Realm tokens. He could prepare them in advance.
"Today's Nirvana Realm tokens have been auctioned off. Next, we will auction the Nirvana Key of the Temple of Heaven!" The Ear Mouse's voice became louder.
Luo Zheng clearly felt that when the Ear Mouse said "Temple of Heaven", the Yang souls of the foreign races emitted a trace of aura. Obviously, they valued the Nirvana Key very much.
"Temple of Heaven … Is it the temple that Brother Tianqi once explored?" Ling Shuang suddenly asked.
The "Brother Tianqi" that Ling Shuang mentioned was called Yuan Tianqi. He was once a young talent of Taiyi Mountain. Now, he had left the Color Realm and entered the Desire Realm. He was already an outstanding figure in the Land of Sword Grief.
Back then, Yuan Tianqi had obtained a transcendent-grade Nirvana Realm token from the Temple of Heaven. This transcendent-grade Nirvana Realm token from the 13th Layer of Heaven was an extremely powerful existence even in the Desire Realm.
"Yes! It's that temple. "Song Feiyu appeared to be quite surprised." The Ear Mouse actually took out the Nirvana Key of the Temple of Heaven. This should be today's finale item! "
At this time, the Ear Mouse had just finished his introduction and announced the starting price of five million Soul Pills. Ling Shuang directly raised her hand and called out, "Eight million."
Luo Zheng and Song Feiyu both glanced at Ling Shuang. Even if she was interested in the Nirvana Key, she couldn't raise the price by three million Soul Pills in one go.
"Your Highness Ling Shuang …"
Song Feiyu saw that Ling Shuang had no concept of Soul Pills, so he naturally had to remind her.
"I'm bidding for it for him," Ling Shuang said with a smile. "In any case, he'll pay the bill!"
"Hey …"
Luo Zheng indeed wanted to bid for the Nirvana Key, but he couldn't just bid like that.
"Sixteen million Soul Pills."
At this time, another voice sounded. Not only was the bid higher than Ling Shuang's, but it also directly doubled the price.

Chapter 2904
Luo Zheng was only puzzled by the price increase.
Song Feiyu, on the other hand, was even more confused.
The All-Heaven Temple was one of the three great temples of the 13th Layer of Heaven, and it was also the most popular temple.
If one could dig out some transcendent-grade paramita tokens from the All-Heaven Temple, one could almost reach the sky in a single bound and become a top disciple of a super force.
However, the risk of entering the All-Heaven Temple was huge, and there would not be a harvest every time.
According to the market price, if it was not auctioned, the All-Heaven Temple's paramita key would be worth about eight to nine million soul pills. This person had called out sixteen million soul pills in one go, which was quite strange.
Just as Song Feiyu was puzzled, another creature raised the price.
"Nineteen million soul pills!"
The bidder was the Celestial Wolf Clan. Although the Celestial Wolf Clan was not a super force, they were very powerful. However, there were too few creatures in this clan, so they did not have much competition in the mother world.
Just as the Celestial Wolf Clan finished bidding, another clan raised the price again. "Twenty million soul pills!"
This time, the price only increased by a million soul pills.
Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng did not know the situation, so they both looked at Song Feiyu.
Since Luo Zheng had come to the 13th Layer of Heaven, he did not intend to return empty-handed. Exploring the temple was his first choice.
Song Feiyu waved his hand, "The All-Heaven Temple's paramita key is indeed precious, but it's not worth it for more than ten million soul pills …"
His voice traveled to the side, and a Yang Soul that looked like a pheasant shrieked, "If you want to obtain the key to the Divine Temple of Heaven with ten million soul pills, you might be able to do it three days ago, but now, hehe …"
Hearing the words of the 'pheasant', Song Feiyu asked, "This … Brother Chicken …"
In the mother world, in addition to the super forces, there were countless small clans. Song Feiyu did not know where this foreign race came from, so he directly called it by its shape.
Who knew that the 'pheasant' would suddenly explode, "I'm not a chicken! I'm a nine-eyed peacock! "
Its voice was extremely sharp, and it immediately attracted the attention of all the creatures.
The Ear Mouse had to remind it, "No noise in the auction house!"
Song Feiyu also quickly apologized, "I'm sorry, so it's Brother Peacock …"
When dealing with the alien races, one had to pay attention to their words. Otherwise, it would be easy to offend them.
The nine-eyed peacock said angrily: "You want to ask about the Full Heaven Temple, right? Everyone knows about it these past few days. You're really ill-informed. Hmph! "
"It hasn't been long since we entered the Nirvana Realm. Did something happen in the All-Heaven Divine Temple?" Song Feiyu asked curiously.
Although Song Feiyu was very familiar with the Thirteenth Heaven, he had not been in the Nirvana Realm recently. He had only returned to this place to welcome Ling Shuang, so he naturally did not know what had happened in the past few days.
"Of course, the changes have been great. The back door of the Divine Temple of Heaven has been opened, and there's a new path," the nine-eyed peacock replied.
"A passage?" Song Feiyu's eyes flashed with a strange light, "As far as I know, Full Heaven Temple is backed by the Dark Domain, right? Doesn't this path lead to the Tenebrous Realm? "
In the eyes of Yang souls, the Dark Domain was an absolute forbidden ground.
There was no light that could illuminate the Dark Domain. If one accidentally stepped into it, they would only fall into the endless black void.
"It's the path to the Dark Domain, but it's a little different this time. A light lit up in the Dark Domain, and three huts appeared. You can see them even from outside the All-Heaven Divine Temple!" the nine-eyed peacock said proudly.
"What!"
Song Feiyu's eyes widened.
There were many legends about the Dark Domain in the Nirvana Realm. It was said that there were also Nirvana Realm beings in the Dark Domain. Moreover, these Nirvana Realm beings were the true masters of the Nirvana Realm. They were the rulers of the entire Nirvana Realm, and there were countless supreme Nirvana Realm tokens hidden in the Dark Domain …
There were many similar legends, but none of them had been confirmed.
The reason was very simple. No one had ever returned from the Dark Domain alive.
There had been many Yang souls who had tried, such as cultivating a special soul fire to light up the Dark Domain.
However, any light that was thrown into the Dark Domain was like throwing it into water. It was instantly swallowed and extinguished by the Dark Domain.
From the past until now, the Dark Domain had always been a forbidden ground.
However, there was an exception this time …
Someone had lit up a light in the Dark Domain, and it even illuminated three huts!
Where did the light come from, and what existed in the huts, all kinds of speculations arose in the short span of three days.
As a result, the Thirteenth Heaven Yang souls were in an uproar.
As long as something was dug out from the huts, it would probably be an extremely rare existence.
The news spread like wildfire. The All-Heaven Divine Temple's Paramita Key was already very expensive, and now, it was even more expensive. The price had been raised to a sky-high price!
"If that's the case, why would the Ear Mice auction the Paramita Key?" Song Feiyu still had doubts in his heart.
Ling Shuang also nodded and said, "That's right. If the All-Heaven Divine Temple really leads to the Dark Domain, then the value of the All-Heaven Divine Temple's Paramita Key is limitless. The Ear Mice are so smart, so why would they auction it at this time, and even give such a low starting price?"
After a Paramita Key opened the divine temple's door, the other Yang souls could enter.
The Thirteenth Heaven was not just one Heaven.
The First Heaven Yang souls were all like beggars, waiting for others to open the door.
When the door opened in the Thirteenth Heaven, the other Yang souls would also take the initiative to pay a considerable amount of soul pills. Sometimes, not only would they not lose money, they could even earn a lot!
"I'm not sure either …" The Nine-Eyed Peacock shook its head.
It was not only the Nine-Eyed Peacock who did not understand. The other foreign races present were also very puzzled.
The Ear Mice's reputation could still be guaranteed. Since they were willing to auction it, they would definitely guarantee that it would be handed over to the other party.
Therefore, many of them were not stingy with their bids, and the moment they opened their mouths, they would double the price. Their goal was to scare away potential competitors.
However, although the All-Heaven Divine Temple's incident had only happened three days ago, most of the foreign races already knew about it. That was why there was such a crazy bidding scene.
As they were talking, the price of the Paramita Key had already been raised to fifty million soul pills!
"This price … Let's just watch the show," Song Feiyu said, shaking his head.
Fifty million soul pills was also a sky-high price for most Indigo Souls.
Unless they were sponsored by a large force behind them, it was very difficult for an individual to take out such a sum.
If Song Feiyu had known about this earlier, perhaps he would have applied to Taiyi Mountain, but it was obviously too late now.
However, at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his hand and said, "Sixty million soul pills."
"You …"
Luo Zheng's bid gave Song Feiyu a fright. He almost rushed forward to cover Luo Zheng's mouth.
Could Luo Zheng take out such a large sum of soul pills?

Chapter 2905
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
One Fold
Song Feiyu was flustered and exasperated, but Luo Zheng looked calm and composed.
Luo Zheng knew about the existence of the dark realm when he received the first candle.
He had always been interested in the dark realm, so he naturally wouldn't let go of this opportunity.
"This human friend bids 60 million soul pills!"
"If there are no other bidders, the key to the All-Sky Temple belongs to him!"
For some reason, when Luo Zheng bid again, the Ear Mouse backstage suddenly spoke faster, as if he was eager to close the deal.
This made Song Feiyu even more anxious. He was afraid that Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to afford the soul pills, so he naturally hoped that someone else would raise the price again.
Just as the Ear Mouse on the stage was about to announce the deal, another voice came from the corner. "64 million …"
The Sun Soul that made the bid was as thin as a stick. He was from the Tiansong Clan in the mother world.
Song Feiyu heard this voice as if he had saved his life and heaved a sigh of relief.
At the back of the auction house, a group of Ear Mice beat their chests and stomped their feet.
"Old Hou is too stupid!"
"Just close the deal! Why wait? "
"I heard that the physical body's spokesperson's name is Luo Zheng!"
"What is the Tiansong Clan doing here?"
The Ear Mouse on the stage was a little disappointed and said unhappily, "Our friend from the Tiansong Clan bids 64 million …"
The Tiansong Clan members were a little unhappy when they heard the Ear Mouse's tone. "What's wrong? You don't want the Tiansong Clan to bid? Could it be that the soul pills of the human race are more expensive than those of the Tiansong Clan? "
Luo Zheng, Song Feiyu, Ling Shuang, and the other foreign races present all realized that something was wrong.
The Ear Mouse in charge of the auction seemed to be very willing to sell the Paramita Key to Luo Zheng.
"Brother Luo Zheng, don't bid anymore. If no one bids for the soul pills here, how can we afford it?" Song Feiyu hurriedly warned Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng really didn't bid anymore. He just looked at the Ear Mouse on the stage with a smile. It wasn't that he didn't want to continue bidding, but he wanted to see what the Ear Mouse was up to.
In the end, a strange scene occurred.
The Ear Mouse on the stage didn't say anything when he saw that Luo Zheng wasn't bidding anymore.
The entire auction house was silent as if everyone was here to drink tea instead of auctions.
The Ear Ear Mouse's actions made the Tiansong Clan members even more... "Ear Ear, are you not planning on selling the Paramita Key?"
"Ear Ear Ear Mouse," the Ear Mouse's. Ear's's's Ear Ear's Ear Ear's Ear's's..
This Ear Mouse began to ramble, but he was unwilling to announce that the Paramita Key had been sold to the Tiansong Clan.
"Stop talking nonsense. The Soul Core is right here. Give me the Paramita Key!" The Tiansong Clan member suddenly stood up and said angrily.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I bid 64.01 million soul pills."
This time, he had only increased the price by 10,000 Soul Pills.
Ear 'Ear Ear''t Ear's Ear '''s' ''s Ear' '' '' ''t't
Seeing Ear Mouse in such a state, the Outsiders were all stunned.
"Ear to." "
"Is this an auction?"
"Why don't you just sell it to the humans?"
"Today, I finally know how shameless the Ear Ear Mice can be …"
The other Ear's' 'were in a heated discussion.
The Tiansong Clan member was even more furious. He leaped onto the stage and grabbed the earmouse in his hand. "How dare you trick me!"
The Ear Mouse wasn't afraid of the Tiansong Clan. He squeaked a few times before saying, "I'm not fooling you. He did offer a higher price than you."
"But I've been bidding for so long and there's still no deal. That kid just opened his mouth and increased the price by ten thousand! I'll add another million! "the Tiansong Clan member said.
"He's already won it …" the Ear Mouse replied.
"Add another ten million!" The Tiansong Clan member threw caution to the wind.
"It's a deal. The reputation of the Ear Mouse Clan is the most important. How can we go back on our word?" the Ear Mouse refused.
The Tiansong Clan member was helpless. The Ear Mouse was determined to hand the Paramita Key to the humans. He couldn't do anything about it.
But whether it was the Tiansong Clan member or the other Ear Mice, they couldn't figure out why the Ear Mouse would do this.
"Brother Luo Zheng, what did you do? The Ear Mice are so determined to sell the Paramita Key to you …" Song Feiyu asked with a puzzled expression.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "They probably want me to enter the Temple of Heaven, right?"
"They want you to go?" Song Feiyu smiled. He didn't believe this at all.
The Paramita 13 Skies gathered the strongest Yang souls in the Color Realm. Those who could travel there weren't easy to deal with.
Song Feiyu acknowledged Luo Zheng's talent, but he had just entered the 13th Heaven, so he was not familiar with the 13th Heaven. The Ear Rats were counting on him to enter the Temple of Heaven. There was no such strange thing in the world.
"You'll know in a while. Just wait," Luo Zheng said.
"But the Soul Pills …" Song Feiyu was now worried that Luo Zheng couldn't afford the Soul Pills.
"Don't worry, Brother Feiyu. It's just a few tens of millions of Soul Pills. I can still afford it," Luo Zheng replied.
Although Song Feiyu was worried about him, Song Feiyu was too "protective". It wasn't Luo Zheng's first day in the Paramita Key …
Song Feiyu had no choice but to sit quietly to the side.
After the Paramita Key to the Temple of Heaven was sold, the auction was announced to be over.
Although the Tiansong Clan members were very unhappy, they still left in the end.
The Ear Mouse on the stage walked towards Luo Zheng and said, "Your Excellency, after you pay the Soul Pills, the Paramita Key will be delivered to you."
Luo Zheng suddenly said, "The Paramita Key is too expensive."
The Ear Mouse didn't expect Luo Zheng to say this, so he said, "But Your Excellency has already bid for it."
"How about a 10% discount? Six million Soul Pills. I'll only bring one person in. You can choose the others, "Luo Zheng said again.
When Song Feiyu heard this, he felt that Luo Zheng must have gone crazy.
He had personally bid for it with more than 60 million Soul Pills, and now he was haggling and asking for a 10% discount?
"I can't make the decision. Please wait a moment." The Ear Mouse turned and left.
Song Feiyu smiled bitterly and said, "I think it's better for us to run."
Luo Zheng ignored Song Feiyu. When the Ear Mouse came back, he said to Luo Zheng, "If Your Excellency doesn't need the Paramita Key, our Ear Mouse Clan can waive all the fees."
"Waive all the fees!" Song Feiyu shouted. He couldn't believe his ears.
Luo Zheng looked as if he had expected this. He stood up and said, "Thank you, Ear Mouse Clan. When do you plan to leave?"
"We will open the temple in a day," the Ear Mouse replied.
"Then I'll see you at the entrance of the temple." Luo Zheng shrugged and left the auction venue with Ling Shuang.

Chapter 2906
After walking out of the temple, Song Feiyu stepped in front of Luo Zheng.
He was really curious about why the Eared Mice would do this, so he directly asked, "Brother Luo Zheng, do you have something on the Eared Mice?"
Although the Paramita Key had not been personally handed over to Luo Zheng, from what the Eared Mice had said, Luo Zheng could enter the Temple of All-Heaven for free, and he could bring one more person with him.
Even in normal times, the meticulous Eared Mice would not do such a stupid thing, let alone now that such a thing had happened in the Temple of All-Heaven. The price of entering the temple would only increase.
"I haven't had much contact with the Eared Mice, so how would I know?" Luo Zheng shrugged.
"For no reason, why would they let you enter the Temple of All-Heaven for free …" Song Feiyu asked again.
"Maybe they have something to ask of me?" Luo Zheng replied.
Song Feiyu asked again, "What is it?"
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I don't know."
The person the Eared Mice really wanted to invite was definitely not Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng's body.
But as for what they wanted Luo Zheng's body to do, Luo Zheng had no way of knowing, so he was telling the truth to Song Feiyu.
When the Eared Mouse asked, Luo Zheng said he would bring one more person.
The Eared Mice naturally understood that Luo Zheng would bring that "body" to the temple.
They did not know that Luo Zheng and his body were the same person. When Luo Zheng said he would bring one more person, he was actually bringing Ling Shuang.
There was a slight misunderstanding between the two sides, but the result was the same.
Song Feiyu could not get anything out of him, so he could only give up in the end. But in the end, he said, "Since Brother Luo Zheng can bring one more person into the Temple of All-Heaven, who do you plan to bring? If Brother Luo Zheng does not have a suitable person, can you bring me in? "
In the face of Song Feiyu's self-recommendation, Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang looked at each other, then Luo Zheng said, "I have a suitable person in mind."
"Don't tell me the suitable person you're talking about is Her Highness Ling Shuang?" Song Feiyu's tone became serious.
Before Luo Zheng could reply, Ling Shuang immediately said, "What? Senior Song, do you think I'm not suitable? "
"Of course you're not suitable!" Song Feiyu quickly replied, "You have just entered the 13th Layer of Heavens, so you don't even know how dangerous this place is. Not to mention that their goal is the Dark Domain behind the Temple of Heaven, even if it is the Temple of Heaven, it is not something that you can break into at your current level!"
Ling Shuang's, "Ling" Shuang's Ling Shuang, "Ling Shuang said said said said said," Ling "."
Ling Shuang said unhappily, "Senior Brother Song … you seem to be meddling too much."
After being choked by Ling Shuang, Song Feiyu had no intention of backing down. "If that's the case, I can only report this to Uncle Lin. Forgive me for not being able to keep this matter a secret."
"If you want to go, then go!" Once Ling Shuang had made her decision, even her grandmother would not be able to stop her.
Song Feiyu was an honest person. He cupped his hands respectfully towards Ling Shuang, then left the other side.
After Song Feiyu left, Luo Zheng said, "I did not agree to bring you to the Temple of All-Heaven."
Ling Shuang was not worried at all after hearing Luo Zheng's words. She said confidently, "I'm the most suitable person."
Luo Zheng sighed, "It's too dangerous."
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang had only been to the Sky Sunflower Temple in the First Heaven. In this Sky Sunflower Temple, the two of them had almost lost their lives.
Just as Song Feiyu had said, this Temple of All-Heaven was not to be trifled with. It was even connected to the Temple of All-Heaven.
"You don't have a choice," Ling Shuang said with a smile.
Luo Zheng was unable to find a suitable person within a day.
It would be his physical body that would enter the Temple of All-Heaven. His physical body could not store candles or other things, so he needed a Yang soul to cooperate with him. Only Ling Shuang could be trusted.
Luo Zheng stood still and looked at Ling Shuang. Although he could not see her face clearly, he could imagine her current expression.
It was very convenient for Luo Zheng to have Ling Shuang accompany him on his journey to the other side.
When he went to the Sky Sunflower Temple for the second time, he had to switch between his physical body and his soul to transfer the Soul Elixir to his body. It was very troublesome, but it was much more convenient after Ling Shuang appeared.
However, as he went deeper and deeper into the other side, it would become more and more dangerous. It seemed selfish to drag her into danger with him.
"What's wrong with you?"
Ling Shuang waved her hand in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng blocked her hand and said seriously, "I will protect you."
With that, he strode forward.
Ling Shuang tilted her head and stared at Luo Zheng's back. After a while, she pursed her lips and followed him.
Although the Ear Mice agreed to meet one day later, they agreed to meet at the entrance of the Temple of All-Heaven, which was on the other side of the Thirteenth Heaven.
In addition to sending Ling Shuang to the Temple of All-Heaven, Luo Zheng's physical body also had to rush from the Twelfth Heaven to the Thirteenth Heaven. Time was still tight.
After the two left the stronghold area, they entered the wilderness of the Thirteenth Heaven.
Because the north and south sides of the Thirteenth Heaven had been eroded by the dark domain, there was only one path left. Most of the Yang souls went from east to west, so they did not get lost.
Along the way, they saw Yang souls of different races everywhere. Whether it was the huge Yang souls that were as big as elephants or the small Yang souls that were as small as fists, most of them were in a hurry.
Luo Zheng even suspected that their destination was the Temple of All-Heaven …
After walking for more than a hundred miles, Ling Shuang suddenly pointed to the southwest. "Luo Zheng, look! It's so dark over there! "
A huge black ball suddenly appeared in their field of vision.
That black ball was like a dome, encroaching on the other side's territory.
"This is the dark domain," Luo Zheng said as he stared at the absolute darkness.
As the two continued to move forward, they saw that the area covered by the dark domain was getting larger and larger, and it was the same for both the south and north. Although the road in the middle was still wide, walking in it still gave them a strong sense of oppression.
Luo Zheng released his Divine Sense and tried to inject it.
But when his Divine Sense came into contact with the border of the dark domain, it disappeared without a trace.
It took more than half a day to pass through the middle of the two dark domains. When they were about to walk out of the dark domain, the two found the Temple of All-Heaven.
According to the information they had obtained before, the Temple of All-Heaven was located at the edge of the dark domain. If the dark domain expanded again, it would swallow the entire Temple of All-Heaven. It was also because of the geographical location of the Temple of All-Heaven that a passage into the dark domain was formed.
When the two of them approached the Temple of All-Heaven, Ling Shuang immediately curled her lips. "Why are there so many people?"
"Along the way, the goal of those Yang souls was the Temple of All-Heaven. I guessed right," Luo Zheng also smiled bitterly.
At the entrance of the Temple of All-Heaven, there were thousands of Yang souls of different races gathered together, densely packed together. It seemed that as soon as the temple door opened, they would swarm in.

Chapter 2907
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio
To demand an exorbitant price
Although the Dark Domain was a forbidden place, the more mysterious a place was, the more attractive it was.
Since ancient times, no one had ever stepped into the Dark Domain.
The Yang Souls that had advanced to the thirteenth heaven were all elites of the younger generation of the various large clans. Who among them did not want to advance further?
However, the number of Paramita Keys in the Divine Temple of Heaven was extremely small. Usually, one would have to wait for several years, or even several decades, to open it once. So, it was definitely not an easy task to enter it.
Although there weren't many Paramita Keys, it wasn't like there weren't any.
There were always some people who had the Paramita Key of the Divine Temple of Heaven.
Now that a path to the Dark Domain had appeared, the news was spreading like wildfire. It was impossible for those who held the keys to the Paramita Realm to not know about it. Now was the time to use it.
These foreign race Yang Souls gathered at the entrance naturally had a plan in their hearts: No matter what method they used, they had to break into the Divine Temple of Heaven.
If the other party was willing to share the Paramita Key, then they would take out the Soul Core as well. If the other party wasn't willing, then a dispute would probably be unavoidable.
"Have you heard? Ear Mouse auctioned the Paramita Key of the All-Heaven Divine Temple today! "an alien suddenly said loudly.
These foreign race Yang Souls had been waiting here for a long time. When they heard this news, they immediately perked up.
"Ear Mouse really has the Paramita Key to the Temple of Heaven!"
"I told you, they definitely have it!"
"But why is Ear Rat so stupid? If he has the Paramita Key, why is he auctioning it off? Each of us can pool together a few hundred thousand soul pills, which is much more than what we can get from the auction! "
There were more than a thousand Yang souls present. Which of these Yang souls did not have hundreds of thousands of Soul Pills?
Furthermore, the number of Sun Souls was still increasing. Ear Mouse had always been known for his shrewdness, so how could he do such a stupid thing?
"I'm not sure either … A member of the Tiansong Clan offered a price of more than sixty million soul pills, but the Ear Mice wanted to go back on their word. They seemed to want to forcefully sell it to a human," the alien said.
What happened at the auction was witnessed by many of the foreign races. Naturally, they felt that it was extremely strange.
"Sell to the humans?"
"Hehe, since when did the human race deserve the favor of the Ear Rats?"
"…"
The Outsiders burst into laughter, as if they did not believe this news.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang found a suitable place. Then, he whispered to Ling Shuang, "You should leave Paramita first. There are too many foreign races here. I'm afraid something might happen."
There were still twelve to fourteen hours before the agreed time with Ear Mouse. Luo Zheng wanted to send his physical body to this place. Naturally, he did not want Ling Shuang to be left alone in the Nirvana Realm.
Ling Shuang nodded obediently. When Ling Shuang was about to leave, Luo Zheng suddenly said, "Wait."
"What?" Ling Shuang's eyelashes fluttered.
"Give me your hand," Luo Zheng ordered.
Ling Shuang didn't understand. She reached out her hand to Luo Zheng and asked, "What's wrong?"
"There are some things that should be useful. Activate your sumeru ring," Luo Zheng said again.
As a box lit up in Ling Shuang's hand, the box in Luo Zheng's hand also lit up. Although there were very few people who could recognize these candles, Luo Zheng did not want to show them to others so easily.
After the two boxes corresponded, the candles in Luo Zheng's sumeru ring were all transferred to Ling Shuang's sumeru ring.
"These are the candles from the bottom of the sea. The candles …" Ling Shuang was stunned.
"Shh," Luo Zheng made a shushing gesture. "Maybe they will be useful."
"Candles … You mean to light up the dark realm?" Ling Shuang's eyes showed surprise.
9527 had told Luo Zheng that these candles were useful in the dark realm, but Ling Shuang did not know.
But now that Luo Zheng gave the candles to Ling Shuang, she could easily make the connection.
"It should work," Luo Zheng smiled.
Thinking that the candles could light up the dark realm, Ling Shuang was secretly surprised. If it could really work, wouldn't it mean that she could wander around the dark realm with the candles?
After putting away the candles, Ling Shuang left the other side.
Luo Zheng's eyes swept over the Temple of Heaven.
He changed his position and stood at a higher place, his eyes falling on the back of the Temple of Heaven. Sure enough, he found a little light there.
"That's the three huts …"
Because they were a little far away, Luo Zheng could only see the faint shadows of the three huts.
After confirming the existence of the three huts, Luo Zheng also left the other side.
…
…
Two hours later, more and more Sun Souls gathered at the gate of the Temple of Heaven.
"Get out of here, this is the territory of our Liyuan Clan!"
More than a dozen huge Sun Souls of the Liyuan Clan came and were about to occupy the position in front of the Temple of Heaven.
If someone opened the gate, this position would naturally be the first to enter.
"So what if you're from the Liyuan Clan? You're powerful in the Eleventh Layer of Heaven, but this is the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven. Who do you think you are! "A few other people next to them shouted.
The Liyuan Clan had always been domineering, but they had also offended many superpowers.
In the Eleventh Layer of Heaven, the other superpowers did not dare to resist the Liyuan Clan, but in the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven, it was hard to say. Everyone's soul cultivation was not too different. If they really fought, the other races would gang up on them, and the Liyuan Clan would be the one to suffer.
"You're provoking our Liyuan Clan?"
"So what if we're provoking you! Who's afraid of you here? Do you want to fight? "
Seeing that these Sun Souls were about to fight, a nearby Ear Mouse squeaked, "If anyone fights here, they'll lose the right to enter the Temple of Heaven!"
If it was any other race that said this, it might not have been useful, but as soon as Ear Mouse spoke, all the Sun Souls immediately quieted down.
"Mouse, do you really have the Paramita Key to the Temple of Heaven?" the Liyuan Clan member asked.
"Squeak, of course we do," Ear Mouse said unhurriedly.
Hearing Ear Mouse's answer, the hundreds of other people present immediately became spirited. It seemed that there was hope for them to enter the temple today!
"Then quickly open the gate of the Temple of Heaven!" the Liyuan Clan member urged.
Ear Mouse squeaked, "It's not time yet. There's still a few more hours. We're waiting for an important guest."
"What important guest? Cut the crap!"
"That's right, don't waste time!"
"Who knows, the light of the hidden realm might disappear at some point!"
All of the Outsiders urged him to hurry up.
Ear Mouse continued to speak unhurriedly, "If you want to enter the temple, you'll have to follow my rules. Before the important guest arrives, the gate is not to be opened! Also, everyone should pay the soul pills first to share the cost of the Paramita Key! "
"How much?" one of the other races asked.
"One Sun Soul, one million soul pills," Ear Mouse stated the price.
Hearing this price, many of the other races' expressions changed.
There were about two thousand Sun Souls gathered in front of the Temple of Heaven.
Each person paid a million soul pills, which added up to two billion soul pills. The Paramita Key to the Temple of Heaven's level usually cost only a few million soul pills.

Chapter 2908
?
Ear Mouse's ultimate goal wasn't to earn these Soul Pills, but to do so in passing.
The Hidden Realm's allure was too great, and everyone wanted to see what was inside those three small rooms. A million Soul Pills was indeed excessive, but the foreign races present had no choice.
The Paramita Key appeared too randomly, and who knew when the Temple of Heaven would open again?
"You Ear Mouse clan are too greedy!" The Liyuan clansmen said with dissatisfaction.
Ear Mouse was very calm. "I'm afraid your Liyuan clan has no right to criticize us!"
The Liyuan clan had set up checkpoints in the Eleventh Layer of Heaven over the past few years, and the number of Soul Pills they collected was probably astronomical.
Ear Rat, on the other hand, was a legitimate business.
"In a moment, before the Temple of Heaven opens, we will set up a restriction in front of it. Everyone can bring Soul Pills to me to exchange for soul tags. Those with soul tags will be able to pass through the restriction," Ear Mouse announced.
Although the Yang souls were extremely dissatisfied, they had no other choice.
The Liyuan clansmen were all filled with anger, but in the end, they obediently took out their Soul Pills and received a soul tag.
Those Yang souls who had abundant Soul Pills on hand also followed suit and received them.
Some of the Yang souls who lacked Soul Pills were currently frowning. They only had two hundred and thirty thousand Soul Pills, which was more than enough according to the market price. They hadn't expected Ear Mouse's price to be so high.
However, this Temple of Heaven matter was no small matter, and many Yang souls chose to leave the Paramita World and seek help from their clans.
In the corner to the side stood the Sun Soul of the Six Paths Human Race.
The one standing at the side was the smallest, and from the silhouette, it was clearly a human girl.
"Big brother, I don't think we can go in," the human girl said disappointedly.
"A million Soul Pills per person, and the six of us need six million! These damned rats! "The tallest of the six said angrily.
"You guys think of a way to raise the money," another suggested.
The human girl said, "How? I still owe them two hundred thousand Soul Pills."
This human girl was the one who had been detained by the Liyuan clan in the Eleventh Layer of Heaven.
Even though Ling Shuang magnanimously forbade her from paying, she still thought about it.
"Just one trip to the Eleventh Heaven, and you're already in debt of two hundred thousand Soul Pills. Little Junior Sister, you're really something," another person mocked.
The human girl was instantly displeased. "What choice did you have in that situation?!"
"Enough, stop arguing!" The tallest man among the six stopped this meaningless quarrel. "I'll go get the Soul Elixirs. You guys just wait here. Although our Jiuli is in decline, I don't believe that we can't get a few million Soul Elixirs!"
That person had the highest authority among the six of them. Once he spoke, the others immediately fell silent, but they all felt sad in their hearts.
It was not easy to gather a few million Soul Dans in this situation. They were once part of the orthodox lineage of the human race, but they could only sigh when they were in such a situation.
At the entrance of the All-Heaven Divine Temple, many outsiders were paying Soul Pills and receiving their Soul Tags.
After a few hours, more and more races rushed to the Infinite Heaven Divine Temple.
"Get out of the way!"
Another nine Yang souls rushed over from the side of the divine temple.
These Sun Souls had the upper body of a human, but their lower body was a snake tail.
"The Nuwa Clan!"
"The Nuwa Clan is also here to join in the fun!"
The Nuwa Clan usually showed their human appearance, but the Sun Soul in the Paramita Realm was still half-human and half-snake. Naturally, the other Sun Souls could be recognized at a glance.
In the Mother World, the Nuwa Clan was also a super force that could not be ignored. It could be said that the current prosperity of the Paramita Realm was also because of the Nuwa Clan.
However, the Li Mountain had always kept a low profile and did not have any conflicts with the outside world. In the eyes of many outsiders, their presence was rather low.
Faced with Ear Mouse's price, these Nuwa Clan members did not have much of a reaction. They directly paid the Soul Elixirs, and then the nine Nuwa Clan members retreated to the side.
The super forces began to appear.
"You Xiong Clan?"
"There are many people with Xiong Clan!"
"More than twenty people, and they have to pay tens of millions of Soul Elixirs. Hehe!"
The You Xiong Clan actually had more than twenty people. The other outsiders also faintly became vigilant when they saw this.
Although many living beings were exploring the All-Heaven Divine Temple together, they were still in a competitive relationship. It was just that they had a tacit understanding.
After the various races arrived, another group of six people arrived at the entrance of the divine temple.
"They are from the Heaven Palace!"
"It seems that the Heaven Palace is not very confident. They only sent eight people."
"Now the Heaven Palace is being suppressed by the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan. It is indeed difficult for them to move forward."
The leader of the eight people was a woman.
After hearing the discussion, her face darkened slightly. Then she said in an indifferent tone, "Being suppressed by the You Xiong Clan? Heh! Heh! I wonder whose divine temple was torn down alive a few days ago! "
The news that Luo Zheng had torn down a divine temple only happened among the three orthodoxies of the human race. The You Xiong Clan had tried their best to suppress the spread of the news. The other big clans did not know much about it. Even if they had heard about it, they did not know the whole story.
Hearing this, the You Xiong Clan members were displeased.
"Humph! If that mysterious person hadn't come to help, the elites of the Heaven Palace would have all been killed!"
"Right! You are just a bunch of good-for-nothings. Sooner or later, you will be trampled by us!"
“”
The You Xiong Clan members retorted sarcastically.
The woman from the Heaven Palace was not good at arguing. She also did not know who the "mysterious person" whose physical body had entered the Nirvana Realm was. Being rebuked by the You Xiong Clan members, she was annoyed immediately.
"Do you want to die?"
"Buzz!"
As the aura of her soul skyrocketed, strands of golden runes surrounded her soul and swept down.
"Gold Crow Fire?"
"How come the people from the Heaven Palace have the Gold Crow Fire?"
"Strange, are these people from the Heaven Palace or not?"
In the distance, the Jinwu clans curled their wings and whispered to each other after seeing the golden fire.
"It's her!"
"I heard that only two people from the Heaven Palace have our Gold Crow bloodline."
"Her mother can't be in the Color World. She should be that person's daughter."
The Jinwu Clan and the Heaven Palace had a long history of conflict. Many Jinwu Clan members knew about this. Soon, they figured out Feng Ge's background.
There were many kinds of bloodline divine abilities in the mother world, and some of them could be used in the Paramita Realm. The Golden Crow Divine Fire was one of them. Although the Golden Crow Divine Fire had a different form in the Paramita Realm, and its power would be reduced, it was still an extremely powerful soul killer move.
However, the You Xiong Clan had the advantage in numbers. Why would they be afraid of Feng Ge?
"Hey, do you still want to fight?"
"The Heaven Palace is just a bunch of useless people. I don't know why this woman is so arrogant!"
"I really don't know who is courting death!"
How could the You Xiong Clan people take Feng Ge and the other five seriously?
In addition to the You Xiong Clan, there were also people from the Divine Farmer Clan and the Jinwu Clan. They thought Feng Ge was just being stubborn and did not dare to fight.

Chapter 2909
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Martyrdom with Sorrow
"Prince Feng Ge!"
"Let's not fight with them!"
The people around Feng Ge sensed his emotions and tried to persuade him.
They knew Feng Ge's personality well. He was stubborn and unyielding.
Fighting with the You Xiong Family here was just asking for trouble!
But Feng Ge didn't hesitate at all. The golden light on the surface of his soul shook slightly, and the Golden Crow Fire lashed out like a golden whip!
Swoosh!
The two You Xiong Family people at the front reacted slightly slower and were hit by the golden whip.
Whoosh!
The moment they were hit, the golden light spread out along their souls.
If they didn't do anything, their Sun Souls would be burned up by the golden light!
"Bitch!"
"She really dared to fight!"
Their souls were burned by the Golden Crow Fire. In desperation, they had to leave the Nirvana Realm first.
The souls of the other You Xiong Family people also surged, and they were about to pounce on Feng Ge!
"Prince, let's leave the Nirvana Realm first!"
"They outnumber us. I'm afraid we can't defeat them!"
"Prince, leave the Nirvana Realm now!"
The people around Feng Ge all turned pale with fright. They were also complaining in their minds. All these years, whenever they followed Feng Ge to the Nirvana Realm, they would get into a lot of trouble.
These guards were all elites of the Heaven Palace. They were more than enough to deal with some small families, but facing so many people from the You Xiong Family, how could they fight?
But Feng Ge didn't listen at all!
Buzz!
It was accompanied by the sound of an elite fighter.
The golden light on her body surged, and the Golden Crow Fire turned into twelve whips, lashing out crazily.
This move was indeed powerful, but how could a Sun Soul at the thirteenth level be weak?
Just now, the two You Xiong Family people got hit accidentally, and the others were already on high alert!
Whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh …
The golden whips kept lashing out, and the people in front of Feng Ge couldn't even get close.
However, these people were only there to attract Feng Ge's attention, while the other You Xiong Clan people were coming from both sides!
The five people around Feng Ge were not to be trifled with. They all used their soul spirit divine arts and tried their best to stop these people from getting close to Feng Ge.
However, You Xiong Family had the upper hand in the end!
Moreover, besides the You Xiong Clan, the Divine Farmer Clan and the Jinwu Clan were also watching coldly.
These few people clearly knew that they were no match for Feng Ge. Therefore, they were naturally scared. Under the fierce attack launched by You Xiong Family people, they stepped back step by step, and were forced to stay away from Feng Ge.
"Your Highness Feng Ge, we can't hold them off. Quickly retreat from the other side!"
Feng Ge was already encircled by You Xiong Family people. If he didn't leave the other side now, he might not have another chance.
However, it seemed that Feng Ge didn't hear them at all. The golden whips became fiercer and fiercer. Those You Xiong Clan people who were wandering outside the whips kept dodging, which made them quite embarrassed.
Right at this moment, a man came up quietly from behind Feng Ge. There was a small snake coiled around his hand. He shook the snake slightly, and it turned into a circle, which went directly to Feng Ge's body.
Feng Ge sensed the movement behind him. He turned around and looked. Then his expression changed.
She finally thought of using the Disillusionment Spell to escape from the other side.
However, when she was reciting the Disillusionment Spell silently, and her body gradually became blurred, the man near Feng Ge shook his hand again. Then, a piece of blue Soul-entangling Silk floated on Feng Ge's body.
After being entangled by the Soul-entangling Silk, how could Feng Ge leave?
Swish!
At the same time, the circle that the small snake had turned into wrapped around Feng Ge's body.
Feng Ge immediately felt that his soul power was almost frozen. He couldn't use his soul power, and the Golden Crow Fire was extinguished completely.
"I admire your courage. You dare to mess with our You Xiong Clan all by yourself!" That man laughed out loud.
"This woman is quite fierce! I like it! "
"She still wants to break free from brother Ji Yan's Dragon-Snake Trap? Hahaha … "
Feng Ge struggled with all his might. However, after the small snake wrapped around him, his soul power became weaker and weaker. He couldn't break free at all.
Ji Yan pulled the snake tail in his hand and dragged Feng Ge to his side. Then, Ji Yan lifted Feng Ge up.
Seeing this, the five people brought by Feng Ge all shouted out loud.
"Let go of Prince Feng Ge!"
"Do you know who she is? How can she be humiliated like this! "
"…"
"Let go of me, or you will regret it!" Feng Ge also threatened coldly.
However, the You Xiong Family wasn't afraid of the Heaven Palace at all. Besides, this man named Ji Yan had an extremely high status in the You Xiong Family.
Ji Yan chuckled and said, "You have a special status in the Heaven Palace, don't you? If it were someone else, your threat might work, but this is me. "
Swish!
Ji Yan gently threw Feng Ge to the ground, then said to a You Xiong Family man, "Take her to the base of our You Xiong Family. Let the Heaven Palace redeem her with a soul pill! That's enough for today's expenses. Haha! "
When had Feng Ge ever been humiliated like this?
Even though she was trapped by the [Dragon-Snake Trap], under her full power, her soul still glowed with a faint golden light.
However, this [Dragon-Snake Trap] was way too powerful. Once the golden light appeared, it was absorbed by the small snake. All her struggles were in vain …
When the You Xiong Family man prepared to take Feng Ge away, over ten people rushed over.
"Wait!"
The leader of the group stopped them.
These ten warriors blocked the path of the few You Xiong Family people from the back and blocked their way.
They were from another group of people from the Heaven Palace.
The seven mountains of the Heaven Palace didn't always act in unison. This time, hearing about the Mi Tian Temple, Feng Ge brought a few elites from the Taishi Palace to the other side.
The Taiming Mountain, Taiming Mountain, and the other two mountains heard the news too. This time, Chou Xue from the Taiming Mountain led the team to the Mi Tian Temple.
They never thought that they would see the You Xiong Family kidnap Feng Ge once they arrived at the Mi Tian Temple.
Although they belonged to different mountains, the seven mountains of the Heaven Palace were united after all. Besides, Feng Ge had a special status. How could Chou Xue let the You Xiong Family take Feng Ge away?
"Hah, Heaven Palace people come in groups." Ji Yan chuckled.
Chou Xue ordered the others to stop those people, then walked straight to Ji Yan, cupped his hands and said, "My friends from the You Xiong Family, Feng Ge is the most beloved daughter of the East Emperor. You kidnapped him like this. If anything happens to him, I'm afraid you won't be able to explain yourself."
Unexpectedly, Ji Yan didn't buy it. Instead, he laughed proudly and said, "I knew that she was a member of the Heaven Palace. It turns out that she is the daughter of the East Emperor. It seems that we can ask for more ransom!"
Ji Yan was born in a famous family like the You Xiong Family, and was related to the Dihong Family as well. Therefore, the title of the daughter of the East Emperor couldn't scare him.
"You Xiong Family kidnapped someone for ransom. Don't you think this is too degrading?" Chou Xue's voice was lowered as well.
Ji Yan shook his head, smiled and said, "This woman provoked our You Xiong Family on purpose. She launched the attack first, and nearly killed two of our people. This punishment is already very light. The other non-humankind beings on the scene can do justice to her."
Chou Xue was smart. Now, Ji Yan had the reason, so it was impossible for him to persuade Ji Yan.
"So, you don't plan to let her go?" asked Chou Xue.
"Yes." Ji Yan was a stubborn person as well.
Chou Xue sneered and said, "Today, You Xiong Family came for the Mi Tian Temple as well. Later, when the gate of the temple opens, I don't think you want others to drag you down, do you?"
Everyone's business was still the Mi Tian Temple. If the Heaven Palace caused any trouble, it would be extremely bad for You Xiong Family.

Chapter 2910
Chou Xingzhu was smart. He knew that You Xiong Family was powerful, and those from the Heaven Palace were no match for them.
If a conflict broke out between the You Xiong Family and the You Xiong Family, the other clans that followed You Xiong Family would never stand aside and watch.
However, things would be different once they entered the temple.
The inside of the Sky Temple was already full of dangers. If the Heaven Palace people started a fight, You Xiong Family might not be able to handle it.
Hearing Chou Xingzhu's threat, Ji Yan couldn't stay calm anymore.
He said coldly, "It seems that we have to wipe you out right now."
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
The power vibration released from the souls of all You Xiong Family people instantly boosted up. It seemed that they were really going to start a fight in here.
Facing the mountain-like soul pressure, Chou Xingzhu didn't seem to be nervous at all. Instead, he grinned and said, "It seems that the mission of exploring the Sky Temple isn't that important to You Xiong Family, right? We may not be able to rival you, but we can still kill half of your people. Are you really going to start a fight here? "
Those Heaven Palace people behind Chou Xingzhu also raised their guards, preparing to make a move at any time.
Hearing Chou Xingzhu, Ji Yan showed a hesitant look.
Their target was the dark realm!
Fighting against the Heaven Palace people right now was indeed not a wise move. If too many You Xiong Family people were killed, Ji Yan might have to take responsibility.
As the ones who opened the gate, Ear Mouse Family people had been watching coldly.
They didn't care about the lives of those human beings, especially those You Xiong Family people who had already paid the soul magic pills. It would be better if they died.
Ji Yan thought for a moment and smiled. Then he called out, "Brothers from the Golden Crow Clan, Shennong Clan, and Minyue Clan, please attack together this time. Let's kill these disciples of the Heavenly Palace who are in our way first!"
Jinwu Family, Shennong Family, and the other Jinwu Family people had been staying still. Hearing Ji Yan, they stood up one after another.
This time, over a hundred people stood on Ji Yan's side. In the thirteenth layer of Heaven, except for a small number of indigo souls who had special powers, the difference in power between the others was not huge. At the moment, Ji Yan's side had an overwhelming advantage, and the Heaven Palace people were not strong enough to crush them.
Seeing those large families and clans stand out one after another, Chou Xingzhu gave a bitter smile...... This time, they were in a big trouble..
"Brother Chou, what should we do?"
"Run?"
"What about His Highness Feng Ge?"
If they really left Feng Ge here because they were afraid, this matter would probably become a big joke in the Heavenly Palace.
Chou Xue didn't have much time to think. You Xiong Family and the other few families had already rushed over!
Chou Xue suddenly stretched out his hands, his arms already leaving his hands. The part of his Sun Soul that had left his hands constantly changed and formed, actually turning into eight purple Soul Longswords!
"I'll stop them. You guys go save His Highness Feng Ge," Chou Xue said.
He had been quietly observing while negotiating with Ji Yan.
The few You Xiong Clan people who tied Feng Ge up were on the other side. If they wanted to take Feng Ge away, it would be difficult for them to move. The Heaven Palace could handle these few people.
"But Big Brother Chou …" Someone said hesitantly.
"Don't worry, I won't die!"
Chou Xue was an extremely optimistic person.
Apart from the Land of Sword Grief, the most outstanding disciple of the Heavenly Palace, Zhong Chou, was ranked in the top three. He was as famous as Feng Ge and Ye Shang. He also had the ability to comprehend Dao with a single thought, and his soul power was even stronger than Ye Shang's!
"Buzz!"
The eight purple Soul Longswords shot forward like swimming dragons. At the same time, Chou Xue began to retreat quickly.
Not only was he extremely powerful, he was also very experienced in battle.
The other side was a special environment. As long as one was not stopped by the Soul-entangling Silk, one could leave the other side at any time.
Therefore, he chose to keep a distance from the other side from the very beginning. This way, he could ensure his own safety.
"Swish swish swish swish swish …"
The eight Soul Longswords danced in the air, as if forming a sword curtain. They really did stop Ji Yan and the others for a while.
In just a short while, the disciples of the Heaven Palace brought by Chou Xue rushed to Feng Ge's side.
The few You Xiong Clan people couldn't deal with them. They all chose to leave the other side, directly leaving Feng Ge where he was …
"You're really smart!"
Ji Yan saw Chou Xue and the others divide the work in an orderly manner. In the blink of an eye, they saved Feng Ge. One could imagine how angry Ji Yan was.
He flicked his finger slightly. Following his move, six or seven small snakes darted towards Chou Xue. These small snakes were purple-black, and their mouths were opened to the maximum, showing two creepy fangs. If one was bitten by them, the consequences would be severe.
Chou Xue's hands had already turned into eight Soul Longswords. It was impossible for him to stop these small snakes.
He kept retreating, but the speed of the little snake was even faster!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
Those small snakes caught up with Chou Xue and pierced into his sun soul.
"Hit?" Seeing this, Ji Yan was overjoyed.
However, Chou Xue's sun soul became blurry. He had left the other side, and those small snakes had only hit Chou Xue's afterimage.
After Chou Xue left, the eight Soul Longswords disappeared as well …
Ji Yan realized that he was played by Chou Xue again. He was furious, but since Chou Xue had left the other side, there was nothing he could do.
"Kill the rest of the Heaven Palace disciples. If they run away, kill that so-called prince Feng Ge!" Said Ji Yan angrily.
His [Dragon Snake Trap] wasn't easy to break. The Heaven Palace disciples could leave the other side, but Feng Ge couldn't.
Hearing this, Feng Ge, who was tied up, was shocked as well. You Xiong Family people wouldn't really dare to kill him, would they?
Once Ji Yan gave the order, Chou Xue returned to the other side.
He said with the same cynical tone, "Let me remind you, I'm not trying to be smart. Let me remind you again, this is called a soul fighting skill."
"F * ck your soul fighting skill!" Ji Yan wanted nothing more than to tear this talkative guy apart.
"The first rule of the soul fighting skill is that when the soul leaves the other side, the divided soul will leave as well. If the soul returns within a short period of time, the divided soul won't merge with the original body. Instead, the divided soul will reappear where it disappeared …" Chou Xue said with a grin, "Appear!"
Those Soul Longswords, which had disappeared, reappeared.
You Xiong Family people had already rushed out for a while, and those Soul Longswords flew over from their backs.
Puff! Puff! Puff! Puff …
At this moment, the sun souls of quite a few You Xiong Family disciples were directly penetrated.
Even Ji Yan was cut by those Soul Longswords. Instantly, he felt a burning pain in his sun soul.
Attacks like these weren't fatal, but they had a great impact on their sun souls!

Chapter 2911
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The boat was flipped.
"This guy from the Heaven Palace is so strong..."
"He held up the entire You Xiong Family group all by himself!"
"If I were him, I would have run long ago."
The non-humankind beings discussed.
The nine people of the Nuwa Clan stood in the distance, quietly watching this scene.
"You Xiong Family people are causing trouble for the Heaven Palace. Should we do something?" A clear voice sounded.
"Forget it... Don't forget our purpose." Another woman shook her head and said.
If the mother world was divided into three major factions, the Nuwa Family in Li Mountain should be on the side of the Heaven Palace. However, the alliance between the two races hadn't been exposed yet, and the Nuwa Family didn't want to cause too much trouble, so they chose to stand aside and watch.
Chou Xinghe was still retreating quickly.
After the sneak attack, the eight soul swords broke under Chou Xinghe's control, turning into tens of shards that flew in all directions. At the same time, Chou Xinghe left the other side of the river.
"Damn it, he's doing this again!"
"Watch out for those shards!"
"If the kid returns to the other side, those shards will be hard to defend against!"
The You Xiong Family people all gnashed their teeth in anger.
This time, Chou Xinghe broke the eight soul swords completely and scattered them all over the place.
If the You Xiong Family continued to chase after Chou Xinghe, they would have to keep an eye on those shards. That way, the You Xiong Family people wouldn't dare to move recklessly.
"No one has ever dared to trick me like this!"
In Ji Yan's eyes, what Chou Xinghe did was nothing but a small trick.
He completely ignored the scattered fragments and charged in the direction where Chou Xue had left the other shore.
A purple light flashed in Ji Yan's hand, and a thin blade appeared in his hand.
As long as Chou Xinghe returned to the other side, he would kill him!
The disciples of the Heaven Palace fled with Feng Ge, while the other non-humankind beings stared at the You Xiong Family. The disciples of the You Xiong Family stood where they were, while Ji Yan waited without moving.
One breath …
Three breaths …
Ten breaths …
"Come out! Bastard! "
Ji Yan cursed.
It seemed that Chou Xinghe wasn't going to answer Bi.
In the Heaven Palace …
On a certain mountain, a long-haired Chou Xue sat in the center of a hall. He wore a dirty Daoist robe, and his face was covered in a beard, making him look a little sloppy.
But Chou Martyrdom seemed to be in a good mood, with an easy-going smile on his face.
Beside Chou Martyrdom, another person suddenly opened his eyes.
"Junior Brother Han, that brat still hasn't left?" Chou Xue asked.
Junior Apprentice Brother Han shrugged his shoulders. "No, don't go in no matter what. I saw him roaring like a madman. If you go in, I'm afraid he'll kill you."
"I was just waiting for your news." Chou Xue patted Junior Brother Han's shoulder. Junior Brother Han closed his eyes, and the aura of the True Meaning of the Dao spread out, returning to the other shore.
The same method might have a miraculous effect the first time, but it would be greatly reduced the second time. Although Ji Yan was a little reckless, he was not a fool after all. Of course, Chou Xue would not return to the other side casually.
Junior Apprentice Brother Han went to the Temple of Heaven with him. During the conflict just now, he ordered Junior Apprentice Brother Han to hide at the side. In any case, the You Xiong Clan could not confirm whether Junior Apprentice Brother Han was a disciple of the Heavenly Palace.
As for Junior Apprentice Brother Han going in and out of the other shore, although this action was strange, who would pay attention to him?
Ji Yan realized that waiting here was meaningless, and finally understood that he should do something.
"What are you all still doing here!"
"Get that woman back for me!"
Ji Yan roared, and took the lead to chase forward. As long as he caught Feng Ge, no matter what tricks Chou Xue played, it would be meaningless.
The You Xiong Clan probably also felt that Chou Xue would not return, and each of them activated their soul power and followed behind Ji Yan.
Just as Ji Yan left, Junior Apprentice Brother Han quietly left the other shore.
After Chou Xue was reminded, he also returned to the other shore.
"Weng …"
The fragments of the broken swords naturally appeared one by one.
"Pu pu pu …"
All the fragments once again shot towards the sun soul of the You Xiong Clan.
But this time, the You Xiong Clan was prepared, and the effect was indeed greatly reduced. Only three people were hit, and the fragments did not cause much damage to them.
Ji Yan suddenly stopped, turned around, and at the same time let out a long breath. "Petty tricks are petty tricks, as long as someone has something on you, you will never have a chance to escape."
Chou Xue controlled the fragments of the broken swords and asked, "What do you mean?"
"This time, let's see how you can leave the other shore." Ji Yan turned around and walked over, looking very calm, as if Chou Xue had become a fish on the chopping board.
"Look at his feet!"
"Ji Yan just set up the Soul-entangling Silk!"
"There's nothing to see, he's going to be unlucky."
Under the discussion of the other clans, Chou Xue subconsciously looked down.
There was a layer of blue Soul-entangling Silk under his feet, and as he returned to the other shore, these Soul-entangling Silk naturally wrapped around his feet.
Chou Xue smiled bitterly. Junior Brother Han must have missed this detail when he went in and out of the other shore. He was not careful enough …
Ji Yan would not give Chou Xue too much time. After taking a few steps slowly, he jumped up and flew towards Chou Xue. The other You Xiong Clan people also surrounded Ji Yan.
As for Shennong, the Golden Crow and the others, although they did not really attack, they also blocked the back.
He could not leave the other shore, and in front of him was a hopeless situation, how could he retreat?
Even in such a hopeless situation, Chou Xue's state of mind was still calm. Eight soul swords danced, and forcibly held back a portion of the You Xiong Clan people.
But Ji Yan went around those soul swords, and slashed towards Chou Xue with the thin blade in his hand.
Chou Xue's hands had turned into swords. Without arms, how could he be Ji Yan's opponent?
He could only choose to move his feet, and keep dodging.
But after dodging a few times, Ji Yan finally found an opening. The thin blade in his hand suddenly emitted a blood-red light, and slashed towards Chou Xue's head.
Chou Xue didn't know what the blood-red light contained in the thin blade meant, but if he was hit, Chou Xue's sun soul would be gone.
Some of the other clans who were watching the fight shook their heads. They had already foreseen Chou Xue's miserable situation, and they sighed in their hearts.
Right at this moment, a starlight spot flew over.
"Ding!"
Along with a crisp sound, a small soul sword circled in the air, then returned to the chest of a human woman.
It was Ling Shuang who threw out this small soul sword.
After Song Feiyu left the other shore, he really did complain, which brought Ling Shuang quite a lot of trouble.
But Ling Shuang insisted on going back to the other shore.
Unexpectedly, as soon as she arrived, she saw the Heaven Palace disciples fighting against the You Xiong Clan people.

Chapter 2912
After Ling Shuang's Sun Soul had grown to an Indigo Soul, this attack was also extremely powerful.
Not only was the thin blade in Ji Yan's hand knocked away, but the powerful soul force also forced Ji Yan to take several steps back.
If an ordinary person was in a life and death situation and was saved by someone, their first thought would be to escape.
However, Chou Xinghe was not an ordinary person.
He didn't even bother to see who had saved him. Seeing Ji Yan stumbling backwards, he stomped his feet and somersaulted in the air.
Before Ji Yan could react, he felt a heavy pressure on his head.
His mind was directly trampled under Sorrow's feet. With a thud, he fell to the ground.
"Withdraw!"
Sorrowful martyrdom poured out a single word.
The eight soul swords retracted and were about to pierce through Ji Yan's body.
Regaining his senses, Ji Yan suddenly burst out with a vigorous soul power, and a faint image of a bear appeared on his back.
At this moment, the strength of his soul increased by several times. Chou Xingzhe simply could not suppress it and was directly sent flying by Ji Yan!
"What a pity …"
Chou Xinghe, who was floating in the air, sighed in his heart.
Chou Xun's initial plan was to use the soul sword to kill Ji Yan.
It was impossible for the Heavenly Palace to be a match for so many superpowers. He had almost reached his goal just now.
The Giant Bear behind Ji Yan appeared like an enraged lion. "Shennong, my brothers from Jinwu, what are you waiting for? Kill him! "
At this moment, Ji Yan no longer chased after Chou Xue, and instead, he went straight for Ling Shuang.
"Those who dare to stop me don't know how to spell the word 'death'!"
Ji Yan's speed was extremely fast, and his aura was almost unparalleled. Bystanders who looked at him felt a sense of dread.
"Is that the You Xiong Clan's Giant Bear Soul Condensation?"
"He's really strong! However, it is said that Giant Bears have to pay a high price to condense their souls. "
"That human girl who attacked just now isn't weak either …"
When Ling Shuang saw Ji Yan rushing towards her, a look of panic appeared on her face.
Ling Shuang didn't have much experience in the battle of souls.
Buzz!
As the Soul Oracle Necklace glowed brightly, the soul dagger shot toward Ji Yan once more.
Seeing that the small soul spirit sword was about to hit Ji Yan, Ji Yan didn't even look at it, and stretched out his hand to slap it.
"Clang!"
The small soul spirit sword was actually sent flying by his slap.
"Ah …"
Seeing this scene, Ling Shuang would be a fool if she didn't run.
Her Yang Soul flashed and flew towards the other side.
However, her speed was not as fast as Ji Yan's, and the distance between the two of them continued to shrink.
"Leave the Paramita now!"
Chou Xinghe shouted from afar.
While he was dealing with the Divine Farmer Clan and the Jinwu, he was also paying attention to what was happening here. He found Ling Shuang was running away stupidly. She was too clumsy, so he could only warn her loudly.
In a situation where she could not escape, Ling Shuang was ready to chant the Break Illusion spell to escape. But at that moment, Ling Shuang saw a familiar figure appear in front of her.
He forcefully swallowed the Illusion Breaking Spell that he was about to chant.
"What the hell are you thinking …"
Seeing that Ling Shuang still hadn't left the other shore, Chou Xinghe felt helpless. Naturally, he didn't notice what was in front of Ling Shuang.
Ji Yan was only fifty to sixty feet away from Ling Shuang. He was also afraid that Ling Shuang would leave the other side of the river. Therefore, he pushed his soul power to the maximum, and the Giant Bear behind him glowed with a faint golden light.
As Ji Yan leaped forward, his hands turned into sharp claws and scratched toward Ling Shuang's back.
Ling Shuang abruptly threw herself forward. The person in front of her stretched out his arm and caught Ling Shuang. With a light twirl, the two of them spun in a circle, cleverly neutralizing the impact of Ling Shuang's attack. That person then sent a palm strike towards Ji Yan.
"You are courting death!"
At this moment, Ji Yan didn't have time to figure out who that person was. He only knew that he had activated the Giant Bear Soul Consolidation. Every time he activated it, a part of his Sun Soul would be burned. The burned Sun Soul couldn't be replenished with Soul Elixirs. He could only use Soul Crystals.
What he burned was the Soul Crystal, which was his own cultivation!
Although the price was high, the improvement was obvious. No one in the Thirteen Heavens could stop him.
Ji Yan's hands moved to the left and right side of his body and tried to strangle the palm that was coming toward him. He thought that with this move, he could break his opponent's arm. At the same time, he would attack again and tear his opponent apart.
But all of this was just Ji Yan's imagination. When his hands came into contact with his opponent's palm, he felt something strange.
That arm didn't seem to be made of a soul. Instead, it seemed to be made of steel.
Not to mention breaking the arm, he couldn't even move it …
"How …"
Just as Ji Yan was puzzled, Luo Zheng laughed coldly. "I wonder who is the one courting death?"
As he spoke, his palm slammed into Ji Yan's chest.
"Pu!"
It was just a light slap.
The power contained within it was more than a hundred times greater than Ji Yan's.
The Giant Bear phantom behind Ji Yan tried its best to protect Ji Yan, but it only lasted for half a breath's time before the phantom dissipated and Ji Yan was sent flying backwards like a piece of paper.
As the Giant Bear disappeared, his Sun Soul also began to crumble, gradually dissipating into the Paramita Realm …
With just a single palm, Ji Yan's Giant Bear Soul Consolidation had been destroyed!
When the foreign races saw that person, their faces were filled with shock.
"A physical body?"
"How did a physical body come here?"
"Haven't you heard? It's said that this person caused a great disturbance in the Liyuan Family, and almost destroyed their temple! "
Some of the Outsiders on the scene knew about this, but most of them didn't. When they saw Luo Zheng's physical body, they all had different expressions on their faces.
Luo Zheng gently let go of Ling Shuang's arm and put her on the ground. Ling Shuang said, "You're late."
"Why did they fight?" Luo Zheng frowned and said.
Before he came here with his physical body, he asked Ling Shuang to leave the Paramita Realm, just in case.
He didn't expect to see Ling Shuang being hunted down as soon as he arrived. Naturally, he was blaming her.
Ling Shuang pouted and said, "How would I know? When I returned to the Paramita Realm, I saw the Heavenly Palace disciples fighting against the You Xiong Family. Chou Xun was almost killed, so I stepped in … "
When she had arrived at the Paramita Realm, she had seen Chou Xun on the verge of death. As for why the Heavenly Palace disciples were fighting against the You Xiong Family, she didn't know.
Chou Xun had been besieged by the Jinwu Family and the Divine Farmer Clan. Although he was flexible and cunning, the Divine Farmer Clan and the Jinwu Family were quite powerful. Chou Xun was about to be defeated.
However, with the appearance of Luo Zheng and the change in Ji Yan's situation, everyone stopped fighting.
The Jinwu Family and the Divine Farmer Clan didn't want to get involved in this dispute. It was Ji Yan who had asked them to step in.
The Golden Crow Clan probably hadn't seen Luo Zheng's body, but when Luo Zheng demolished the You Xiong Clan's temple, the Divine Farmer Clan's people had seen it clearly. Even if they hadn't seen it, they had heard about it.

Chapter 2913
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Inquiring
Chou Xue had fought with the Divine Farmer Clan and the Jinwu Clan, and his Sun Soul was also damaged.
But after he stopped, he didn't have any resentment. He was still optimistic. After absorbing some Soul Elixirs, he turned to Luo Zheng and said, "His Highness Feng Ge is still being chased by the You Xiong Clan. He went that way!"
Chou Xue didn't know Luo Zheng's identity, but he knew that Luo Zheng was on the Heaven Palace's side.
When Ji Yan was chasing after Chou Xue, some of the You Xiong Clan went after the disciples of the Heaven Palace. He didn't know what was going on there.
"Feng Ge?"
"How could it be her?"
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang were stunned.
Especially Ling Shuang, who had some strange feelings. The scene on the Taihao Mountain and what Concubine Yan had said came back to her mind.
"I'll go and save her."
As Luo Zheng spoke, he took a step forward and rushed in the direction that Chou Xue had pointed out.
Ling Shuang curled her lips and didn't say anything.
Luo Zheng ran all the way forward. In less than half an hour, he saw a dozen humans fighting in the distance.
A human woman was lying on the ground. She was tied up by a small snake and couldn't move.
Although it was the first time Luo Zheng saw Feng Ge in the Nirvana World, he could vaguely recognize him from the silhouette.
Feng Ge, who had been tied up by the Dragon-Snake Trap, was so anxious that he almost spat blood.
She had never suffered a big loss in the Nirvana World. Who knew that she would end up like this? Of course, she was very angry.
Those disciples of the Heaven Palace were at a disadvantage. They chose to retreat from the Nirvana World for the time being. The You Xiong Clan fought harder and harder. In the blink of an eye, there were only five or six disciples of the Heaven Palace left.
"Sorry, His Highness Feng Ge, I … I can't hold on anymore!" A disciple of the Heaven Palace whose Sun Soul was seriously damaged chose to retreat from the Nirvana World.
The other two disciples of the Heaven Palace didn't have time to escape. They were killed by the You Xiong Clan directly. Their Sun Souls collapsed after they screamed.
The last two disciples of the Heavenly Palace realized that the situation was hopeless and decisively cast the Illusion Breaking Spell.
In the blink of an eye, only Feng Ge was left.
"For this little girl, I actually lost two of my clansmen!"
"Didn't you hear Big Brother Ji Yan? She is a direct descendant of the Eastern Emperor! "
A You Xiong man grabbed Feng Ge up from the ground, chuckled and said, "You are a direct descendant, aren't you? So what if he was born into a noble family? Wait till we get to the stronghold, see how I'll humiliate you! "
"You, you dare …" Feng Ge's voice was filled with fear.
Although her spiritual body was not as strong as her physical body, who had ever dared to threaten her like this?
Falling into the hands of You Xiong Family, she couldn't imagine what would happen to her.
"Why wouldn't I dare? This is the Nirvana Realm. Why should we be afraid of East Emperor attacking our You Xiong Clan? "That You Xiong Clan man said arrogantly.
"If Donghuang dares to come, I'll make sure he never leaves!"
"The Heavenly Palace has been living in seclusion for so many years. Although it is known as one of the three orthodoxies of the human race, it is only in name. Hahaha!"
"…"
While these You Xiong Clan people were making all kinds of sarcastic remarks, a gust of wind suddenly came.
"Above."
Hearing this voice, these You Xiong Clan people raised their heads by reflex, only to see a dark shadow flash across their eyes.
"Boom!"
The You Xiong man who grabbed Feng Ge was stomped directly into ashes by Luo Zheng. Meanwhile, Luo Zheng reached out his hand and gently waved towards those You Xiong Clan people. His hand vibrated slightly, and all those You Xiong Clan people who were touched by his hand were crushed.
They didn't even have the time to run to the Nirvana Realm before they died.
Feng Ge sat on the ground, staring at this scene in a daze, and didn't react for a while.
What happened in the temple was so serious that Feng Ge had heard about it too. But of course, she didn't know that it was Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't answer Feng Ge's question. Instead, he put his hand on her back and pinched the small snake with his fingers. The small snake was torn apart by him. Meanwhile, Luo Zheng lowered his voice and said, "Come with me."
Although Luo Zheng changed his voice slightly, Feng Ge still felt that this voice was somewhat familiar.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge had only met twice at the Seven Mountains Meeting and in the Taishi Palace. She didn't remember him at the moment. Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to leave, she said helplessly, "I, I don't have the strength …"
After binding Feng Ge with the "Dragon-Snake Trap", it kept extracting Feng Ge's soul power. Obviously, she was also very weak.
It was impossible for him to leave her in this desolate place …
Luo Zheng thought for a while. He put his hands under her armpits, helped her up, and then carried her on his back.
This was probably the first time Feng Ge was carried on the back of a member of the opposite sex, although it was in the Nirvana Realm.
The touch of the soul was very unique. She felt that Luo Zheng's back was as hard as a rock. Her heart pounded, and her thoughts became chaotic. At the same time, she became more and more curious about this person.
He had been helping the Heavenly Palace. It was very likely that he was a disciple of the Heavenly Palace.
Although the Heavenly Palace didn't admit this, most people had this inference.
"Are you … a disciple of the Heavenly Palace?" Feng Ge asked softly. She whispered in a soft and pleasant voice.
Luo Zheng had seen Feng Ge twice. Both times, she was arrogant. He was not used to her sudden change. He smiled and said, "Yes, and no."
This answer was ambiguous. It was as if he didn't say anything.
Feng Ge blinked and asked again, "Then is your Deity in the Heavenly Palace?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng answered.
"Can I see you?" Feng Ge asked again.
Luo Zheng shook his head and didn't say anything.
The secret of his physical body would not be revealed to others unless it was absolutely necessary.
The reason Ling Shuang knew was that he was forced into a corner in the Dao Sword Palace. Otherwise, he would most likely have quietly entered the Greater One Heavenly Palace as an unknown disciple, instead of being brought back by Lin Zhanting and the others.
After being rejected by Luo Zheng, Feng Ge was a little disappointed. But after all, he had saved her life. She couldn't force him to show himself. Besides, she really didn't have the ability to do so.
Many foreign races were still waiting at the entrance of the Temple of Heaven. Many of them were already impatient.
"Ear Mouse! We have already handed over the Soul Pills. Are you not going to open the Temple of Heaven? "
"Or is this a scam? You don't have the Paramita Key! "
"What are you waiting for?"
The Ear Mouse was naturally waiting for Luo Zheng.
If Luo Zheng wasn't here, how could they open the door so easily?
Although they had learned about Luo Zheng's physical body through various channels, seeing was believing. Just now, Luo Zheng had gently pushed out a palm and directly shattered Ji Yan's Sun Soul. This kind of power made the Ear Mouse overjoyed.
Ling Shuang stood together with her worries, waiting for Luo Zheng's news.
She looked around and saw Luo Zheng carrying a Sun Soul in the distance. Her eyebrows immediately furrowed and she muttered, "Feng Ge doesn't have legs. Can't he walk on his own …"

Chapter 2914
All the members of the Mysterious Clan were watching Luo Zheng quietly. Most of them had fear in their eyes.
The Ear Mice were very relaxed. It seemed that the Sun Soul named Luo Zheng was right. Luo Zheng was indeed the spokesperson of this body.
"Squeak … you are finally here!"
The Three-ear Mice took the lead to greet him. Although it was the first time they had seen this body, they still expressed their full respect.
Luo Zheng certainly knew that the Ear Mice had been waiting for him, but he didn't want to talk about opening the door now. "Let's talk about opening the door later."
He bypassed the Ear Mice and walked toward the disciples of the Heavenly Palace. At the same time, he asked, "Which clans attacked the disciples of the Heavenly Palace just now?"
As soon as Luo Zheng said this, the members of the You Xiong Clan, the Shennong Clan, the Golden Crow Clan, and other clans were shocked.
"The You Xiong Clan, the Golden Crow Clan, the Shennong Clan, and the Minyue Clan," Chou Xinghe replied carefully.
Luo Zheng glanced around and saw the bird-shaped Sun Souls of the Jinwu Clan. He said, "Don't even think about exploring the Temple of Heaven. You can choose to get out of the Nirvana World or be killed by me."
Hearing Luo Zheng's choice, the expressions of these clans became more and more gloomy.
Even if Luo Zheng's body was extremely powerful, it only made them a little afraid. After all, they could leave the Nirvana World at any time.
Therefore, even many members of the You Xiong Clan stood in the distance and watched. They didn't give up the idea of exploring the Temple of Heaven. After all, they had already paid the Soul Elixir.
If the Ear Mice were on the side of the body, the situation would be different.
Moreover, once they entered the Temple of Heaven, they couldn't leave the Nirvana World. At that time, they would be at the mercy of this body.
"My friend, every injustice has its perpetrator and every debt has its debtor. Just now, the You Xiong Clan kept asking for help. We had no choice but to attack. Moreover, we didn't kill any disciples of the Heavenly Palace. It's a bit overbearing for you to not let us enter the temple," a member of the Divine Farmer Clan said.
"But the Divine Farmer Clan still chose to attack?" Luo Zheng laughed coldly, "Since you chose to follow You Xiong Family, you have to pay the price. Back then, your Shennong Family joined hands with You Xiong Family to exterminate the Nine Li Clan. It's not that we don't want to take revenge, it's just that the time hasn't come yet."
The annihilation of a super force was a big deal even in the huge Mother World. All the non-human creatures present knew what happened back then. If Shennong hadn't suddenly attacked and caused Jiuli to be attacked from both sides, Jiuli wouldn't have been destroyed.
The other creatures of different races felt a little strange. Why did Luo Zheng mention the Nine Li Tribe at this time?
Luo Zheng's tone contained a trace of anger. Was he from the Jiuli Tribe?
Feng Ge, who was hiding behind Luo Zheng, also felt Luo Zheng's aura. He guessed that this person's identity was more complicated than he had imagined.
The six people standing in the corner were even more stunned.
"Brother! Why did he mention Jiuli! Could he be of the same race as us? "The human girl lowered her voice and asked.
"It sounds like it," another person said.
The strongest person among them shook his head, "Not necessarily. Maybe he was just making a comparison. The branches of the Nine Li Tribe are either dead or scattered. How could we give birth to such a person …"
Now, the Nine Li Tribe had lost all its resources. It was difficult for the younger generation to compete with the other big clans. The decline of the Nine Li Tribe was inevitable.
The human girl curled her lips. She knew her brother was very suspicious. But she had made up her mind that if she had a chance, she would ask him in person.
The Divine Farmer Clan didn't refute. Not far away, a member of You Xiong Family laughed and said, "Your Excellency, I really admire you for reaching the Nirvana Realm with your physical body. But you said we would pay the price. I don't know whether you will pay the price by yourself or by the Heaven Palace!"
The You Xiong Family knew it was hopeless to enter the All-Heaven Divine Temple. They weren't afraid of offending Luo Zheng.
Although the Heaven Palace was one of the three orthodoxies of the human race, it couldn't compete with the You Xiong Family in terms of overall size, let alone the Divine Farmer Clan.
"It's not me alone, nor is it the Heavenly Palace. It's the righteous path of the world. Those crooked paths can be awe-inspiring for a while, but they can't be awe-inspiring forever. In the end, they will be annihilated by the long river of history and become insignificant grains of sand," Luo Zheng's voice was powerful and resonant.
He couldn't compete with the You Xiong Family alone, and neither could the Heaven Palace. However, many superpowers in the Mother World had chosen the Path of the End. Those superpowers were potential allies of the Heaven Palace.
"Well said!"
A half-human, half-snake woman of the Nuwa Tribe applauded.
"The Path of the End is the right way!"
"There are always some idiots who want to use some specious reasons to realize their ambitions!"
"I always think Lie Shan is a bad guy!"
Most of these Alien Clans were living beings who believed in the Path of the End.
In fact, the debate about the Great Path was not for these young people. But it didn't mean they didn't know about it.
Luo Zheng said what was on their minds. Of course, they would agree and agree.
Those from the You Xiong Family were not convinced. They still wanted to argue, but Luo Zheng had already lost interest.
People who walked different paths could not make plans together. If they really argued about these reasons, it would take days and nights to finish. He waved his hand at the Ear Mouse and said, "You can clear the area now. I don't want to see these people again."
The Ear Mice were even less interested in these arguments. Since Luo Zheng was here, it was time to open the door. Arguing about these things was a waste of time.
"Squeak! Planer! Come out and clear the area! Those who haven't handed in the Soul Core Token, including the You Xiong Family, Shennong Family, Jinwu Family, and Minyue Family, are not allowed to enter. Everyone else, please gather in front of the Sky Temple! "the Ear Mouse shouted.
Not far away, a dozen Ear Mice each carried a spray bottle. These bottles kept spraying out light blue liquid. After the liquid was sprayed out, it covered the ground in a layer.
This liquid was called "Soul Avoiding Water". It had the same effect as the "Soul Breaking Sand" of the Heavenly Palace and the You Xiong Family's Soul Entangling Silk. It prevented the Yang Soul from leaving the other side.
After being covered in the Soul Avoiding Water, the Ear Mice set up a restriction against the Yang Soul. The entire front of the Sky Temple became a temporary desperate situation. No Yang Soul dared to barge in.
"Since you don't let our Minyue Family enter the Sky Temple, please return the Soul Core Token we handed in earlier," a Minyue Family member said.
The Soul Core Token had already fallen into the hands of the Ear Mouse. It would be extremely difficult to make them spit it out.
But in front of so many foreign races, it was impossible to renege on the debt!
The Ear Mouse rolled his eyes and squeaked, "Change what I just said. The You Xiong Family, Shennong Family, Jinwu Family, and Minyue Family have already handed in the Soul Core Token. They can enter at will, but we are not responsible for their lives."
Luo Zheng was still standing in front of the Sky Temple!

Chapter 2915
Ear Mouse's True Purpose
"Pfft …"
Feng Ge laughed on Luo Zheng's back. She knew that the Ear Mouse clan was very smart, but this was too shameless.
At this time, Ling Shuang suddenly said, "You should come down. How can you keep lying on someone's back?"
Ling Shuang had been unhappy for a long time, but she didn't want to lose her temper just now.
Feng Ge was scolded by Ling Shuang for no reason. She was very unhappy and said coldly, "Who are you? What does it have to do with you that I am willing to be carried by him? "
Feng Ge couldn't see Ling Shuang's face, so she didn't recognize who she was. She only thought that she was a disciple of the Heavenly Palace. How many disciples of the Heavenly Palace could enter Feng Ge's eyes?
"You!" Ling Shuang raised her eyebrows. She was about to call out "Luo Zheng", but she thought that she couldn't reveal her identity, so she held back. She reached out and pinched Luo Zheng's arm. "Hey! Put her down! "
Luo Zheng's mind was not on the two women just now. He didn't expect that the two women behind him would have such a conflict.
He was still in a daze, but Chou Xue reacted quickly. He chuckled and said, "We're all family. Prince Feng Ge, this is Prince Ling Shuang. Just now, Prince Ling Shuang even lent a helping hand …"
"So it was you." Feng Ge was also slightly surprised.
"So what if it was me?" Ling Shuang's momentum was not weaker than Feng Ge's.
Feng Ge's stubbornness flared up. She didn't back down. She leaned her head on Luo Zheng's shoulder and deliberately said, "My soul energy has been sucked dry. I don't have any strength left. I can't come down!"
When Luo Zheng carried her here, she had been replenishing her soul pills. Even though she had lost a considerable amount of soul strength, she was now almost recovered.
Feng Ge's words were exactly what Ling Shuang wanted.
With a smile on her face, Ling Shuang said, "The temple is about to open. Since your soulforce is insufficient, you should withdraw from the other side and have a good rest. Your Highness Feng Ge must take care of your Saint Body. This Temple of Heaven is dangerous …"
Who would have thought that just as she finished speaking, Ling Shuang would jump down from Luo Zheng's back with a 'shua' sound. Even though she was in her Yang Soul form, one could still see that her flexibility was astonishing. She coldly replied, "I don't have the fortune to make Her Highness Ling Shuang care about me. It's just a mere replenishment of my Soul Power!"
As he spoke, Feng Ge took out a Soul Pill and continuously absorbed it into her Yang Soul's body. Her soul's aura also quickly filled up.
"Your Highness Feng Ge, the journey to the Temple of Heaven is fraught with dangers. Your Ten Thousand Gold Body is indeed not suitable to enter," Luo Zheng also advised.
Whether it was Chou Xue or Ling Shuang, neither was in Luo Zheng's plan. However, the matter of the Temple of Heaven would naturally attract the disciples of the Heavenly Palace. Moreover, the conflict caused by Feng Ge was also unexpected by Luo Zheng.
"I don't have a Ten Thousand Gold Body. Compared to someone, I'm not so delicate," Feng Ge's words were full of thorns.
Ling Shuang raised her eyebrows and wanted to retort, but Luo Zheng reached out and pinched her arm. Ling Shuang endured it. The purpose of her and Luo Zheng coming here was not to quarrel with Feng Ge.
The Eared Mouse Clan used the "Soul Repelling Water" to seal the area in front of the temple and set up a barrier above it. Those large clans who had paid their Soul Pills were lined up in front of the temple.
The Liyuan Clan, who had been particularly arrogant at the beginning, had remained silent since Luo Zheng's appearance.
Most of these Liyuan Clan members had rushed over from the Eleventh Layer of Heaven. They had seen Luo Zheng's huge figure with their own eyes. They were full of fear towards Luo Zheng's body, but they were afraid to avoid it. How could they dare to provoke it?
When the various foreign clans were ready, one of the Eared Mice climbed up the steps in front of the Temple of Heaven and stretched out a thin claw. Thin and long lines appeared on this claw.
As it gently pressed its claw in front of the door, the gate of the Temple of Heaven flashed with a metallic luster and slowly opened.
The foreign clans all seemed incomparably anxious. They all wanted to take the lead and enter first, but this area had been set up with the Eared Mice's barrier, so they could only act according to the Eared Mice's orders.
"Okay, you can go in," said the Eared Mouse who opened the gate of the temple.
As soon as he finished speaking, the Liyuan Clan's enormous Yang souls rushed into the divine temple without hesitation.
The other foreign clans also rushed in, each one fighting to be first …
In contrast, the Eared Mice didn't seem to be in a hurry, even though they were the ones who had opened the gate.
More than two thousand Sun Souls had just gathered in front of the temple, but in a short while, they had all entered the temple.
"You guys go in too," Ling Shuang said to Chou Xue.
What she meant was for Chou Xue to quickly take Feng Ge away. She really felt that Feng Ge was an eyesore.
Ling Shuang had been with Luo Zheng ever since she entered the Sea of True Intent. She didn't want anyone else to be there.
However, Chou Xue, Feng Ge, and the other disciples of the Heavenly Palace clearly felt that following Luo Zheng was the best choice. Would they be fools not to hug this thigh?
Luo Zheng didn't move, so they didn't move either.
"I have an agreement with the Eared Mice. I can only bring Ling Shuang into the temple," Luo Zheng explained.
Among the living beings who entered the temple, only Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang didn't pay the Soul Pills.
Feng Ge looked deeply at Luo Zheng. She had a straightforward personality. Since he didn't intend to explore the temple with her, she also stepped into the temple.
Chou Xue cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang and said, "Since that's the case, we'll go in first. I still have to thank the two of you for saving me!"
"It's a small matter. Don't mention it," Luo Zheng replied.
After the disciples of the Heavenly Palace had also entered, Luo Zheng also walked up the steps and to the entrance of the Temple of Heaven.
At this time, the Eared Mice surrounded him. One of the Eared Mice asked respectfully, "How should I address this human friend?"
"You can just call me Tianxing," Luo Zheng replied.
The Eared Mice also understood that Luo Zheng wouldn't tell them his real name, so they didn't care about it. One of the Eared Mice asked, "Since Your Excellency Tianxing has entered the Nirvana Realm with your physical body, you must have something extraordinary. I wonder if it's possible for you to destroy the Temple of Heaven?"
"Destroy the Temple of Heaven …"
Luo Zheng could easily tear down the Temple of Heavenly Sunflower of the First Layer of Heaven. The temples built by the You Xiong Clan of the Fourth Layer of Heaven and the buildings built by the Eleventh Layer of Heaven were even worse. They were almost like paper in front of him.
However, Luo Zheng didn't have much confidence in destroying the Temple of Heaven of the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven.
This Temple of Heaven had a faint metallic luster. It seemed that some special metal was mixed in during the construction.
He walked to the door and pressed against the wall, slowly releasing his power.
"Sizzle …"
The wall was obviously stronger than Luo Zheng had expected. Even though Luo Zheng had used 50% of his power, he only left a fingerprint on the surface of the wall.
"The thickness of the wall of this temple is five feet wide. It will be quite difficult to destroy it," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Who knew that when the Eared Mice saw this, their faces would be filled with ecstasy.
"Your Excellency Tianxing can actually make the wall cave in!" the Eared Mouse praised.
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng didn't understand.
"There is a wall blocking the path between the Temple of Heaven and the Hidden Realm. That wall naturally can't be compared to the outer wall of the Temple of Heaven. However, with Your Excellency Tianxing's divine power, there shouldn't be a problem!" the Eared Mouse explained.
The Eared Mice weren't in a hurry because they knew that no Yang soul could destroy that wall.

Chapter 2916
Compared to the other large clans, the Ear Mouse had an incomparable advantage in this regard.
After all, the Ear Mouse controlled most of the transactions in the Paramita Temple. Whether it was the Paramita Key or the Paramita Token, they all knew where it went.
In the past ten years, the Paramita Key of the Temple of Heaven had been very rare, and only three keys had been sold in total. When a strange phenomenon appeared at the back of the Temple of Heaven, the Ear Mouse immediately found the creature who held the Paramita Key, and offered to buy it at an extremely high price.
But when they explored the end of the Temple of Heaven, a wall caused the Ear Mice to fall into despair.
The Sun Soul could not pass through it at all.
Then, the Ear Mice quickly came up with another strategy and began to spread the news. Thus, the Temple of Heaven quickly became known to the major forces of the Mother World.
At this time, the Ear Mice's goal was to earn more Soul Pills. In any case, the wall could not be passed, so they definitely could not enter the Hidden Domain.
But a few days ago, the news from the Fourth and Eleventh Layers of Heaven made the Ear Mice change their strategy again!
They saw hope in breaking through the wall, and this hope was the "Celestial" in front of them.
The Temple of Heaven was built very widely. The entire temple was a hundred times larger than the Sky Sunflower Temple.
After Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang followed the Ear Mice inside, they saw a wide hall. In front of the hall, there was a statue.
The statue was sixty feet tall, with the head of an eagle and the body of a bear. It had an extraordinary aura.
"This is the clan that built the Temple of Heaven?" Luo Zheng asked.
One of the Ear Mice nodded, "The Temple of Heaven is a powerful clan. They can be considered a dominator force."
"Dominator force?" Luo Zheng blinked.
"Yes, a powerful clan that once dominated the entire Primal Chaos. We call them dominator forces," the Ear Mouse laughed, "In comparison, the current super forces of the Mother World are simply too weak …"
Although the Mother World was relatively peaceful now, it was still a situation of power struggle. There had never been a dominator force.
Li Yuan, Li Shan, You Xiong, Shennong, Tian Gong, and so on.
There were a lot of super forces.
There was a large gap between these super forces, but it was not absolute. At the very least, no super force could control the entire Mother World, let alone the entire Primal Chaos.
Hearing the Ear Mouse said this, Luo Zheng thought of the Sky Sunflower Temple.
He then asked, "Where are the Fearful Eye Demons in the Sunflower Temple?"
"It can also be defined as a dominator-level force," Ear Mouse continued Luo Zheng's words and replied, "However, there is still a big gap between the Eye Demon Clan and the Mi Tian Clan. Clans that can leave behind temples in the Nirvana Realm were once considered dominator-level forces."
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng asked 9527 in his mind.
"Sort of, but the Dominator Rank is defined by these rats themselves. Above these forces, there are existences like me," 9527 replied.
Only living beings who could control the truth were the true masters of the chaos.
Luo Zheng thought of what he said outside the temple. A trace of doubt emerged in his heart. He asked Ear Mouse, "Does the Mi Tian Clan also believe in the Dao of the End?"
"Yes." Ear Rat nodded.
"It seems that even the powerful Mi Tian Clan has failed," Luo Zheng said with a look of regret.
Whether it was the Fearful Eye Demon Clan or the Mi Tian Clan, they had once dominated the chaos. They could mobilize more resources and were probably more powerful, but in the end, they still could not escape that needle …
"Squeak, you all live too painfully, and you only blindly repeat the path of your predecessors. Before the End comes, everything still depends on us Ear Mice," Ear Mouse suddenly said.
"Depend on you Ear Mice?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Ling Shuang also blinked her eyes.
The Ear Mouse Clan should be the most unambitious super force in the Mother World. Other than blindly earning Divine Crystals and Soul Pills, this clan seemed to have no other needs.
No matter how powerful the Nirvana Token, how rare the Nirvana Key, or how many Soul Pills, they could all be exchanged for Divine Crystals …
The Divine Crystals, other than being used as currency, could only be used to replenish the energy of the Nirvana Token. Therefore, this clan's obsession with Divine Crystals had always been incomprehensible to other foreign clans.
"Squeak squeak squeak …"
"Squeak …"
A few Ear Mice suddenly squeaked a few times and stopped this topic.
That Ear Mouse also squeaked and immediately changed the topic.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang naturally understood. No matter what, a super force was definitely not as simple as one imagined. Similarly, the Ear Mice should not be underestimated.
Bypassing this statue, they reached the end of the hall. Under the wall, there were 19 semi-circular arches in total.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang entered for the first time, so naturally, they did not know how to pass through.
"The nineteen arches all lead to the same path in the end, but the difficulties are all different. The thirteenth and seventeenth are all dead ends. The easiest is the seventh, and the hardest is the nineteenth. Almost all the Yang souls who enter die, but there are quite a number of Yang souls who have unearthed powerful Nirvana Realm tokens." The information provided by the Ear Mouse was worth more than a hundred thousand Soul Elixirs. After all, the more they understood about the temple, the more hope they had of surviving.
It continued to ask Luo Zheng, "May I know which arches Lord Tianhang will choose?"
The Ear Mouse gave the right to choose to Luo Zheng.
"I choose the 19th," Luo Zheng replied.
There were not many things in the Nirvana Realm that could threaten Luo Zheng. Moreover, Luo Zheng's initial goal was to find the Nirvana Tokens. Naturally, he would not let go of this opportunity.
The Ear Mice looked at each other. They did not know much about the 19th. They only knew that this passage was very dangerous. However, this time, Luo Zheng was leading the way. Moreover, by choosing this path, the Ear Mice would also have the opportunity to find some high-grade Nirvana Tokens.
"Then let's go." The Ear Mice also trusted Luo Zheng's strength and did not hesitate too much.
Luo Zheng took the lead and walked at the very front. Ling Shuang and the Ear Mice followed behind.
Behind the arched door was a long and narrow semi-circular passageway. The top of the passageway was uneven and covered with veins that resembled human blood vessels. The veins emitted a faint red light that flickered, sometimes bright, sometimes dim, implying the rhythm of breathing.
After Luo Zheng entered the passage, he did not feel any discomfort, but behind him, Ling Shuang already felt strange.
"Hmm …"
Ling Shuang could not help but hug her arms tightly and lean against Luo Zheng's back.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng turned around and asked with concern.
He did not need to worry about his own safety, but he had to protect Ling Shuang.
"I feel that my Soul Power is flowing away …" Ling Shuang said.
Luo Zheng looked at the Ear Mice. The Ear Mouse said, "After entering the Temple of Heaven, the Soul Power will continue to flow away. This is the rule of this temple. It's just that before entering the passage, the speed of the loss was very slow. Now, the speed of the loss has increased.
Ling Shuang nodded and took out a handful of Soul Elixirs and put them into her Sun Soul to replenish her Soul Power.

Chapter 2917
The Face on the Wall
"What's going on with this tunnel …"
Out of curiosity, Luo Zheng reached out and pinched the uneven wall.
He felt something soft in his hand, as if it was some kind of animal's internal organs.
"We're not too sure either. Squeak, rumor has it that the nineteen passages in the Divine Temple of Heaven are living creatures, and we're all passing through their stomachs," one of the mice said.
There were too many things gathered on the other side of the world. Among them, there were many things that had never been recorded. It was almost impossible to fully understand everything.
The Ear Mice and Ling Shuang had to absorb soul pellets to replenish their lost soul power every time they moved forward.
As they continued to move forward, the blood-red luster of the patterns above the passageway became brighter and brighter. Sometimes, the entire passageway was illuminated in blood-red, and sometimes, it would dim and become pitch-black. The atmosphere gradually became strange.
Even though Luo Zheng was leading the way, the Ear Mice and Ling Shuang still felt the pressure and were secretly on guard.
"Ahhhh …"
At this moment, they suddenly heard a series of screams coming from the front.
"What happened?!"
"It should be the creature that entered the passage before us!"
"What happened to them?"
Quite a lot of non-humankind creatures had entered the All-Heaven Divine Temple.
Some of the foreign races who were aware of the situation knew that the nineteenth passageway was extremely dangerous, so they naturally avoided it. However, there were bound to be some among the two thousand foreign races who didn't know about it.
"I'll go take a look!"
Luo Zheng took a big stride forward along the passageway.
After about two thousand feet, he saw faces with closed eyes floating on both sides of the wall!
These faces were of different sizes and shapes. They seemed to belong to all kinds of races. Among them, Luo Zheng even saw a few human faces. The only thing they had in common was that they all had an expression of extreme pain and were letting out low growls of "Wu Wu".
"The screams just now didn't come from these faces …"
As he took a few more steps forward and stepped into the corner of the tunnel, he saw seven or eight Yang souls being grabbed by hands and pulled towards the wall with all their might.
There were also many "faces" on the walls in this area. The eyes on these faces were open.
"A member of the Liyuan Clan?"
The Liyuan Tribe was so large that they could practically fill up the entire tunnel. Luo Zheng was naturally able to tell at a glance.
At this moment, the sun souls of the Liyuan clansmen had all been pulled into the walls by those hands. These sun souls had all used their trump cards, and their soul force was constantly surging through the passageway. However, no matter what they did, they were unable to break free from those ghastly white hands!
In the blink of an eye, the Liyuan Clan member was dragged into the wall.
The last Liyuan clansman discovered Luo Zheng. He stretched out his remaining hand and pointed at Luo Zheng as he cried out, "Save, save me …"
Although Luo Zheng didn't have a good impression of the people of the Liyuan Tribe, when he saw the Liyuan Tribe member's outstretched hand, he still instinctively rushed forward and grabbed his arm.
Under Luo Zheng's fierce tug, he failed to pull the Liyuan clansman out of the wall.
The thick arm of the Liyuan clansman was actually torn off by Luo Zheng!
Since the Yang Soul Body had left the main body, it could exist as a separate soul, just like the soul swords that Chou had sacrificed himself for.
However, if the consciousness of Chou's main body disappeared, the soul swords would also dissipate.
The Liyuan clansman's arm remained in Luo Zheng's hand for a breath of time, before it transformed into a wisp of purple smoke and disappeared!
As Luo Zheng frowned, the faces on the walls on both sides of him opened their eyes. At the same time, one hand after another reached out!
These hands only had three fingers, but each finger was a foot long and completely snow-white. It was unknown what kind of creature they were.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
In the instant they drilled out of the walls, they all rushed towards Luo Zheng to grab him.
Ka ka ka …
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng's body was grabbed by seven or eight hands, and he was dragged towards the side of the wall.
"Not bad … but if you want to drag me in, I'm afraid you're dreaming," Luo Zheng said coldly.
Luo Zheng's body suddenly twisted, and his right hand spun like a wheel. The hands that were grabbing onto his body all broke apart, turning into pieces of broken bones that protruded out of the wall.
Perhaps the things in the wall also knew that Luo Zheng was not to be trifled with, for the broken bones all retreated back into the wall.
"I want to see what's inside the wall!"
Luo Zheng grabbed a piece of retreating bone and tried to pull it out of the wall. Unfortunately, the bone was very brittle, and it broke with a single tug.
Wu wu wu …
The faces floating on the wall began to growl again.
As they let out a hair-raising sound, they actually began to move along the wall behind Luo Zheng. Ling Shuang and the Ear Mice were in that direction!
"You're courting death!"
Luo Zheng dared to choose the 19th passage, which was the most difficult passage, because he had considerable confidence in himself. However, Ling Shuang and the Ear Mice were still very weak. He naturally would not allow these big and small faces on the wall to get close to them!
Dong!
Luo Zheng chased after them, channeled his strength, and smashed a fist into the faces on the wall.
The power of this punch was extremely terrifying, and the entire passage shook violently.
However, the faces were not hurt at all. They just dived into the wall, swam for a distance, and then reappeared. Some of the faces' hollow eyes stared at Luo Zheng, with a hint of mockery.
Dong! Dong! Dong!
Luo Zheng followed these faces closely, and smashed the wall several times in a row.
The walls of the passage were very flexible, and completely dissolved Luo Zheng's strength. Naturally, the "faces" were not hurt at all.
"Tianhang! What's going on? "
Ling Shuang heard the loud noise and knew that Luo Zheng had made his move. However, there was a patch of red in front of them, and their divine senses were also blocked, so she and the Ear Mice could not see clearly.
"Watch out for both sides of the wall!"
Luo Zheng shouted as he ran.
"Squeak, what's going on?"
"It seems that some of the faces are flying along the wall?"
"Those are faces! And the faces of our Ear Mice … Squeak squeak squeak! "
As the saying goes, "as timid as mice", the Ear Mice were not very brave.
The reason why they dared to enter the Temple of Heaven was that they relied on information that far exceeded that of the other alien races. This time, they even had Luo Zheng's protection, which was why they dared to enter the 19th passage.
Seeing the faces moving at high speed, they panicked.
When the faces moved along the wall to Ling Shuang's side, a white three-fingered hand broke through the wall and grabbed at them.
One of the Ear Mice was too close to the wall, and before it could react, it was dragged into the wall. It only had time to let out a miserable squeak.
"Get away from the wall!"
"Don't get caught by those hands!"
"Spiritual Shield!"
A small round shield flashed in the claws of one of the Ear Mice. The small round shield shone brightly, and spread out around the Ear Mice, protecting Ling Shuang as well.
The Spiritual Shield was an extremely powerful soul magic treasure, only slightly weaker than Ling Shuang's Soul Oracle Necklace.

Chapter 2918
The strength of these hands was nothing to Luo Zheng, but his Yang soul could not resist it.
Even if Ling Shuang's Yang soul entered her indigo, she could not struggle out of it!
Ling Shuang saw one of the Ear Mice being dragged into the wall and stopped breathing. She knew what would happen.
In a moment of desperation, the soul necklace on Ling Shuang's chest glowed, and the small soul sword flew out and slashed at the arm.
"Crack!"
The small soul sword, which was almost always successful, only left a shallow cut on the hand!
Since this attack did not cut off the arm, there was no more chance. Ling Shuang was directly dragged toward the wall.
Just as her body was about to sink into the wall, Luo Zheng's figure had already rushed over. He grabbed the arm and squeezed hard. "Pa!" The bones suddenly shattered!
"Wuwuwu …"
One of the faces on the wall cried out in pain and was drawn into the wall.
However, more faces appeared on both sides of the wall, and more hands reached out from the wall.
Luo Zheng hugged Ling Shuang and pulled her to the center of the passage. At the same time, he said, "Stay by my side!"
When the Ear Mice saw that the spiritual shield could not protect them, they were all scared pale.
"Squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak …"
They screamed desperately and nestled around Luo Zheng, wishing that they could drill into Luo Zheng's body.
"Wuwuwu …"
Countless hands broke out of the wall, almost occupying the entire passage.
Luo Zheng ignored them, but as long as they dared to reach for Ling Shuang and the Ear Mice, Luo Zheng would use his hand to chop them off one by one.
"Crack, crack, crack …"
More and more white bones broke on the ground, almost reaching Luo Zheng's knees.
"Your Excellency Tianhang, squeak, squeak, squeak … Over here!"
"Behind you, help!"
"Cut it off quickly!"
The Ear Mice were all panicking. They were completely different from how they were outside the Temple of Heaven.
Ling Shuang, on the other hand, was very calm.
She was protected in Luo Zheng's arms, but she did not panic at all.
Luo Zheng had promised to protect her, and he would definitely do it. After walking together with Luo Zheng in Paramita, she already had blind trust in him.
The whole process lasted for about the time it took for three incense sticks to burn. The broken hand bones around Luo Zheng almost reached Luo Zheng's waist.
No more hands reached out from the wall, leaving only faces floating on the wall, looking at Luo Zheng with empty eyes.
"Squeak squeak, it's finally gone!"
"The nineteen paths are really dangerous!"
"Lord Tianhang is too powerful. Squeak squeak, he's our best friend!"
Luo Zheng couldn't help but roll his eyes when he heard the Ear Mice's flattery. He and the Ear Mice were far from being friends.
"What the hell are these faces?" Ling Shuang crawled out from Luo Zheng's arms and looked at the faces on the wall.
One of the Ear Mice observed for a while before saying, "These faces should belong to the legendary Enchanters, right?"
"What's an Enchanter?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"I know," Ling Shuang answered. "Those who can't return from the Paramita are collectively called Enchanters."
The soul could die in the Paramita, and the body would become a pure shell.
However, some souls didn't die in the Paramita, but stayed there forever for some reason, unable to wake up for eternity. Such people were called Enchanters.
There were a few such Enchanters in the Heavenly Palace, and Ling Shuang had heard of them.
"Their Yang soul is enslaved in the wall forever. How pitiful." Luo Zheng stared at the faces and sighed.
The Ear Mice weren't in the mood to pity those things. They stretched out their hands, and a small blue triangle appeared in their hands. They began to collect the broken bones on the ground.
The strength of these arms was amazing, and they could be used as a good Paramita token to be traded. Naturally, the Ear Mice wouldn't let them go.
After collecting all the broken bones, the Ear Mice bowed to a mouse face on the wall, and then left with Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang.
Just as they moved, the faces on the wall moved with them.
After they lost their arms, they could no longer launch attacks and could only stare helplessly from the wall. Even so, they still followed closely behind Luo Zheng on both sides and constantly stared at him while emitting wails that were filled with unwillingness and resentment.
After Luo Zheng led the group forward for more than two thousand feet, the passage became wider, and the whole passage became an upward path. The "blood vessels" densely covering the top of the passage gradually became thicker!
"What is that!" Ling Shuang looked up and said.
Luo Zheng stared, and his eyes flashed slightly. "This is … a heart? What kind of creature's heart is this? "
At the top of the tunnel hung three hearts that were half the size of a human. These hearts were still beating, and all the thick blood vessels were gathered on these hearts.
Every time the heart beat, the red light dimmed a little, and with another beat, the blood-red light shone again!
"Squeak … Oh my god!"
"This is …"
"Squeak … Squeak … Squeak …"
At first, the Ear Mice were talking in the human language, but after a few squeaks, they began to talk in the Ear Mice's language!
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang quietly looked at each other, and their faces showed dissatisfaction.
The Ear Mice had handled countless Nirvana Realm tokens, and naturally, they had an incomparable advantage in identifying them.
These guys must have recognized this thing, and obviously, they didn't want Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang to know, so they talked in the human language.
Luo Zheng had seen the shrewdness and cunning of the Ear Mice.
Who knew what they were plotting, but since they didn't want Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang to hear, they naturally had a purpose.
Luo Zheng's face sank, and he said, "Since you don't want us to know, you can go on your own. We will leave the Temple of Heaven now."
Without Luo Zheng, it would be a problem for them to leave the passage alive, not to mention they still wanted to explore the Dark Domain!
These three hearts were indeed no small matter. As the Ear Mice clan, they wanted to get the most benefits first, and they were indeed discussing whether to tell Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang the truth.
The Ear Mice were talking non-stop, and suddenly became anxious when they heard Luo Zheng's words.
"Squeak! That's not what we meant! "
"Squeak! This is the heart of an accomplice! It's a unique Nirvana Realm token! "
"A Nirvana Realm token that only appeared once in the mother world, and now there are three of them. It's really unexpected. Squeak … The Temple of Heaven is really a place where miracles are born!"
The Ear Mice explained to Luo Zheng, and they were obviously a little excited.
Although the Ear Mice were a little confused, Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang still understood.

Chapter 2919
Terrifying ability.
The Paramita Realm had always been a mystical place.
The strongest thing about these Paramita Tokens was not the Paramita Energy they provided. Instead, it was the various abilities they provided.
The strengthening-type Nirvana Token usually provided the most powerful Nirvana Power, just like how the Strength God Totem's Nirvana Power far surpassed the other Nirvana Tokens of the Thirteen Levels of Heaven. However, the Strength God Totem was not popular among the Nirvana Tokens.
On one hand, it was restricted by the fleshy body, preventing Paramita Realm experts from the Color Realm from unleashing its full strength. On the other hand, pure strength was easily restrained.
But Luo Zheng's body was unique, and the Mighty God Totem was naturally compatible with it. Hence, he chose the Mighty God Totem without hesitation.
The two most popular types were the mystical type and the descending type of Nirvana Token.
These two types usually had unfathomable abilities.
"The Heart of the Accomplice is a mysterious Nirvana token that was once possessed by a member of the Sirius Clan," the Ear Rat explained in a methodical manner.
The Celestial Wolf Race was strong individually, but they were few in number. They could not fight against those super organizations.
The Celestial Wolf Race once resided in the Star Wolf State and rarely participated in the conflicts outside.
But several tens of thousands of years ago, the super organization War Hounds Race invaded the Star Wolf State.
The Celestial Wolf Race naturally resisted with their lives. But the War Hounds Race was a super organization and was much stronger than the Celestial Wolf Race.
Especially the Patriarch of the War Hounds Race, 'King Xun'. He was ranked among the apex experts in the Origin World. Almost no one from the Celestial Wolf Race could resist him. They were forced to retreat. Even the Patriarch of the Celestial Wolf Race was killed by King Xun.
But at the final juncture, a member of the Celestial Wolf Race stood out and blocked the path of 'King Xun'. He even killed 'King Xun' and forced the War Hounds Race to retreat from the Star Wolf State. And this member was only at the Early Stage Chaotic Origin Realm.
"Early Stage Chaotic Origin Realm?" Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment before saying: "What is the strength of that King Xun?"
Ear Mouse pondered for a moment before saying: "He is not as strong as the Sky Palace's East Emperor, but the gap should not be too far.
"What!" Luo Zheng's pupils dilated slightly.
The Chaotic Origin Realm was a huge hurdle. After crossing it, one's strength would increase tremendously. Luo Zheng would definitely cross this hurdle too.
But he had never thought that he could fight against an existence like Eastern Emperor with his Chaotic Origin Realm strength. That was not a battle on the same level.
"Impossible. The reason why King Xun died was because the Heavenly Wolf Clan gathered the power of their entire clan and lured King Xun into an ancient trap. That was how they managed to kill him," Ling Shuang refuted.
Ear Mouse shook his head and said confidently, "Most of the outside world thinks so, but we, Ear Mouse, know the inside story. There is no mistake."
The humankind rarely paid attention to the conflicts between the non-humankind. Therefore, the information Ling Shuang got from the Heaven Palace was quite different.
'How could an Early Stage Chaotic Origin Expert defeat a powerful existence like King Xun? This is unbelievable! "Luo Zheng was still skeptical of the Ear Mice's words.
The Ear Mice stared at the three hearts at the ceiling of the cavern and said, "Our news is that that Early Stage Chaotic Origin Celestial Wolf Clansman relied on this Heart of Accomplice."
"Even if this heart is stronger, how much Paramita Energy does it possess? Even if it has a Divine Jun Energy of 2,000 to 3,000, it is impossible for it to injure an expert like King Xun. "Ling Shuang refuted.
"Killing King Xun did not rely on the Divine Jun Energy. Instead, it was the ability of the Heart of Accomplice." Ear Mouse explained, "This heart can turn a target into his accomplice!"
The Celestial Wolf Clan's patriarch had been killed, so the War Hounds Clan naturally went on a killing spree. King Xun was unstoppable in the Celestial Wolf World, causing the experts of the Celestial Wolf Clan to fall one after another.
After King Xun charged into the tribe of the Heavenly Wolf Clan, a rhythmic heartbeat sound could be heard from the tribe.
This heartbeat sound could be heard clearly by all living beings from the two great clans. As for the mice hiding in the Star Wolf Continent, they naturally heard it as well.
Just as everyone was puzzled, a Heavenly Wolf Clansman stood out and charged towards King Xun.
This Heavenly Wolf Clansman was merely at the Early Stage Chaotic Origin Realm. Why would King Xun place him in his eyes?
With a casual grab, King Xun tore the Heavenly Wolf Clansman to pieces.
However, after killing the Heavenly Wolf Clansman, a Paramita Token floated out of the clansman's body. This Paramita Token was the Heart of Accomplice.
The heart floated above King Xun's head.
King Xun did not know what the heart was. He casually punched the heart and immediately sent it flying millions of kilometers away.
However, even as the heart gradually flew away, the heartbeat continued reverberating around King Xun. The other living beings could hear it clearly.
Not long after, the heart gradually returned and continued floating above King Xun's head.
King Xun attacked again in an attempt to shatter the Heart of Accomplice. However, the heart could not be destroyed at all. No matter how King Xun used all sorts of means, even attempting to banish it into the void, it continued to appear beside King Xun. Its heartbeat became faster and faster!
When the heartbeat reached a limit, it suddenly stopped. As for King Xun, he plummeted from the sky as his body stiffened and he died.
Regardless of whether it was his soul or his body, they both silently disappeared …
An existence like King Xun had a fleshy body that had reached an unfathomable stage. His soul had also reached an unfathomable realm. Such a death was simply too bizarre.
"King Xun killed himself. That Early Stage Chaotic Origin Realm Heavenly Wolf Clansman defined King Xun as an accomplice. Since the Heavenly Wolf Clansman died, King Xun had to die as an accomplice." That Ear Mouse said.
"It sounds similar to the Life Contract in the Life Divine Dao." Luo Zheng said solemnly.
After executing the Life Contract, the lives of two parties would be connected. When one party died, the life of the other party would wither too.
"Heh, that Life Contract is just a small trick. It is impossible for it to be compared with the Heart of Accomplice!" Ear Mouse sneered.
Luo Zheng nodded in agreement.
The energy level of the Deity Dao was still too low. Techniques like the Life Contract could be easily destroyed. It was hard for it to work on ordinary Paramita Realm experts, much less an expert on the level of King Xun.
This Heart of Accomplice could actually drag an apex expert from the Origin World down with it. That was truly frightening!
"Our Ear Mouse Clan had once investigated for a very long time. We had investigated the past of that Heavenly Wolf Clansman in the dark, yet we were unable to find the origin of this Heart of Accomplice. In the end, this Paramita Keepsake was defined as a unique item in the entire Origin World. But now, this definition has to be changed." Ear Mouse said.
Since three Hearts of Accomplice had appeared before them, it was naturally not a unique item.
"If it is really as you say, this Paramita Keepsake is too frightening!" Ling Shuang's voice turned solemn.

Chapter 2920
Regardless of whether the heart of the accomplice was unique or not, such an ability was extremely terrifying.
Three hearts of the accomplice could be exchanged for the lives of any three peerless powerhouses.
It was a great weapon for any superpower!
Luo Zheng, Ling Shuang, and even the Ear Mice were tempted.
Especially the Eared Mice. They were all trying to figure out how many hearts Luo Zheng would give to them since there were only three of them. One or three? Was there any way to get more?
Just when Luo Zheng took another step forward and was about to get closer to the hearts, a huge face suddenly appeared at the top of the spacious passage.
The face was extremely ugly, like a broken rag. The two holes on the rag were its eyes.
"Woo …"
The face that looked like a rag was crying. The blood vessels that were attached to the top of the passage were rolling like leaves, forming eight blood vortexes.
Ling Shuang and the Ear Mice already knew how powerful the nineteenth passage was. Any slight movement would raise their alertness.
After seeing the blood vortexes, they all backed off. Only Luo Zheng stood still and stared at the blood vortexes.
"Swoosh!"
As the blood vortexes were spinning, eight huge bloody hands reached out from it and slapped down on Luo Zheng.
Feeling the aura of the bloody hands, even Luo Zheng felt a sense of danger.
Although his body was strong enough to move unhindered in the Nirvana Realm, Luo Zheng knew that he was not invincible.
His body could not travel to the Nirvana Realm after the Ancient God Physique Refinery Technique was sealed. Before that, many Aragami had entered the Nirvana Realm with their body. But where did they go?
The Aragami were the same as the True Gods. Once they completed their cultivation, their lifespan would be endless.
At that time, the number of Aragami was about the same as the number of True Gods now. They could be found all over the mother world. But now, none of them could be found? Not only did the Nirvana Realm not exist, but the mother world was also not found. It did not make sense.
According to Luo Zheng's speculation, the Nirvana Realm must have some means to subdue the Aragami.
The first bloody hand slapped down on Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed. Luo Zheng blocked the attack with both of his hands.
"Bang!"
"Bang!"
When this slap landed on Luo Zheng's body, it actually sent him flying, crashing into the wall of the passageway.
"As expected …"
Luo Zheng, who was leaning against the wall, frowned.
The power that Blood Hand unleashed was at least 300 Godly Jun, which was beyond Luo Zheng's expectation.
"Your Excellency Tianhang …"
Seeing the invincible Luo Zheng smashed into the wall, the Ear Mice were all extremely shocked. If even His Excellency Skywalker couldn't resist this Blood Hand, then perhaps no one in the entire Mother World could.
"Luo Zheng …" Ling Shuang muttered in her heart. This was the first time she was at a disadvantage when she saw Luo Zheng's physical body.
"Wu wu wu …"
The "faces" on the wall made a collective sound. It sounded like they were crying and mocking at the same time.
"I'm fine." Luo Zheng left the wall and walked towards the bloody hands.
An ordinary Nirvana Realm cultivator would definitely not be able to withstand 300 Godly Jun of force on their physical body. However, when it hit Luo Zheng, it only made his blood boil.
It was a pity that he couldn't use the stone sealing solution. Otherwise, he could take it even if it was doubled, let alone 300 Godly Jun of force!
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, the Ear Mice were slightly relieved. They were also shocked. If that slap had landed on their bodies, their Yang Soul would have been turned into ashes instantly. The difference between the physical body and the Yang Soul was too great.
"Wu …"
When the huge face above the passageway saw Luo Zheng walking towards it again, there was a hint of warning in its wail.
Since he had already come this far, what could scare Luo Zheng away?
After taking a few steps, he suddenly exerted force on his feet and rushed towards one of the bloody hands like an arrow.
"Whoosh!"
The palm of that bloody hand was about the same size as Luo Zheng. When it saw Luo Zheng rushing towards it, the bloody hand suddenly flipped over and slapped towards Luo Zheng.
"Totem of the Mighty God!"
In the independent courtyard of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, the Totem of the Mighty God contained in Luo Zheng's inner world exploded with a powerful force. The objects placed in the room were instantly crushed by this force!
Luo Zheng didn't need to expend too much energy to deal with the Yang Soul in the Nirvana Realm.
However, when dealing with the Abyss Spirit Knights, Luo Zheng had no choice but to activate the power of the Nirvana Realm token.
These bloody hands in front of him were no small matter. Luo Zheng naturally couldn't underestimate them!
"Whoosh!"
Since he couldn't use the stone sealing solution, Luo Zheng didn't dare to activate the Totem of the Mighty God at full strength. At this moment, the power that exploded out was 500 Godly Jun!
The power of 500 Godly Jun in the Nirvana Realm was already extremely terrifying.
The Ear Mice felt the pressure of this power and had no choice but to continue retreating. Their Yang Souls were exposed to this pressure and were extremely uncomfortable.
"Boom!"
The bloody hand collided with Luo Zheng's body, and blood splattered everywhere.
A large hole appeared in the center of the bloody hand. Luo Zheng forcibly squeezed through the center of the bloody hand!
"Wu …"
The bloody hand seemed to be able to feel pain.
After being directly smashed by Luo Zheng, it kept trembling. The face in the passage let out a sound that sounded like crying and laughing. The other seven bloody hands slapped at Luo Zheng from different directions.
"But this is just a little bit of skill …"
The corner of Luo Zheng's mouth curved up.
He couldn't leave the Nirvana Realm in the temple. Therefore, before Luo Zheng entered the temple, he had made careful preparations and poured a lot of Divine Crystals into the Nirvana Realm token.
The power of the Mighty God Totem of the Nirvana Realm was very abundant. He didn't have any worries and wantonly extracted the power of the Nirvana Realm!
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom …"
He moved forward and left. Every time a palm slapped at him, Luo Zheng would suddenly exert force. He would either use his elbow or his fists. He would either penetrate the palm or break the wrist!
The screams of the face at the top of the passage didn't stop.
"Wu wu wu …"
After a while, the eight bloody hands were broken by Luo Zheng one by one.
Six of the bloody hands retreated into the blood vortex, and the two that were cut off by Luo Zheng were gently jumping on the ground. The two huge hands gradually lost their vitality.
"Done!"
Luo Zheng turned his head and said to Ling Shuang.
"Squeak squeak, take these two bloody hands," one of the Ear Mice said to himself. He was about to take out his Sumeru Ring to take them.
"Wait," Luo Zheng suddenly said, "I cut off these two bloody hands. Naturally, I will take them."
These Ear Mice took the broken bones for themselves. Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang didn't say anything. The two of them didn't come here to collect junk. They didn't have the same desire for soul pills and Divine Crystals as the Ear Mice. Naturally, they turned a blind eye and let them take it.

Chapter 2921
The Pattern
The Ear Mice had no way of resisting these blood hands, so it was only natural that Luo Zheng would take them away.
"Ling Shuang," Luo Zheng called out.
Ling Shuang nodded and walked over to the blood hands. A square frame appeared in her hand, and she used her spatial ring to absorb the two blood hands.
The Ear Mice were also very tactful and didn't dare to say anything.
After Ling Shuang absorbed the blood hands, they once again focused their attention on the three hearts at the top of the passage.
"I wonder how we should distribute the hearts of the accomplices," one of the Ear Mice said.
"Your Excellency Tianhang doesn't seem to need the hearts of the accomplices. Once this thing is carried, it will sacrifice itself. Squeak squeak," another Ear Mouse said. "How about we keep these three hearts first, and after the auction, give half of the soul core to Your Excellency Tianhang?"
Such a request was too greedy, and probably only the Ear Mice clan could say it without blushing.
"Do you have any shame?" Ling Shuang sneered.
Luo Zheng also shook his head. "Ling Shuang and I will take one each, and the other one will go to you, Ear Mouse."
He wasn't discussing this with the Ear Mice. Luo Zheng could have taken all three hearts of the accomplice.
After all, he chose to cooperate with the Ear Mice only to help them break through the walls. As for what they could obtain from the Temple of Heaven, it was all up to their own ability.
Without Luo Zheng, they wouldn't have been able to pass through the nineteen passages, let alone see the three hearts.
The Liyuan clan's overall strength was stronger than the Ear Mice, but they would also be trapped in the passage walls, never to be reincarnated.
"Squeak …"
The Ear Mice could only agree to this plan. There was no way they could go back.
Luo Zheng lightly tiptoed and jumped up, wrapping his arms around one of the hearts.
With a gentle tug, the heart was cut off from the blood vessels at the top of the passage, and he pulled it down.
"Puchi, puchi …"
After the heart left the blood vessels, it continued to contract and beat, constantly bleeding. However, the wound on the heart began to quickly heal, and the blood stopped flowing.
After observing it for a while, Luo Zheng handed the heart to Ling Shuang.
The group of Ear Mice could only watch as Ling Shuang placed it into her spatial ring.
Then, Luo Zheng pulled out the second and third Sumeru Rings from the top and gave them to Ling Shuang and the Ear Mice respectively.
The harvest from entering the Nineteen Paths was already very good, but whether it was the blood hand or the heart of the accomplice, neither was very suitable for Luo Zheng.
Although the hearts of accomplices were strong, they had to sacrifice their own lives. In other words, a life for a life. This kind of ability could not be used unless it was absolutely necessary.
If he were to bear this Nirvana Realm Token, it would take up one of Luo Zheng's True Meaning of Dao. After all, he could only bear three Nirvana Realm Tokens at the moment.
As for the two bloody hands, although the Ear Mice did not help to evaluate them, Luo Zheng reckoned that they should be a top-grade Nirvana Token, which did not quite meet Luo Zheng's requirements.
Before leaving, Luo Zheng glanced at the giant face above the passage again.
The giant face continued to whine, trying to convey some kind of message. Even though the face was huge, it was just like the other faces. After losing those hands, it was powerless.
…
…
In the Eleven Paths.
On both sides of the passage, skeletons half the height of a human sat upright.
The legs and backs of these skeletons had already fused into the walls, as if they were embedded in them.
The eyes of each skeleton flickered with a faint light, silently watching the Yang souls in the passage.
"Your Highness Feng Ge, please slow down," Chou Xinghe reminded from the side.
Even though in front of the Temple of Heaven, Feng Ge had suffered a big blow from the You Xiong Clan, it did not affect her state of mind at all. Once she decided on something, she would definitely press forward.
"It's okay," Feng Ge replied coldly.
There was still a faint blue light flickering under her feet. That was the You Xiong Clan's Soul-entangling Silk.
No one in the Temple of Heaven could leave the Nirvana Realm. Whether or not they were bound by the Soul-entangling Silk naturally did not mean much. She was also not in a hurry to purify the Soul-entangling Silk. After a period of time, the Soul-entangling Silk would naturally lose its effect.
"Kekeke …"
As the disciples of the Heavenly Palace continued to go deeper into the passage, the lower jaw of a small skeleton embedded in the wall suddenly opened and closed. From the skeleton's mouth, a thin hundred-legged worm suddenly drilled out!
"Careful!"
Chou Xinghe stood behind Feng Ge, on full alert.
Seeing this strange phenomenon appear, Chou Xinghe immediately rushed towards Feng Ge.
But Feng Ge's figure suddenly flashed. His right hand swept through the air and a golden light whipped towards the hundred-legged worm. With a crisp "pa", the hundred-legged worm had already been reduced to ashes by the whip created by the Golden Crow Divine Fire.
"You're too cowardly," Feng Ge shook her head.
In the past, she had regarded Chou Xinghe as her only worthy opponent in the Heavenly Palace.
Chou Xinghe shrugged and smiled helplessly.
If it weren't for you being so reckless, he wouldn't be so nervous at all. Who knows what is hidden in the Temple of Heaven. If you're not careful, it's possible that everyone will be wiped out!
"Da!"
At this moment, a faint sound came from behind Chou Xinghe.
The leg of a Heavenly Palace disciple was bitten by a hundred-legged worm as thick as a thumb.
The Heavenly Palace disciple's Sun Soul, which had been flickering with purple light, began to turn pitch-black. He didn't even have any reaction before his entire Sun Soul turned into a cloud of black smoke and drifted along the top of the passage.
"Careful!"
"Don't get bitten by the hundred-legged worm! It's very poisonous! "
"Look, those little skeletons have opened their mouths!"
The little skeletons on both sides of the passage opened their jaws and hundred-legged worms crawled out, rushing over from the walls and the ground.
Seeing the Heavenly Palace disciple's fate after being bitten by the hundred-legged worm, everyone's hair stood on end!
"All of you, follow me," Feng Ge said from the front.
As she rushed forward, her hands constantly waved. The Golden Whip of Divine Fire extended from her hands and lashed out continuously. Chou Xinghe and the other Heavenly Palace disciples also rushed forward with her!
… …
In the seventh passage.
Under the protection of her brothers, the little human girl proceeded forward cautiously.
There were too few of them and they were also weaker, so they naturally chose the seventh passage, which was the easiest.
In fact, of the nineteen passages, the vast majority of the foreign races chose this passage. Those foreign races had already cleared the obstacles in front of them and were walking at the back, so they naturally weren't in any danger.
Every hundred feet or so, they would send someone to squat in a corner and use their soul force to draw patterns on the wall.
"How many is this?" One of them asked.

Chapter 2922
"That clue should be correct, do your best" one of the human Yang souls said.
The human girl said: "Big brother, if the clue is correct, doesn't that mean the Ear Mice are wrong?"
The little girl's big brother nodded, "En, the Ear Mice want to use that body to destroy the wall, which will inevitably lead to an unimaginable disaster"
"Then won't they all die? What about that body? "the little girl asked again.
"It will also die" the little girl's big brother said indifferently.
Hearing her big brother's words, the little girl felt a bit depressed.
Hearing the body mention the Nine Li tribe, the little girl felt a sense of closeness. She felt that this person was somehow related to the Nine Li tribe.
It would be a pity to die like this in the Mi Tian Temple.
"Should we remind him?" the little girl asked.
Her big brother sneered, "Let's not talk about whether he will believe us or not, how will we explain the origin of this clue? Tell him that we are descendants of the Nine Li tribe and expose our identities? "
Hearing her big brother say that, she immediately shut up.
Ever since the Nine Li tribe was destroyed, they had spent most of their time in hiding.
In the past few years, they had finally calmed down a bit, but they had always been living in the shadows.
It was difficult to expose their identities on the other side of the river, so they could naturally cultivate in peace. However, the identity of the Nine Li tribe was extremely sensitive, so they could not be exposed under any circumstances.
The group of people continued to move forward. As they passed through the passageway, they drew a series of strange diagrams.
Although some of the vicious creatures in the passage had been cleared out by the people in front of them, they were still moving forward too slowly. After a while, a faint blue light appeared in the passage.
Fist-sized blue wraiths appeared on both sides of the wall.
Although the seventh passage was the simplest passage, these blue wraiths were also extremely dangerous.
Previously, when many foreign races passed through, many Yang souls had died at the hands of these blue wraiths. Those foreign races had practically killed their way through.
"Ga …"
After the blue wraiths appeared, they flew towards them like a swarm of bees.
"Big brother …"
After the little girl sensed this aura, she immediately panicked.
"Grid, sprinkle some powder" her big brother was very calm.
The Nine Li tribe group had made ample preparations. Although this was their first time entering the Mi Tian Temple, they were very familiar with this passage and the blue wraiths.
Someone took out a handful of silver powder from his Sumeru Ring. "Hua!" He sprinkled the silver powder towards the group. The surface of their souls immediately flashed with a bright silver luster.
At this moment, a strange scene occurred. The blue wraiths seemed to have become headless flies.
They could clearly sense the aura of these Yang souls, but they could not sense it. They could only hover above them.
"This silver scale powder is indeed effective" the clansman called Grid.
The group continued forward under the watchful eyes of the green wraiths. After more than thirty meters, someone began to draw another pattern.
Since they had already used the Silver Scale Powder, it was enough to guarantee their safety. In order to increase their speed, they left one person behind to draw the pattern. When the pattern was finished, they would catch up with the rest. This way, they would take turns to draw the pattern, and their speed would naturally increase greatly.
After a long while, they finally reached the end of the tunnel.
.....................................
.....................
. "He opened his palm. In the center of his palm were some thin and long stripes. They looked similar to the paramita key.
After he put his palm on the pattern, the first pattern at the entrance of the seventh passage began to flash with a faint golden luster!
"Weng!"
"Weng!"
"Weng!"
The first pattern …
The second pattern …
The third pattern …
The patterns in the passage began to shine one after another, forming a long chain thousands of feet long.
Finally, after the 949th pattern lit up, the entire passage began to shake violently.
The shaking of the passage was transmitted to the entire Mi Tian Temple. Those who had already passed through the passage could feel the shaking.
"It seems to be coming from behind!"
"Could it be that the passage collapsed?"
"Who cares, we're already here anyway …"
"We still have to go back!"
Although these people said so, no one was willing to go back and investigate.
"Rumble …"
The entire Seventh Path was constantly twisting, and the group of people were also shaken to the ground. The green wraiths that were everywhere drilled into the walls.
After the twisting process lasted for a while, the walls on both sides began to narrow. At the same time, there was a burst of mechanical sound. The walls on one side of the crowd opened by themselves.
The eyes of the Jiu Li clansmen were fixed on the door. Whether it was the little girl or the others, their eyes were blooming with a trace of light.
There was a small statue inside the door. This statue was the same as the one in the hall of the Mi Tian Temple, but the details were somewhat different. In front of the statue, there were three oval-shaped jade stones.
The three jade stones had different colors. They were blue, red, and purple respectively.
The little girl's brother bowed to the statue inside the door, "The seventh god of the Mi Tian Temple, please forgive me for disturbing you!"
The nineteen passages of the Mi Tian Temple represented the nineteen gods of the Mi Tian Clan.
Then, he stepped through the door and took out the three colored jades. Then, the door closed again with a "kacha" sound. The walls merged into one, and there was not a single trace left behind.
…
After Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang left the nineteen passages, there was a row of stairs leading downwards.
They had already reached the middle section of the Mi Tian Temple. At the bottom of the stairs was an empty and spacious courtyard. There were all kinds of Paramita plants growing in the courtyard. The most eye-catching one was a huge willow tree in the middle.
"What are those people doing …" Luo Zheng looked at the willow tree and asked strangely.
This willow tree had hundreds of branches hanging down. At the end of these branches, the Sun Souls of different races were greedily sucking them.
"They are sucking the Sacred Willow Marrow Essence," the Eye-eared Mouse explained.
Before the abnormality in the Dark Domain, one of the goals of the Paramita Sun Souls to open the Mi Tian Temple was this willow tree.
The effect of the Sacred Willow Marrow Essence was similar to that of the Soul Crystal, or even slightly better.
The reason why these Sun Souls of different races rushed into the passage was to occupy a branch and suck the Sacred Willow Marrow Essence. After all, the Sacred Willow Marrow Essence was limited.

Chapter 2923
Thin Wall
Luo Zheng had a lot of soul crystals in his hands, so he was naturally not interested in the Divine Willow Marrow Essence.
After they went down the stairs, they followed the path in the middle of the courtyard.
Whether it was the foreign races sucking the Divine Willow Marrow Essence or the Sun Souls searching for the Paramita Token in the courtyard, they all focused their attention on Luo Zheng.
They had spent a million divine crystals to enter the Temple of Heaven.
If they just wandered around the courtyard, it would not be worth the price.
Some of the foreign race Sun Souls had already crossed the courtyard and were searching for the path to the hidden realm, but most of them were waiting here.
The second half of their exploration of the temple was too dangerous. They did not know much about the Temple of Heaven. Rushing around like headless flies was no different from courting death.
The door of the Temple of Heaven was opened by the Ear Mice, and Luo Zheng's physical body seemed to have some agreement with the Ear Mice. Their scheme was definitely not small, so most of the foreign races stayed in the courtyard. Their main purpose was to follow the Ear Mice and Luo Zheng.
So when the Ear Mice and Luo Zheng passed through the courtyard, these foreign race Sun Souls even gave up on the Divine Willow Marrow Essence. Those Sun Souls searching for the Paramita Token in the courtyard moved closer to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not mind and followed them, but the Ear Mice were extremely unhappy.
"Squeak, squeak squeak …"
"Squeak squeak …"
The Ear Mice chose to enter the Temple of Heaven last because they did not want to be with these foreign race Sun Souls.
They did not expect these foreign race Sun Souls to be so useless. They did not plan to search for it themselves and wanted to sit back and enjoy the fruits of others' labor.
"Squeak! Don't follow us! "
One of the Ear Mice turned around and said to the foreign race Sun Souls in dissatisfaction.
Outside the Temple of Heaven, the Ear Mice had the final say.
After all, it was the Ear Mice who opened the door, and they had set up a powerful restriction.
But after entering the temple, the foreign races would not give the Ear Mice too much face.
"Mice, let's be clear about one thing. We paid soul pills to enter!"
"This Temple of Heaven is not owned by your family. You just opened the door. I can go wherever I want. Who will follow you?"
"That's right! It just happened to be on the way, hehe! "
The foreign race's Yang Souls were all talking at once. Faced with such shamelessness, the Ear Mice had no other choice but to ask Luo Zheng for help. "Squeak! Your Excellency Tianhang, can you chase these people away?! "
Inside the Temple of Heaven, they could only count on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said with a smile, "What they said makes sense. After all, they paid a million Soul Dans."
"Creak!"
The Ear Mice were quite depressed. If they had known this would happen, they would not have sold tickets. They would have only let Sir Skywalker bring them in.
Although they had earned a lot of Soul Pills, entering the Dark Domain was more important.
Now that he had no choice, he could only allow the alien Yang souls to follow behind.
There were a total of six paths at the back of the courtyard, which led to the six towers at the back of the Temple of Heaven. These six towers could be clearly seen from outside the temple.
The Ear Mouse let Luo Zheng choose the leftmost path, and after walking for a short while, they entered the tower without consulting anyone.
Those foreign race Sun Souls also followed like shadows, blindly following behind and entering the tower.
The six towers of the Temple of Heaven were known as the Six Great Treasure Houses.
Each tower had 29 floors, and the higher one went, the more difficult it was to enter.
"So far, no one has climbed to the top of the tower. Squeak squeak." After entering the tower, Ear Mouse gave Luo Zheng a brief introduction.
"There must be a transcendent-grade Nirvana Realm token at the top of the tower!"
"I went to the sixteenth floor, which was the limit. I once obtained a high-grade Nirvana Realm token!"
"Heavens, you actually went to the sixteenth floor …"
The Ear Mice introduced to Luo Zheng in a serious manner, while the foreign race interjected from behind.
The Ear Mouse who was introducing turned his head in dissatisfaction and said, "There must be good treasures at the top of the tower. If you go up, you will definitely gain a lot. Don't miss this opportunity!"
"Let's leave the chance to explore the tower for next time, hehe!"
"My Yang Soul's condition is not good. It's not suitable for me to go up …"
"…"
These foreign race Yang Souls were determined to follow Luo Zheng, and did not fall for the Ear Mice's trick at all.
The Ear Mice shook their heads, and there was another round of squeaking. Perhaps they understood that they could not chase these people away, so they could only take action now.
One of the Ear Mice walked to the edge of the tower. The Ear Mouse raised his tail and turned it into a flat blade. He aimed it at the ground and slashed, and a small square appeared on the ground.
The Ear Mouse pierced his tail into the square, and with a sudden jerk, a small door that was locked downwards was pulled up by the Ear Mouse.
"There's a door here!"
"It leads underground?"
"I've always been curious. There should be another section behind the Temple of Heaven, but I couldn't find that path. I didn't expect it to be hidden in the first tower!"
Only the Ear Mice knew this secret. When the other races saw it, they were naturally very surprised.
When the small door was opened, a passage leading downwards was revealed.
The foreign race Yang Souls did not fight for it. They quietly watched Luo Zheng, Ling Shuang, and the Ear Mice enter one by one.
As soon as they entered the passage, all the foreign race Yang Souls heard the news and moved. The scene immediately became chaotic, and there were even Yang Souls who started fighting.
Luo Zheng, who was walking at the front, could only shake his head when he heard the commotion from above …
This underground passage was not long, only about a thousand feet long. At the end of the passage was a basement, and there was a row of strangely shaped large stones in the basement.
These stones were very smooth, but there were oval depressions in the center. These depressions seemed to have something embedded in them, but now they were empty.
Not long after Luo Zheng and the others came down, the thousand foreign race Yang Souls also arrived in the basement.
Although this basement was considered spacious, it was naturally quite crowded with more than a thousand foreign races squeezed in.
The Ear Mice also threw caution to the wind and said directly to Luo Zheng, "Squeak! It's this wall! As long as we break this wall, we can enter the passage to the dark realm! "
Hearing the Ear Mice mention the dark realm, the foreign race Yang Souls also became excited. This was everyone's goal.
"It's this wall …"
Luo Zheng walked in front of the wall and stretched out his hand to gently scratch it. The wall emitted a metallic luster.
This wall was similar to the material used to build the Temple of Heaven. It should also be some kind of mixed metal.
As Luo Zheng gently knocked on the wall, there was a clear echo. According to this sound, the Ear Mice were not lying. This wall was indeed very thin.
"Hu …"

Chapter 2924
Armor
Boom!
With this punch, a dull thud came from the wall, but it did not shatter like an ordinary stone wall.
The wall, which had been mixed with metal, was extremely tough, and a part of it caved in!
"It didn't break!"
"His strength is a bit lacking!"
"He's already very strong! A few more punches and it'll definitely break! "
The faces of the thousand Yang Souls were filled with nervousness, especially the Ear Mice.
The last time they had explored this place, they had tried all sorts of methods, even using some forbidden powers. However, the strength of their souls was still too weak, unable to shake this wall in the slightest. In the end, they had returned empty-handed.
Now, with just one punch, Luo Zheng had caved in the wall. He truly did not disappoint the Ear Rats.
"This wall is tougher than I imagined," Luo Zheng said to himself.
Without much hesitation, Luo Zheng stepped forward and punched the wall again.
Boom!
Accompanied by a muffled sound, the depression pushed in another two inches.
"Again!"
Boom!
Boom!
With each punch, the entire basement and even the entire tower would tremble.
At the entrance of the passageway above the basement, the few people of the Jiuli Tribe could clearly feel the tremors coming from below.
"Big Brother, he's really smashing the wall," the human girl said.
"Let's wait for now. We'll go down after all the people below are dead," the girl's brother said.
The human girl was still somewhat conflicted.
She was still somewhat worried about the safety of that physical body, but in this situation, she truly could not go up and stop him.
The Ear Rats would not agree, and the thousand Yang Souls in the basement would not agree either.
"We should back away a little. It'll be troublesome if we get caught in the crossfire," a Nine Li Tribe member said.
The human girl could only follow them out of the basement.
Boom!
Boom!
Boom!
The metal wall caved in more and more, and thumb-sized cracks appeared on its surface.
On the other side of the wall, there was a complete circle of engraved patterns. These strange and complicated patterns followed the wall all the way to the platform on both sides of the wall. On the platform, there were two greenish-black armors standing tall.
The two armors were about the height of a man. They held two rusty knives in their hands. They looked gloomy and powerful, and thumb-sized chains were wrapped around the surface of the armors.
They had stood here for who knows how many years and had experienced many vicissitudes of life, but they had never moved. Moreover, they were located at the very back of the Sky Divine Temple, and both sides were shrouded in darkness, so no race had ever observed the existence of these two armors.
After Luo Zheng punched more than 20 times in a row, the wall finally collapsed!
At this moment, all the alien Yang souls stretched their necks, trying to see through the cracks to see what was happening behind.
Whether it was Luo Zheng, Ear-Mouse, Yang or the other alien races, none of them knew what was behind the wall.
Buzz!
As the wall shattered, the originally complete pattern finally collapsed.
When the patterns broke, the light continued to spread along the patterns and quickly spread to the platform. The chains that wrapped around the two armors also shattered inch by inch!
Buzz! Buzz! "
The heads of the two armors flashed with two dark red lights.
Without the restraint of the chains, the armor actually came to life and jumped down from the platform.
"Clang!"
"Clang!"
"Clang!"
It was unknown how heavy this dark-green armor was. Every step it took caused the ground to tremble.
"What's that sound?"
"It seems like something is approaching!"
"I wonder what it is …"
The alien Yang souls were also extremely curious, but the crack in the wall was too narrow.
Even Luo Zheng, who was standing at the front, was unable to see anything through the crack.
After hearing the "Kuang Kuang" sound, Luo Zheng's heart also had a trace of vigilance in his heart. He frowned and moved back slightly.
"Clang, clang, clang, clang …"
At this moment, the clanging sound suddenly sped up, and the wall that was originally caved in suddenly protruded inwards.
"Zi!"
At the same time, everyone heard the sound of metal being torn apart.
Four rusty knives drilled out of the wall!
It was also because Luo Zheng's reaction was extremely fast. When he saw the protrusion in the wall, he quickly retreated. Otherwise, his body would have been pierced through by the rusty knives!
"Zi zi zi …"
The four rusted knives twisted in a circle on the wall, and two circular holes immediately appeared on the wall. The two gloomy and mighty armors passed through the holes and rushed towards the many Yang souls in the basement.
"Retreat!"
Luo Zheng did not have time to observe carefully. He pulled Ling Shuang and retreated.
The Yang souls, who were originally gathered behind Luo Zheng, were knocked to the ground by Luo Zheng.
The alien Yang souls gathered in the basement were also in chaos. One by one, they scrambled to climb up the passage. As they squeezed and squeezed, the passage was filled up!
"Let's go!"
"What is this armor?!"
"This is a trap, a trap!"
"Clang clang!"
Two sets of armor leaped up from the basement and smashed towards the alien Yang Souls.
The weight of this armor was extremely terrifying. How could the Yang souls survive after being smashed? They were directly crushed to the point that their souls scattered. Not only that, the Yang souls that were slightly touched by them were also reduced to ashes …
No matter how powerful the Yang soul was, it would become extremely weak in front of this armor.
Waves of wails and screams could be heard, turning the basement into an Asura battlefield.
The only way out was still there. As long as the Yang souls still retained their consciousness, they would rush towards the passage upwards like crazy. Under such circumstances, how could they care about the other Yang souls? Some even made a move and directly killed any Yang soul that blocked their way!
Luo Zheng pulled Ling Shuang and squeezed towards the passage.
He used his physical body to open the way, and the Yang souls in front of him were not an obstacle at all.
In less than two breaths of time, he and Ling Shuang arrived at the bottom of the passage. However, just as Luo Zheng was about to step into the passage, a cracking sound suddenly came from above.
"Boom!"
The entire passage collapsed without any warning, and all living beings' paths of survival were cut off.
"Is it really a trap? Or did the Earless Mice make a mistake? "A thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind.
"The passage is broken!"
"Ahhh! Help! "
"That armor is coming towards me!"
When the alien Yang souls saw the broken passage, they almost fell into despair.
The space in the basement was not big. More than a thousand Yang souls were squeezed together. The two armors held four rusty blades in their hands and spun continuously. They were like two metal storms, darting left and right in the basement!
Any Yang soul that was swept into this metal storm was instantly killed. There were no exceptions.
"Luo … I'm scared!"
Ling Shuang grabbed Luo Zheng's hand, her eyes filled with fear.
From the moment the two armors broke through the wall until now, it had only been five or six breaths of time. Only half of the thousand Yang souls were left.

Chapter 2925
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Climb
Luo Zheng was about to comfort Ling Shuang when he saw one of the armors turn towards him.
He clenched his teeth slightly, grabbed Ling Shuang, and threw her behind the armor.
Puff, puff, puff, puff …
The speed of the armor became faster and faster. All the Yang souls that stood in its path were instantly sent flying. In an instant, it had already charged towards Luo Zheng.
"Stop right there!"
Luo Zheng shrank into a bow and pounced towards the ground. He avoided the two rotating rusty knives and slammed into the armor's feet.
Luo Zheng didn't hold back in the face of the armor. With this collision, he exploded with the strength of 500 to 600 Godly Jun!
Although the gloomy armor was powerful, Luo Zheng could do what they could do.
After this collision, Luo Zheng wanted to attack the armor's lower body and put it on the ground …
But when he really crashed into the armor, Luo Zheng realized that he was wrong.
Clang!
With a crisp sound, Luo Zheng felt a heavy blunt force on his shoulder. The armor was even stronger than Luo Zheng's body!
After all, this was the Nirvana Realm. Luo Zheng didn't have the Stone Sealing Solution to protect his body.
But in the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven, this armor was actually so strong?
After this collision, he didn't manage to put down the armor. He heard a buzzing sound coming from the armor's head. A rusty knife had already chopped down.
Luo Zheng took advantage of the situation and rolled away. The rusty knife cut directly on the floor, leaving a crack on the floor.
The floor also had a faint metallic luster. If Luo Zheng used all his strength, it wouldn't be easy for him to destroy it. But the rusty knife cut the floor like a piece of paper. It could be imagined that the armor's strength was far beyond Luo Zheng's.
Buzz, buzz!
The two red dots on the armor's head flickered slightly. It didn't manage to hit Luo Zheng with its knife. The rusty knife in its hand slashed out continuously. Each slash was closely behind Luo Zheng, and its speed was also getting faster and faster!
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
After six or seven consecutive saber strikes, Luo Zheng could only roll on the ground.
In the end, his speed was still a bit slower. He only felt a chill on his back. One of the sabers had actually slashed across his back, leaving behind a terrifying wound. If he was just a bit slower, he was afraid that he would have been cut in half at the waist!
Buzz!
The armor was also somewhat surprised that Luo Zheng was able to avoid its attack. It had actually given up on chasing after the other Yang souls, and instead focused on entangling Luo Zheng.
"Back off!"
Ling Shuang was thrown to the corner of the wall. Seeing that Luo Zheng was in danger, she was also very nervous, so she reminded him loudly.
However, the basement was only so big. No matter how Luo Zheng retreated, he would be caught up by the armor. He could only keep moving and flashing, shuttling between the two rusty knives. He was surrounded by danger.
The Jiuli tribesmen stood above. Even though there was a distance between them, they could still hear the cries for help coming from the ground.
"So pitiful …" The human girl closed her eyes.
Although most of the people in the basement were Yang souls of other races, it was extremely difficult for them to cultivate to such a level. It was indeed extremely miserable for them to die in the Nirvana Realm for no reason.
"People always have to pay the price for their greed …" The little girl's brother said coldly.
How great of a temptation was it to enter the dark domain?
The Yang souls who had cultivated to the thirteenth level all wanted to advance to the next level. Who would be willing to give up this opportunity?
Unfortunately, they had chosen the wrong method.
Ling Shuang leaned against the corner of the wall and looked at Luo Zheng not far away. From time to time, she would let out a cry of surprise.
Luo Zheng seemed to be walking on a tightrope, shuttling back and forth between the two rapidly dancing rusty knives. She was naturally full of worry, but she couldn't help at all.
The Yang souls also tried to attack the two armors. Even Luo Zheng's physical body couldn't shake them, so the Yang souls' attack methods were not worth mentioning!
She stared at Luo Zheng's every move with all her attention, but she forgot about her own safety.
After a massacre on the right, the other armor had already rushed towards the left!
Although Luo Zheng couldn't protect himself, he still put a part of his attention on Ling Shuang. Seeing the other armor rushing towards her, he suddenly gritted his teeth and fiercely punched it from the bottom to the top.
"Bang!"
This punch smashed into the armor's elbow. Luo Zheng's fist hurt, but the armor only leaned back slightly.
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Luo Zheng twisted his body and squeezed through the armor, rushing towards Ling Shuang who was in the corner of the wall. He picked her up and stomped his feet on the wall, somersaulting in the air and jumping a distance of seven to eight feet!
"Clang clang clang …"
This time, the two armors had their eyes on Luo Zheng and were chasing closely behind Luo Zheng.
"They're coming again …" Ling Shuang said anxiously.
Luo Zheng carried Ling Shuang and ran as fast as he could, his mind spinning rapidly.
Staying in the basement would lead to death sooner or later. In a hurry, he glanced at the wall.
"Got it!"
Without any hesitation, he rushed to the right wall of the basement and the Heavenly Jun Force erupted again!
Stomping on the wall, Luo Zheng was like a nimble gecko, climbing more than ten feet in an instant.
However, the ceiling of the basement was more than a thousand feet. Luo Zheng couldn't fly in the Nirvana Realm. No matter how much he climbed, he couldn't leave the basement. Sooner or later, he would fall down.
"Hold on tight!"
While Luo Zheng was climbing, he had already carried Ling Shuang on his back. He exerted all the strength in his body and his right hand poked into the wall like a snake.
His four fingers were forcefully inserted into the wall!
Both he and Ling Shuang were fixed to the wall …
The two armors were originally chasing closely behind, but when they found Luo Zheng hanging on the wall, they stopped for a moment. The red light on their heads flashed and they tried to jump up.
"Clang!"
"Clang!"
Although the two armors were indestructible and had infinite strength, they seemed to be extremely heavy.
Not to mention jumping up a few feet, they couldn't even jump half a foot off the ground …
Ling Shuang, who was originally nervous, couldn't help but laugh when she saw the two armors struggling to jump. "Ha, they can't jump!"
Luo Zheng nodded and was slightly relieved. "Yes, they can't come up."
After the two armors jumped several times, they realized that they couldn't jump up and finally chose to give up.
There were still a considerable number of foreign race Yang Souls around the basement. After Luo Zheng attracted the attention of the two armors, they finally had a chance to catch their breath. Now, the two armors turned around and rushed towards them …
After the time it took to burn an incense stick.
The basement, which was originally filled with Yang Souls, was now empty.
Thousands of foreign race Yang Souls had been killed. Other than Ling Shuang, not a single Yang Soul had escaped!
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang were still hanging on the wall, looking at the two armors with complicated expressions.
"They should have left, right?" Ling Shuang whispered.
"If they can't jump up, they'll naturally leave," Luo Zheng said confidently.
But just as he finished speaking, the two armors had already arrived at the wall.
"Crack!"
They inserted their two rusty knives into the wall one after another. With the rusty knives as a fulcrum, they pulled back and forth and climbed up the wall step by step.

Chapter 2926
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Benefactor
"Cha!"
"Cha!"
"Cha!"
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang hung on the wall, watching the two armors climb up. In the blink of an eye, they had reached a height of eighty to ninety feet.
Ling Shuang hung on Luo Zheng's body, feeling that she should do something.
Her soul necklace flashed, and the small soul sword attacked from above.
"Ding ding ding ding!"
The small soul sword was indeed effective against Yang souls, but it was useless against the armor except for the crisp sound.
Seeing the armors getting closer and closer, Ling Shuang shook her head. "It's useless. This armor is too strong …"
Luo Zheng observed the armor as he raised his head to size it up.
Although the upward passage had collapsed, the small hole was still there. He thought for a moment and said, "Don't be discouraged. We can't beat them, but we can always escape!"
"How?" Ling Shuang asked.
"Just watch," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Cha! Cha! Cha! "
The two armors climbed a few more feet and arrived at Luo Zheng's feet.
They were similar in shape to humans, but they only had two hands. If the two rusty knives were inserted into the wall, they would not be able to attack.
Judging from the previous series of performances, the two armors did not have high intelligence.
When one of the armors was half a foot away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng said, "Hold on tight!"
Ling Shuang hugged Luo Zheng's neck tightly and felt herself falling.
Luo Zheng stepped on the shoulder of the armor. His strength exploded again, and he jumped up again.
"Whoosh!"
Relying on this impact, Luo Zheng's body climbed up more than a hundred feet. His right hand turned into a knife and stabbed into the wall again!
Ling Shuang was very nervous. When she found that she and Luo Zheng were hanging on the wall, she let out a long sigh of relief. "Good job!"
The reaction of the two armors was a little slow. They turned their heads and looked at each other. Their red eyes flashed, and their climbing speed suddenly increased. "Kacha, kacha, kacha …"
In this situation, Luo Zheng's state of mind became abnormally calm.
He still had the intention of stepping on the armors. Although he didn't reach his goal, as long as he did it properly, he could use them to climb up to the square above.
When the armor came close for the second time, Luo Zheng stepped on its shoulder again.
But when he stepped on it for the second time, one of the armors suddenly turned its head, and the helmet on its head suddenly opened. The steel helmet was empty, but near the helmet were two rows of tiny sawteeth, like the fangs of a ferocious beast!
"Crack!"
Two rows of serrated teeth directly bit towards Luo Zheng's feet!
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's reaction was extremely fast. Before the sawtooth closed, he had already shot upwards!
"How dangerous!"
Luo Zheng's heart was also pounding.
If he was bitten, he was afraid that it would be difficult for him to break free, and the result could be imagined.
Luo Zheng's vigilance also increased greatly!
The armors didn't seem to have high intelligence, but they seemed to be able to constantly correct their cognition.
At first, they wanted to jump up and chase after Luo Zheng, but after a few attempts, they gave up. Now, they were using the wall as support to climb up.
Luo Zheng borrowed the strength of the armors. After only one time, they thought of a way to deal with him. The next time, it would be more troublesome …
Ling Shuang hung tightly on Luo Zheng's neck, and hugged him gently with both hands.
Although they weren't out of danger yet, Ling Shuang couldn't help but feel a sense of security. No matter how big the trouble was, this man would always find a way. She felt that they would definitely be able to rush up.
Luo Zheng pondered over the thinking habits of the armors. They didn't have the foresight of intelligent creatures. They only knew how to learn from their mistakes.
When he stepped on them for the third time, Luo Zheng naturally changed his position. This time, he stepped directly on their heads!
"Buzz, buzz!"
What was interesting was that when Luo Zheng stepped on the top of the armor, the two armors subconsciously bit his shoulders. Luo Zheng was amused by this action, which was like seeking a sword by carving a boat.
When he stepped on them for the fourth time, Luo Zheng's feet stepped on the elbows of the armors.
The fifth time …
The sixth time …
Every time, Luo Zheng would change his position. When he stepped on them for the seventh time, Luo Zheng was very close to the exit above.
"Whoosh!"
In one breath, he dragged Ling Shuang and rushed out of the square exit!
The people of the Jiuli tribe stood not far away, still waiting.
According to the clues they had obtained, the people in the basement should be dead soon, along with the body!
Then, the two armors would leave the basement …
But now, after such a long time, the two armors were still active in the basement. This made them very puzzled.
"I'll go and take a look," the little girl's brother said.
Just as he neared the square exit, he saw a figure rushing out from the top.
The little girl's brother almost subconsciously struck out his palm!
"Get lost!"
Luo Zheng didn't know who it was, but he had escaped with great difficulty. How could he tolerate a sneak attack?
The little girl's brother had only struck out half of his palm when he felt an irresistible force spread over him. The force was enough to determine his life and death!
In his anxiety, he forcibly withdrew his palm and his whole body was almost lying on the ground.
Although he had avoided this fatal blow, just the wind of the palm passing over his head made him feel incomparably painful.
Luo Zheng's attack didn't hit him, so he turned sideways and was about to strike again. At this moment, the human girl shouted, "Please let go of my brother! He didn't do it on purpose! "
The human girl's voice was crisp and tender. Ling Shuang and Luo Zheng found it very familiar.
Luo Zheng thought that these people were of the same race after all, so he withdrew his palm and stood steadily on the side with Ling Shuang.
After Ling Shuang got down from Luo Zheng's back, she stared coldly at the human girl and said, "You were embarrassed by the Liyuan tribe in the Eleventh Layer of Heaven, so I saved your life. Now you want to hit me when I'm down?"
The human girl was stunned. Although she couldn't see the face clearly, after Ling Shuang's reminder, she immediately recognized that this woman was the one who had helped her out in the Eleventh Layer of Heaven and paid 200,000 Soul Dans.
"You are … my benefactor?" the human girl said in a daze.
After she reached the Twelfth Layer of Heaven, she wanted to inquire about the other party's background. When the time was right, she had to pay back the 200,000 Soul Dans. However, Ling Shuang impatiently drove her away, so the little girl couldn't do anything.
The Higan Heavenly Palace was so big. If she didn't know her name, the possibility of meeting her again was very small. Even if they met, it would be difficult to recognize her.
She didn't expect that they would meet here …

Chapter 2927
Exposed
If they hadn't observed clearly, they wouldn't have dared to sneak attack Luo Zheng even if they had a hundred guts.
It was almost impossible for an ordinary Yang soul's soul attack to cause any substantial damage to Luo Zheng. Such an action was no different from courting death.
"It's okay." Luo Zheng shook his head. He believed the other party's words.
"Kacha, kacha …"
At this time, the two armors in the basement slowly climbed to the entrance.
It wasn't easy for them to escape from the basement. How could Luo Zheng be willing to stay?
"These two armors are very strong. Let's leave this place quickly," Luo Zheng said as he took Ling Shuang away.
The people of the Jiuli tribe looked at each other and hesitated.
They knew that these two armors couldn't leave the basement.
The entire basement was a very typical trap. After the walls were destroyed, the two armors would be activated. At the same time, the underground passage would collapse and the Yang souls inside would die.
However, the pursuit of the armors was limited to the basement. They couldn't climb out.
The people of the Jiuli tribe knew this, so they naturally hesitated.
However, the little girl's brother reacted the fastest. He quickly said, "Yes, let's leave here quickly! These armors are too powerful! Let's go! "
The other people of the Jiuli tribe came to their senses and quickly pretended to be afraid.
Luo Zheng took Ling Shuang's hand and was about to leave, but Ling Shuang suddenly stopped and said, "Wait."
Luo Zheng only wanted to protect Ling Shuang's safety and didn't think too much. However, Ling Shuang was more cautious.
This group of people was very strange.
After the basement was opened by the mice, all the Yang souls of the foreign races had already entered. They were the only ones who stayed outside.
There were two explanations for this.
First, they might not have known. They had rushed over after the two armors had rushed into the basement. How could they dare to enter when they saw the tragic situation in the basement?
Second, they knew that such a disaster would happen in the basement, so they had been waiting outside.
When Ling Shuang had just been carried up by Luo Zheng, she was inclined to the first possibility. These people didn't know anything and were just passing by.
However, even though they knew that the two demon-like armors in the basement were climbing up, these people were still so calm. Especially when Luo Zheng signaled for everyone to leave quickly, they still had a trace of hesitation.
It was only after that person's reminder that the others agreed to leave.
This kind of acting was very clumsy.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked.
The tribesmen of the Jiuli Tribe were also stunned. Their expressions became complicated.
Looking at their reactions, Ling Shuang's judgement was confirmed. She slowly walked to the square hole.
"Be careful." Luo Zheng followed Ling Shuang. He knew that Ling Shuang wouldn't act recklessly. There must be a reason for her to do so, so he didn't stop her.
Ling Shuang looked down and said, "Look …"
The two armors that were clinging to the wall stopped moving when they were about five feet away from the hole. They just hung there stupidly.
Buzz!
Buzz!
When the two armors raised their heads, the red light in their eyes flickered continuously, but they just couldn't come up.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng squatted down at the square hole and stretched out a hand.
The armor was also unwilling to give up. It pulled out a rusty knife, climbed up one more step, and swung the knife across the air.
This knife was still far away from Luo Zheng. Naturally, it couldn't hurt him.
"Be careful. Don't act recklessly!" Ling Shuang said unhappily.
Even though Luo Zheng was confident, Ling Shuang still felt that this was a dangerous move.
The other armor pulled out two rusty knives directly and smashed them down from a height of more than a thousand feet.
The heavy body hit the ground, creating a big hole in the ground of the basement.
After the two armors left, an even more magical scene appeared.
Inside the basement, there was a trace of colorful fog gradually rising. This fog completely blocked the vision.
"Look! What is that? "Ling Shuang distinguished a small thing in the fog, but she couldn't see it clearly.
Luo Zheng stared at it and raised his eyebrows slightly. "It looks like an hourglass …"
In the center of the fog, a fist-sized hourglass floated in it.
The sand in the hourglass flowed very fast. When the sand from the top flowed to the bottom, the hourglass would automatically turn and the sand would continue to flow from the top to the bottom.
As the hourglass continued to turn, everything in the basement was reversed by time.
The two armors returned to the outside of the wall again.
The originally broken chains were tied to them again.
The wall that was broken by Luo Zheng and the armor was also constantly moving backward and began to recover. The pattern on the wall also connected into a whole.
The basement, which was originally a mess, was now restored to its original state. The collapsed passage also quickly floated up and connected to the square entrance of the upper level.
Everything was restored. Only the dead did not come back to life. Those dead Yang souls were still dead in the end.
Luo Zheng did not rashly return to the basement. The scene in front of him had already shown that there was something wrong with the humans above. He turned around and looked at the people of the Jiuli tribe. "You knew beforehand?"
The people of the Jiuli tribe remained silent. It was difficult for them to explain, but they were also unwilling to admit it.
"If you can't communicate calmly, shouldn't you use some strange methods?" Luo Zheng's voice gradually turned cold.
In the temple, he could control the life of any Yang soul. There was nowhere to run.
Perhaps these humans thought that Luo Zheng was kind and would not attack his own kind. However, if necessary, he would not hesitate.
"The back door of the Temple of Heaven cannot be opened by force. If you do, you will die," the little girl's brother said.
They were all smart people. If they played tricks in this situation, they would really be courting death. They could only choose to tell the truth.
"Do you have a way to open it?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The people of the Jiuli tribe fell silent again.
If they really revealed the clues, they were afraid that their identities would be exposed.
For these descendants of the Jiuli tribe, it was equivalent to giving their lives to the other party.
"Speak," Luo Zheng spat out a word.
Ling Shuang leaned against Luo Zheng and tilted her head slightly.
At this moment, the little girl of the human race suddenly said, "I heard you mention the Jiuli tribe outside the temple … You don't have any evil intentions towards the Jiuli tribe, right?"
"Xiao Qing!"
"What nonsense are you talking about!"
"…"
Xiao Qing's words attracted the scolding of the clansmen. She was immediately frightened.
Her question was very stupid.
If it were any other time, it might not be a problem for her to ask this question.
However, in this context, they were the ones being forced to answer by Luo Zheng. It was like a child who had broken a vase and first asked their parents if they would be punished if they broke the vase.
This was equivalent to telling the other party that they were from the Jiuli tribe.

Chapter 2928
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Background
Qiu Yinhe knew a part of Luo Zheng's background, but he did not reveal everything to Taiyi Mountain.
However, Ling Shuang had speculated that Luo Zheng might be from the Jiuli tribe.
However, the issue of his identity was too sensitive. Luo Zheng did not mention it, and Ling Shuang also avoided this topic.
She did not expect that there were still survivors of the Jiuli tribe.
"You are from the Jiuli tribe?" Luo Zheng stepped forward and asked.
The Jiuli tribe members were very anxious. Xiao Qing's brother said, "The little girl is just talking nonsense. Why do you take it seriously? If there is nothing else, we will leave first! "
This was not the only chance to explore the temple.
Although it was a pity to give up now, exposing their identity was their biggest taboo.
If the other party left something on their Yang soul and followed the clues, they might be able to kill all the survivors of the Jiuli tribe!
In order to be safe, they were willing to give up. Moreover, someone would open the All-Sky Temple again in the future.
"Wait." Luo Zheng stepped forward and blocked the entrance.
The Jiuli tribe members' expressions became very ugly.
If Luo Zheng really wanted to keep them here, it would be too easy!
"Sir, we have no enmity with you. Please be magnanimous," Xiao Qing's brother said with his hands cupped.
Who knew that Luo Zheng simply ignored him and pointed at Xiao Qing and said, "You, come over here!"
Xiao Qing blinked her eyes.
Although her brothers were very nervous, Xiao Qing was the most relaxed.
She always felt that the person in front of her had no evil intentions towards the Jiuli tribe. However, in the eyes of Xiao Qing's brother, she was just naive and naive.
"Sir, don't make things difficult for us …" Xiao Qing's brother said bitterly.
The others were also in a difficult position. Xiao Qing was young and naive. They were afraid that she would expose her identity with just a few words.
Luo Zheng did not want to pay attention to these people. He directly pulled Xiao Qing to the other side.
Xiao Qing's brother saw that he could not stop them and suddenly became ruthless. "I tried to persuade you again and again, but you did not listen. You are really forcing us into a corner. We can only offend you first!"
"Buzz!"
The purple light on the surface of his and the other four Jiuli tribesmen's souls bloomed.
The Sun Souls of these four people instantly formed a whole!
An illusory figure gradually appeared between them, and this illusory figure had three heads and six arms!
"It really is Jiu Li …" Ling Shuang's eyes flashed when she saw the three heads and six arms.
This shadow was also a Soul Super Ability constructed by the Nine Li Tribe's Bloodline Power. Its power was extremely shocking. However, Ling Shuang was not worried at all. No matter how powerful this Soul Super Ability was, it was not a match for Luo Zheng.
These people were probably forced into a corner, which was why they chose to attack.
"Brother!"
When Xiao Qing saw that her brothers had chosen to make a move, she was also very anxious.
"Three heads and six arms?" Luo Zheng raised the corners of his mouth slightly, revealing a smile. "I have one too!"
"Hua!"
The power of the Rage God was instantly mobilized. The bloodline of the Nine Li Tribe was also surging in his body.
In an instant, Luo Zheng's body expanded by ten times. A "small giant" of fifty to sixty feet tall was about the same size as the illusory figure. He waved three pairs of fists and smashed fiercely at the illusory figure with three heads and six arms.
This illusory figure with three heads and six arms was their ultimate trump card. They would never use it unless their lives were at stake. After all, once they used it, their identities would naturally be exposed.
They were also forced by Luo Zheng to choose to make a move at this moment because they had no other choice.
"Pu!"
This illusory figure was indeed powerful when used to kill Sun Souls. However, when faced with an "authentic" like Luo Zheng, there was no possibility of resisting.
At the moment of contact, the five people felt a roar in their heads. They did not have time to maintain the three heads and six arms before the illusory figure collapsed completely.
A tearing pain came from the five people's minds. They all hugged their heads and squatted on the ground.
"Don't hurt my brother!" Xiao Qing said anxiously.
Although Xiao Qing's brother was in extreme pain, an inexplicable emotion rushed out of his mind. In the blink of an eye, he threw the pain to the back of his mind. He suddenly stood up and said in an incredulous voice, "You, you, you, you …"
He said the word "you" several times in a row. However, the pain of the illusory figure being shattered was still reverberating in his mind. He could not complete a sentence.
Luo Zheng gently dispersed the power of the Rage God. His body quickly returned to its normal size. He said with a smile, "You want to ask why I can transform into three heads and six arms, right?"
"Wu …"
Xiao Qing's brother covered his head. After enduring the pain, he nodded and said, "Yes! This is a bloodline magical ability that only the Nine Li Tribe has! Why can you … "
"Brother, what do you mean why? He must be from our Nine Li Tribe to be able to transform into three heads and six arms! "Xiao Qing said matter-of-factly.
Luo Zheng nodded and smiled at Xiao Qing. This little girl was frank and sincere.
However, her brother could not be blamed.
After the extermination of the Nine Li Tribe, these survivors lived cautiously. They had no choice but to be cautious.
Xiao Qing's brother and the other men of the Nine Li Tribe all stared at Luo Zheng in disbelief. They really did not expect that Xiao Qing's guess at the gate of Mi Tian Shen Temple was true!
"Which branch of the Nine Li Tribe do you belong to?" Xiao Qing's brother cupped his hands and asked.
Luo Zheng turned his head and glanced at Ling Shuang. Ling Shuang spread out his hands, indicating that it was up to him to say it or not.
He had been in the Heavenly Palace for some time. If Luo Zheng was still on guard against Ling Shuang, it would be too sad.
"My mother … is Luo Shui," Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng's mother later took the surname "Li". However, her original name in the Nine Li Tribe was "Luo Shui".
These people were the younger generation of the Nine Li Tribe. They were born after the Nine Li Tribe was destroyed.
Although they did not experience that era, they had heard all kinds of legends about the Nine Li Tribe since they were young. Of course, they knew who "Luo Shui" was!
"You …"
"Are of the royal family!"
"Should I choose to believe …"
The others were stunned. Xiao Qing also looked at Luo Zheng with a dumbfounded expression.
Only Xiao Qing's brother trembled a few times. He took a step forward and was about to kneel down in front of Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng gently stopped him. Then, he shook his head and said with a smile, "No need to be so polite. Maybe I'm lying to you?"
Of course, this was a joke.
The Nine Li Tribe's three heads and six arms required a high bloodline. The bloodline could not be faked.
Ling Shuang's eyes were also somewhat complicated.
Although she had speculated that Luo Zheng came from the Nine Li Tribe, she did not expect him to be so involved with the Nine Li Tribe.
If the Nine Li Tribe was at its peak, his status should be similar to Feng Ge …
No, much higher than Feng Ge.
After all, the Heavenly Palace was the Seven Mountains Alliance.

Chapter 2929
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Intruder
Whether Luo Zheng was joking or not, these Jiuli tribesmen chose to believe him.
No matter what, Luo Zheng had already proven that he was a Jiuli tribesman. In the Nirvana Realm, they could not verify his bloodline, let alone test his purity. However, having three heads and six arms was already the best proof.
"Since Brother Tianxing is the son of the royal family, why did you enter the Heavenly Palace?" Xiao Qing's brother asked again.
Now, their curiosity about Luo Zheng had surpassed the Dark Domain!
At the entrance of the Temple of Heaven, the Ear Mice all called him "Tianxing." These Jiuli tribesmen naturally thought that his real name was "Tianxing."
"It's a long story," Luo Zheng said seriously. "If there's a chance, I hope you can ask the elders of your tribe to come to the Heavenly Palace. I want to meet you."
Although both sides tried their best to trust each other, they were far from revealing everything.
Xiao Qing's brother would not reveal the location of the tribe, and Luo Zheng would not reveal the location of the divine realm.
"I will definitely report this to the elders," Xiao Qing's brother replied.
If "Tianxing" was really the son of Luo Shui and had such amazing abilities, the Jiuli tribe would definitely take the risk to go to the Heavenly Palace to meet him!
The Jiuli tribe and the Heavenly Palace had never been on bad terms, and they had chosen the same path. Relatively speaking, they could still guarantee their safety.
Next, these people took the initiative to introduce themselves to Luo Zheng.
"My name is Huo Ze," Xiao Qing's brother said.
"Brother Tianxing, my name is Lan Qing! You can just call me Xiao Qing! "The little girl said with a smile.
After these Jiuli tribesmen introduced themselves, Huo Ze took the initiative to say to Luo Zheng, "Brother Tianxing, this wall can't be opened with brute force. If it's opened by force, it will only invite disaster!"
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang had experienced what Huo Ze said.
With Luo Zheng's physical body, he could not resist the two armors, let alone these Yang souls. It was indeed a disaster.
"Then do you have a way to enter?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Yes," Huo Ze nodded.
Now, in Huo Ze's heart, Luo Zheng had risen to someone he could trust.
Although he could not completely, it was not a good thing to Luo Zheng Translation Exploring the Dark Domain..... Even Huo Ze, Huo Ze himself was not.....
Luo Zheng made a "please" gesture.
Huo Ze did not hesitate. He led Lan Qing and the other Nine Li tribesmen into the square entrance.
"So you are here!"
At this moment, a slightly cold voice came from the entrance of the tower.
Hearing, Luo, Luo Ze: Ling, Luo, Luo, Luo … Translation is to Luo Lu Translation Translation Translation Translation,, Translation Translation
The Translation to Translation to Luo Zheng Luo Translation translation That was Xer, Was Translation
When they entered the celestial temple, Chou Xue and Feng Ge wanted to follow Luo Zheng, but they were rejected by Luo Zheng. After all, he had already agreed to cooperate with Ear Mouse and only brought Ling Shuang into the All-Heaven Celestial Temple.
Was Was Was,'s House 'Ze Dynasty? "....
After exploring the courtyard for a while, they chose a tower to enter.
A portion of the alien Yang Souls that had stepped into the Divine Temple of Heaven had died in the passageway, and nearly half of them had died in the basement. Another portion, like Feng Ge and the others, had entered the towers.
Feng Ge and Chou Xue's luck was not good. The towers were also filled with traps. They did not find anything after exploring, so Feng Ge suggested another tower.
She did not expect to see "Tianxing" and Ling Shuang as soon as she arrived.
"This has nothing to do with you. Brother Chou Xue, take her away," Ling Shuang said coldly. She lost interest when she saw Feng Ge.
Before Chou Xue could say anything, Feng Ge had already lost his temper. He retorted, "Do you think this is Taiyi Mountain? Is Princess Ling Shuang the one who has the final say? "
"Yes, I have the final say." Ling Shuang did not back down.
The Jiuli people did not understand the quarrel between the two women.
Huo Ze looked at Luo Zheng. After all, no one had the final say here. He was the one who had the final say.
"Princess Ling Shuang, since we have entered the Temple of Heaven, we are free to explore wherever we want, right?" Chou Xue said with a smile, "Besides, the Seven Mountains of the Heavenly Palace are one family. If there is any opportunity, we can take care of each other. Brother Tianxing, do you think I am right?"
As the saying goes, one does not hit a smiling person. Chou Xue had a flexible personality and his words were pleasant.
The moment he entered the tower, he saw a square tunnel on the ground. He had some confidence.
Although he did not know what had happened, it probably had something to do with the tunnel in the hidden realm.
Chou Xue did not want to miss such an opportunity.
Ling Shuang pursed her lips. She did not know how to respond.
If Feng Ge was not here, it would be fine. She did not mind Chou Xue and the other disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
"Brother Chou Xue is right. We are all family. If we go down together, we can take care of each other," Luo Zheng said with a nod.
The Yang souls of the Ear Rats were all dead. Only the people of the Heavenly Palace and Jiuli did not have much of a taboo. If Ling Shuang insisted on going down her own way, it would eventually make the Taiyi Mountain and Greater One Mountain unhappy.
Ling Shuang also knew her limits. Since Luo Zheng had made a decision, she could only reluctantly agree.
Not only Ling Shuang, but Huo Ze and the others were also unwilling. However, they did not show it.
"In that case, you will go down with us," Luo Zheng said.
Huo Ze, Lan Qing and the other Jiuli people went down first. Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang were in the middle. Chou Xue and Feng Ge led the disciples of the Heavenly Palace and followed closely behind.
In the process of going down the tunnel, when Chou Xue asked about the whereabouts of the Ear Rats, Luo Zheng sighed and said, "They are all dead."
"The Ear Rats … are all dead?" Chou Xue was stunned for a moment.
He did not dare to believe it. The Ear Rats were all ghosts and there were many of them who entered the Temple of Heaven. How could there not be one left?
"Not only the Ear Rats, the thousands of Yang souls in the basement are all dead." Luo Zheng roughly explained what had happened in the basement.
After he finished speaking, Feng Ge, Chou Xue and the disciples of the Heavenly Palace subconsciously stopped.
This basement was so dangerous. Wouldn't they be courting death if they entered?
"If you are afraid, you don't have to follow." Ling Shuang turned her head and looked at Feng Ge provocatively.
Feng Ge could not stand the ridicule of others. He only snorted coldly and immediately took a step forward.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Brother Chou Xue, don't be nervous. Since we dared to come down, it is because they have thought of a solution."
"A solution …" Chou Xue looked at Huo Ze and the others and asked, "Which human force do these people come from?"
You Xiong and Shennong had been expelled. The other human forces were all small forces. If these people really knew the way to the Dark Domain, they could not have come from those small human forces.

Chapter 2930
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The wall opens.
Chou Xinghe understood the sensitivity of these people's identities and laughed, "We're all brothers of the human race. It doesn't matter where we're from."
Huo Ze and the other Jiuli tribesmen stopped in their tracks, but now they were relieved.
The entire basement had been restored to its original state. It was no longer as messy as before.
"Squeak … squeak squeak …"
"Squeak squeak squeak …"
Just as they walked down the passage, they heard a squeak coming from the corner of the wall.
"What's that?"
"Mouse-shaped souls?"
"This seems to be the souls of the Ear Mice! Why are they so weak? "
A few disciples of the Heavenly Palace saw the souls and were immediately curious.
Only Yang souls in indigo or about to enter the Thirteen Heavens of the Nirvana Realm could enter. But these souls in the corner of the wall were faintly discernible, like candles in the wind that could be extinguished at any time!
This was an extremely elementary soul form. Not to mention the Nirvana Realm and the Sea of Truth, it was even difficult for the soul to leave the body.
"These souls … belong to the Ear Mice," Luo Zheng said as he stared at the faint souls.
Huo Ze also nodded, "They were restored to their original state by the Hourglass of Time."
The Ear Mice tribe did not rely on any clues to discover the basement behind the Temple of Heaven. They must be plotting something against the Dark Realm.
This time, they were extremely well prepared for their operation.
In fact, they had done it very well. At least they invited Luo Zheng and even broke the wall.
But they did not know that breaking the wall would cost them a lot.
When the two armors that even Luo Zheng could not block appeared, the Ear Mice made a seemingly smart decision. They used a soul magic weapon to hide in the corner of the wall.
Their hiding method was quite clever. In the chaos, not only did the two armors not discover them, but the other alien races also did not discover them, including Luo Zheng.
But the Ear Mice did not know that after the armors left, another restoration was carried out in the basement!
When the seven-colored fog slowly rose, the Ear Mice also realized that something was wrong, but it was impossible to escape at this time.
Although the passage to the upper level was gradually restored, the Ear Mice were also restored in the fog, and finally, they became what they were now …
The Yang souls of these Earthen Rats only had the most basic consciousness. When they saw Chou Xue coming over, they squeaked and surrounded him. However, even in this basement, they couldn't stand the aura of Nirvana. Each and every one of them was shivering.
Lan Qing blinked a few times, then pulled out a Soul Pill. Crushing it lightly, it released a strand of brown soul power.
The little Eared Mice instinctively decided that this Spiritual Force was their "food", but just as they gathered around, Huo Ze had already rushed forward and dispersed the Spiritual Force.
"Brother, you …" Lan Qing was shocked.
"The Soul Energy in the Soul Pill can make them feel better," Ling Shuang said.
Feng Ge, who was not far away, laughed coldly. "The Yang Soul of this Ear Mouse is no different from that of a newborn baby. Try giving the baby the Soul Replenishing Pill. See if you can withstand it."
Chou Xue also nodded and said, "Prince Feng Ge is right. The Soul Elixir will only accelerate their deaths."
"So pitiful." Lan Qing shook her head.
Although adult Ear Mice had pointy mouths and monkey cheeks, and their appearance was annoying, these little Ear Mice's souls were very cute. They stuck to their feet and rubbed against them.
"Ling Shuang, put them into the Sumeru Space," Luo Zheng said.
Souls could be cultivated again. If the Ear Mice clan had preserved their memories, as long as they were given enough time, they might be able to recover.
No matter what, this place was brought to him by the Ear Mice clan. If Luo Zheng could save their lives while he was at it, he would not ignore it.
"Okay." Ling Shuang nodded. A blue square frame appeared on her fingertips and pointed at the Ear Mice. "Squeak, squeak, squeak …"
The Ear Mice had no idea what was happening. They were immediately sucked into the Sumeru Space Ring.
The Sumeru Space Ring of the Nirvana Realm was also called a space, so it could avoid the harsh atmosphere of the Nirvana Realm. As for how to move these fragile souls out of the Nirvana Realm, it was up to the Ear Mice clan to figure out a way.
After dealing with the Ear Mice, Huo Ze walked towards the strangely shaped big stones on the side of the basement.
This row of stones was very smooth, and there were some incomplete round holes on the surface.
Luo Zheng had looked at them before, but he had no idea what these stones were for.
Huo Ze walked along the row of stones, from left to right, and stopped in front of the seventh stone. He took out three pieces of jade of different colors from his hand.
When he saw the three pieces of jade, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly.
The size of the jade fit perfectly with the round holes on the stone!
After Huo Ze observed for a while, he put the first green jade into the round hole on the top.
When he gently pushed the jade stone in, he heard a "click" sound, and the entire basement seemed to vibrate. Everyone raised their heads and looked around, but there was no change at all.
Huo Ze did not stop. He then put the red and purple jade into the two round holes on the bottom.
"Click!"
"Click!"
Two more crisp sounds were heard, and the whole basement rumbled and shook.
The pattern on the outside wall of the basement began to change. The pattern that was originally connected to each other began to rotate from both sides. It was connected to the two armors separately, and the two patterns formed a separate loop.
Then the wall began to slowly rotate, and the passage to the outside of the basement opened.
Because the pattern had changed, the wall did not destroy the integrity of the pattern during the rotation. The chains wrapped around the two armors naturally did not break. The armors were still standing on the platform eerily, motionless.
"Success!"
"We can go out now!"
"The clues are correct!"
Huo Ze, Lan Qing, and the other Jiuli tribesmen all had smiles on their faces.
Before entering the Temple of Heaven, they were also very nervous. Now that they had really opened the wall, they were naturally excited.
Luo Zheng walked out, and his gaze fell on the two armors. He looked at the pattern on the wall and suddenly realized that this mechanism was designed here to prevent people from forcefully smashing the wall!
"Is this armor really that powerful?"
"It slaughtered thousands of Yang souls of foreign races, tsk tsk …"
"…"
Several disciples of the Heavenly Palace reached out to touch the armor, but Chou Xue reminded them, "Don't touch it. If this thing wakes up again, a hundred lives won't be enough for you!"
Those disciples of the Heavenly Palace quickly withdrew their hands as if they had been burned.
After passing the two armors, there was a long and narrow wooden bridge in front of them. The wooden bridge was only two people wide, and it extended all the way into the distance. In the darkness, they could faintly see the three small wooden houses.

Chapter 2931
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Wooden Bridge
In the knowledge of most creatures, the dark domain was a nothingness that could not be entered.
The consequence of taking a step into it was to be sucked into eternal darkness...
No one knew how or why the Yang Souls who fell into the dark domain died.
They just silently fell, and their physical bodies turned into soulless shells.
No matter who it was, there was a hidden fear of the dark domain. The Yang Souls who wandered in the 13th Heaven would choose to stay far away from the dark domain.
"This bridge should be within the range of the dark domain," Chou Xue analyzed.
The two dark domains of the 13th Heaven were arranged in a semicircle. The outermost fan surface drew an arc, cutting right behind the Temple of Heaven.
Several disciples of the Heavenly Palace were originally walking in front. When Chou Xue said this, they all stopped in unison, as if there was an extremely terrifying existence waiting for them on the bridge. Some of them even took two steps back.
Huo Ze and the other members of the Jiuli tribe were very confident in their information. They took the lead and stepped onto the wooden bridge. At the same time, they said, "The wooden bridge is indeed within the range of the dark domain, but there is no need to be afraid of places with light."
Luo Zheng followed closely behind and stood on the wooden bridge. He looked around, and the curiosity on his face grew stronger and stronger. "I don't know where the light here comes from. It's so strange..."
9527 had once told Luo Zheng that only those candles could illuminate the dark domain.
At the entrance of the Temple of Heaven, Luo Zheng could also see the wooden bridge when he observed the area. He guessed in his heart whether there were candles on the wooden bridge as well. Now that he did not see any, he naturally felt a little strange.
Where was the light source?
"There are some things that we can't see," Huo Ze replied.
They knew too little about the dark domain, so naturally they could not touch that layer of mystery.
Luo Zheng nodded. He only knew that candles could illuminate the dark domain, but he knew nothing about the shape of the candles and what was in the dark domain.
Ling Shuang followed behind Luo Zheng, and then Chou Xue and Feng Ge led many disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
Those disciples of the Heavenly Palace were originally very afraid, but thinking that the Dark Domain was a pure land that no one had ever explored before, if they could find a unique Nirvana token in it, their status in the Heavenly Palace would be greatly different in the future.
With this thought in mind, they walked onto the wooden bridge without hesitation.
"Creak … Creak … Creak …"
It was unknown how many years this wooden bridge had been built, but it was actually somewhat decaying.
The weight of the Sun Soul was very light, so he didn't feel much when he stepped on it. With every step Luo Zheng took, the wooden bridge swayed a little, as if it was about to collapse.
"Your Excellency Tianhang, please be gentler. If this wooden bridge collapses, we'll be in trouble." Chou Xizi laughed from behind.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and lightened his steps.
As the group of people continued to move forward, they gradually went deeper into the darkness.
The surroundings were completely silent. Looking to the left, there was only darkness. Looking to the right, there was still darkness. The end of the wooden bridge could not be seen.
At this time, a disciple of the Heavenly Palace behind him suddenly shouted, "What's going on? The temple is gone? "
The disciple of the Heavenly Palace also felt that the surroundings were too lonely. He couldn't help but look back, and the scene he saw made him dumbfounded.
Luo Zheng, Ling Shuang, and the Jiuli Tribe's Ninjas also turned around. In their line of sight, they could only see a section of the wooden bridge extending from the darkness. Whether it was the tower of the Temple of Heaven or the other shore further away, everything had completely disappeared.
"I, I want to go back," a disciple of the Heavenly Palace said.
This disciple of the Heavenly Palace was from the Taishi Palace and was brought here by Feng Ge.
He was originally not willing to explore the Temple of Heaven, but his duty was to protect Feng Ge, so he could only bite the bullet and follow.
Along the way, he endured the experience. With the help of other foreign races, there was no danger. He thought that after exploring the Temple of Heaven, he would be able to leave safely. Who would have thought that he would really come to such a damned place!
"Okay, you can go back alone," Feng Ge said indifferently. She had always looked down on cowardly people.
The disciple of the Taishi Palace suddenly stopped talking. If he went back alone, who knew what he would encounter!
"It should just be a visual effect. The Temple of Heaven can't disappear. Don't make a fuss," Luo Zheng said.
Although the current leaders were Huo Ze and the others from the Jiuli Tribe, Luo Zheng was still the backbone.
Who let him be the only one with a body? If something really happened, he would be the first to rush to the front.
Chou Xinghe and Ling Shuang also comforted him, and everyone set off again.
The light source on the wooden bridge was not evenly distributed. After walking for a while, the light became brighter and dimmer. This also confirmed Huo Ze's words. The candles definitely existed, and they were lit on top of the wooden bridge. It was just that they could not see them.
"Creak, creak, creak …"
Although Luo Zheng reduced his strength, the sound of his footsteps was still the same.
However, after continuing to walk for a while, there were some other sounds among the footsteps.
"Da …"
"Da da da …"
It sounded like small insects gnawing on a wooden board, sometimes fast and sometimes slow.
The moment this sound appeared, Luo Zheng, Huo Ze and Chou Xinghe noticed it.
"Stop," Huo Ze said.
"There seems to be other sounds," Chou Xinghe said.
Luo Zheng stopped, and the "da da" sound disappeared instantly.
"What sound … brother, don't scare me!" Lan Qing's voice was trembling.
Because of the environment of the Jiuli Tribe, these people were very strong, but Lan Qing was still too young.
"The sound disappeared," Luo Zheng said.
With that, he stepped forward again …
Just when he stepped on the bridge, there was a clear "da da" sound mixed with the "creak" sound!
This time, everyone on the wooden bridge heard it clearly.
"It seems … under the wooden bridge?"
"What the hell is following us?"
"Oh my god, it's the monster in the dark field!"
The faces of the disciples of the Heavenly Palace turned pale, and their voices trembled.
Ling Shuang couldn't help but lean against Luo Zheng. Feng Ge was also scared, but she still squinted and looked at both sides of the wooden bridge with her head held high.
"It's indeed below. Something is following us …"
As Luo Zheng spoke, he held the railing of the wooden bridge and looked down.
However, the structure of the wooden bridge was thin at the bottom and wide at the top. It was impossible to see the situation below from above, and the bottom of the wooden bridge was dark, so they couldn't use their Divine Sense to explore.
Just when everyone was in a panic, Huo Ze, who was at the front, suddenly said in a very cautious and soft voice, "Lord, Lord Tianhang, behind … behind …"
Luo Zheng, Ling Shuang, Lan Qing and Feng Ge all turned their heads slightly and saw a black tail on one side of the wooden bridge.
This tail stretched out from under the wooden bridge. It was as thin as a rope, and there was a sharp barb at the end of the tail.

Chapter 2932
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Monkey Monster
The Heavenly Palace disciple standing at the back obviously didn't know what had happened.
When he saw that the people in front of him were all looking back at him, he was baffled. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a black tail on the side, and his whole body stiffened.
Although he didn't know what the tail was, it came from under the wooden bridge, so it must be a creature from the dark domain!
Although the Heavenly Palace disciple tried his best to control his emotions, his Sun Soul couldn't help but fluctuate strongly.
"Who can save me … Save me!"
He lowered his voice and shouted.
When the Heavenly Palace disciples not far from him saw the tail, they were also extremely scared. They didn't even have time to escape, so how could they dare to save him?
However, they didn't dare to disturb the tail, and could only move their feet on the wooden bridge with a very small movement.
When the Heavenly Palace disciple saw that his call for help was useless, in a moment of desperation, he also moved forward little by little, trying to get farther away from the tail.
But as soon as he moved, the barbed tail swayed in a circle in the air and rolled towards the Heavenly Palace disciple!
"Get down!"
Luo Zheng shouted and jumped up from the top of everyone's heads, heading straight for the tail.
Although the strength of these Sun Souls was not bad, it was still difficult for them to fight against a creature from the Nirvana Realm. Moreover, this tail probably came from the dark domain. Now, the only one who could make a move was probably Luo Zheng.
When the Heavenly Palace disciple heard Luo Zheng's words, he subconsciously lay down on the wooden bridge, but the tail under the bridge swept up empty air!
But at this time, Luo Zheng had only just passed over Feng Ge's head, and was still some distance away from the Heavenly Palace disciple. The flexibility of the tail was beyond everyone's imagination.
After it missed, it just swung around the wooden bridge. The Heavenly Palace disciple, who was lying on the bridge, had no space to dodge. He could only watch as the tail pierced the Sun Soul of the Heavenly Palace disciple, and his whole body was pulled out of the wooden bridge.
When Luo Zheng saw this, he also jumped with all his strength and reached out to grab the Heavenly Palace disciple.
However, it was as if the tail had eyes. It saw Luo Zheng's movements clearly and deliberately made an illusion that it was swinging to the right. Then, it went around Luo Zheng and retreated into the darkness at the bottom of the bridge.
After the Yang Soul of the Celestial Palace disciple had been pierced, he had been crying out for help. His voice was particularly loud in this quiet space, but the moment the Celestial Palace disciple sank into the darkness, his voice came to a screeching halt, leaving only the sound of the wooden bridge constantly swaying. Just now, Luo Zheng's leap had almost broken the decaying wooden bridge.
"It's really a monster from the Nirvana Realm …"
"Jiang Xing has been dragged away!"
"What kind of existence is that?!"
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace came to their senses, and the fear on their faces became more and more intense.
"The key is that the monster should be below us," Chou Xinghe said with a frown.
The light above the bridge could not shine below the bridge, and they knew nothing about the Dark Domain. There was no way they could get rid of it!
"Huo Ze, do you know what that is?" Luo Zheng asked.
There were a few people from Jiuli in this group, so they knew a little about this place.
Huo Ze also shook his head. "I only know the clues of passing through the Temple of Heaven, but I know very little about the Dark Domain."
The people of Jiuli did not expect such a crisis to appear on the bridge.
"Maybe that monster will be full after eating a Yang Soul, and will no longer catch us?" Lan Qing suddenly said from the side.
"Xiao Qing!" Huo Ze's face sank. "Don't talk nonsense."
Luo Zheng said, "Xiao Qing is right. We can't be sure of the monster's purpose now, but the biggest possibility is that it wants to swallow you."
Luo Zheng himself was not a Yang Soul, so he naturally did not count. However, he was not sure how strong this monster was, and whether it could swallow his physical body.
"If it is satisfied after eating a Yang Soul, that would be the best situation. I'm just afraid that it will continue to follow us …" Chou Xinghe said from behind.
When Chou Xinghe said this, everyone suddenly felt a chill on their backs. The disciples of the Heavenly Palace even released their Divine Senses, for fear of seeing that tail rise from the darkness again.
Worried and sick at heart, everyone set off once again.
Now, the formation of the formation had changed. The people of Jiuli and Chou Xinghe were in the front, while Luo Zheng was in the middle of the group. This way, no matter if they were attacked from the front or the back, he would be the first to take action.
Everyone walked along the wooden bridge for a distance, and they did not hear the "Da Da" sound again. The stone in their hearts also fell to the ground. Maybe Xiao Qing was right, and that monster was full after swallowing a Yang Soul?
But just as everyone was feeling a little relieved, a burst of dense sounds suddenly came from behind!
"Da Da Da …"
It was as if there were hundreds of monsters running under the wooden bridge!
Whether it was Feng Ge or Huo Ze, everyone stopped at the first moment. Their faces turned pale, and their Yang Souls were faintly trembling.
"Da Da Da Da Da …"
The sounds came from afar, and in at most two or three breaths, they would reach their feet. The deck of the wooden bridge trembled slightly because of their footsteps.
They could not fight against a single monster in the darkness, let alone hundreds of them. Everyone looked as if they were resigned to their fate. Luo Zheng clenched his fists and thought of countermeasures.
"Da Da Da …"
The sounds under the bridge had completely overlapped with them. Those monsters were running under their feet, and at the same time, they were running away at an extremely fast speed.
Chou Xinghe heard the distant "Da Da" sounds, and his face was full of surprise. "The target of these things doesn't seem to be us …"
"Indeed, it's not us. They're just running away. We have to run too …" Luo Zheng said as he pointed to the back.
Not far behind them, a thick red python was constantly twisting and moving around the small wooden bridge. Sometimes it sank into the darkness, and sometimes it circled the bridge. In front of this python, there were several monsters that were not human, and were not monkeys. They were running and jumping wildly.
Their tails were barbed, exactly the same as the ones that pulled the disciples of the Heavenly Palace into the darkness. Obviously, they were the monsters lurking under the bridge.
"Hua!"
Although these monkey monsters were extremely agile, it was still difficult for them to escape the pursuit of the red python. Every time the red python raised its head and bit, a monkey monster would be swallowed into the python's stomach.
After the red python swallowed these monkey monsters one by one, it raised its head again. Its huge snake tongue flicked gently, and soon found Luo Zheng and the others. "Hiss …"
Without any pause, the red python began to crawl around the wooden bridge at high speed, rushing straight towards them.
"Go!
At this time, other than running away, they could not think of anything else.
However, the explosive power of the Yang Soul was ultimately limited. In terms of speed, it was definitely far inferior to the physical body.
Luo Zheng looked at the Yang Souls running in front of him with all their might. He was also anxious. In a few breaths of time, the red python would catch up.

Chapter 2933
Crossing the Bridge
To Luo Zheng, the weight of the Sun Soul was as light as a feather.
Whether it was the people of Jiuli or the Heavenly Palace, they all understood that there was no other choice. Plus, they were originally in two groups.
Therefore, the people behind grabbed the people in front and connected them together.
With a leap, Luo Zheng arrived in front of the group and grabbed Huo Ze and Lan Qing's hands at the same time.
"Whoosh!"
The two of them only felt an iron hoop around their arms. Under the powerful pull, their entire Sun Soul actually floated!
"Hold on tight!"
Luo Zheng warned, and the power under his feet suddenly erupted.
Previously, he was afraid that the wooden bridge would not be able to withstand it, so he restrained his footsteps. Now that he saw that such a thick red python could pass on this small wooden bridge, this wooden bridge was not as weak as he had imagined.
With this step, Luo Zheng's position began to sink rapidly. The wooden bridge was like a taut bowstring that did not break!
"Whoosh!"
As Luo Zheng's entire body was "bounced" out by the wooden bridge, the string of Sun Souls he was holding also flew up, as if he was flying a kite.
"So fast!"
"Where are we!"
"We won't fall into the dark domain, right?"
Everyone only felt that the sky and earth were spinning, and they could not tell where they were at all. They only felt the wind constantly blowing past them.
"Creak …"
After Luo Zheng fell from the sky, he accurately landed on the small wooden bridge and rushed forward again.
The red python at the back clearly did not expect these guys in front to be so fast. The red scales on the surface of the huge snake's body suddenly bloomed. These scales were like a chicken's comb, embedded on the snake's head.
When the red python unfolded these scales, its crawling speed also increased dramatically. Its huge body constantly twisted on the small wooden bridge, quickly closing the distance between Luo Zheng and the group.
"Whoosh …"
Because Luo Zheng's speed was extremely fast, the few disciples of the Heavenly Palace at the back were floating at a height of four to five feet under the impact of the airflow.
Previously, they had clenched their teeth and grabbed each other, screaming all the way. Now that they had calmed down a little, the red python's speed was much faster than before, and they immediately fell into despair.
"Your Excellency Tianhang! That thing is coming! "
"It's only about thirty meters away from us!"
"Are we going to be eaten …"
These disciples of the Heavenly Palace were at the end of the line. If the giant red python wanted to swallow them, they would be the first to bear the brunt.
Luo Zheng could feel the violent breath of the red python without looking back. Unfortunately, he could not fly in the Nirvana Realm.
He didn't say a word, but his footsteps were already extremely fast, making rhythmic footsteps on the bridge.
Even though he had tried his best, he still couldn't escape from the red python.
Every time this red python raised its head, relying on its cockscomb-like scales, more than half of its body flew into the air. Its huge snake mouth was opened to an incredible angle, and it was about to bite the last few disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
"Everyone, hold on tight!" Luo Zheng roared.
These Yang souls twisted each other into a rope, and Luo Zheng suddenly pulled forward.
The last two people could already clearly see the huge snake's mouth.
Just as they were in despair, their Yang souls suddenly pulled forward a distance, forcibly avoiding the red python's bite.
"Wah!"
The red python didn't expect to miss at all. It let out a deafening roar, once again spreading its scales and flying straight towards Luo Zheng and the others.
"This speed … we can't outrun it at all …"
The python's full speed was actually several times faster than Luo Zheng's!
"Wah!"
The red python stretched out its neck in the air, and the entire snake shot over like a thick bolt of lightning.
This time, Luo Zheng had no chance to pull back those Yang souls. The Yang souls of the four disciples of the Heavenly Palace were directly swallowed by it!
In a panic, many of them also slipped out of their hands and fell back onto the bridge. Chou Xue almost fell off the bridge, and only managed to flip back by grabbing onto the side of the wooden bridge.
In this way, they had no chance of escaping at all.
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace were so scared that their limbs went limp, and they kept moving on the bridge. Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, and the people of the Jiuli tribe retreated while looking at the python nervously.
It wasn't that they didn't want to resist, but the creatures of the Nirvana Realm were originally stronger than Yang souls, not to mention that this python was a creature of the dark domain. This thing was definitely not something they could fight head-on.
"Wah …"
The python opened its bloody mouth again and pounced towards the people on the bridge.
Many Yang souls retreated completely by instinct, even though they knew in their hearts that they probably couldn't avoid it at all …
"All of you, retreat!"
Luo Zheng roared, and at this moment, his body expanded explosively, turning into a hundred feet tall. He grabbed the red python's head with one hand and suddenly pulled!
After activating the Rage God's body, although it didn't increase his strength by much, his huge body still made it easy for Luo Zheng to use it!
The red python clearly didn't expect Luo Zheng to use this move. Its huge body was directly dragged out by Luo Zheng, and along with Luo Zheng, it was thrown outside.
"Whoosh!"
The red python had already fallen into the darkness, and there was no more sound …
This was the first time Chou Xinghe and the others had seen Luo Zheng's body enlarge. Seeing Luo Zheng's size, they were stunned for a while before they reacted.
"His Excellency Tianhang actually threw that red python down …"
"I thought we were dead for sure!"
"Unfortunately, another six disciples of the Heavenly Palace were swallowed just now!"
Everyone also rejoiced that they had survived a disaster. Just now, Luo Zheng had been a little late, and these people would have probably all suffered.
"I don't know how deep this wooden bridge is. Since that python came from the dark domain, it probably won't die when it returns to the dark domain. It's better for us to quickly cross the wooden bridge," Luo Zheng said.
When they heard Luo Zheng's warning, their expressions changed slightly.
Not long after entering the dark domain and walking on the wooden bridge, they had already encountered two creatures of the dark domain, and each was fiercer than the other.
If it weren't for Luo Zheng holding the fort, even Huo Ze and the others would probably have retreated. They were not afraid of risks, but it would be too stupid to take a risk of certain death.
"Then let's speed up!"
The group didn't stop at all, and quickly crossed the wooden bridge.
Perhaps it was because of the giant python, but the escaping monkeys and humans didn't see a single one, and the second half of the journey was extremely smooth.
After crossing the wooden bridge for an hour, Luo Zheng finally saw the end of the wooden bridge!
At the end of the wooden bridge, there was still a dim yellow light reflecting a path …
The path extended up to a fork in the road, and there was a lit candle in front of each of the three wooden houses.

Chapter 2934
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
A strange fork in the road.
The sudden appearance of the three wooden houses in the Tenebrous Domain attracted the attention of many large clans in the Mother World.
Everyone had different guesses about the three wooden houses. And now, the wooden houses were right in front of them.
The disciples of Jiuli and Heavenly Palace were excited.
Due to the previous series of dangers, these people did not rush forward. Instead, they looked at Luo Zheng.
Now, Luo Zheng was their backer. Everything was under his control.
"Everyone, follow me," Luo Zheng said as he walked down the wooden bridge.
There was limited space to move around at the end of the bridge. The candles hanging in front of the wooden houses illuminated the fork in the road under the bridge.
In other words, they had no other place to go except to explore the wooden houses.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He stepped on the fork in the road along the wooden bridge and walked toward the nearest wooden house.
From the outside, the wooden house was very ordinary. If it was not in the Tenebrous Domain, most people would not take a second look at it.
When he reached the front of the wooden house, Luo Zheng reached out and gently knocked on the wooden door.
"Dong, dong, dong …"
There was no response from the wooden house.
"This wooden house should be uninhabited. Who knows what kind of creature lives on the other side?" Feng Ge said.
Chou Xue nodded. "Break the door!"
No matter what kind of creature it was, it was probably an existence that they could not understand.
Luo Zheng had a taboo in his heart. However, it was not easy to come to the Tenebrous Domain. He could not just turn around and leave after knocking a few times, right?
Then Luo Zheng reached out and covered the door of the wooden house. Under the gentle operation of his power, the wooden door was directly pushed into the house by Luo Zheng.
"Wow! So beautiful! "
The light emitted from the wooden house made Lan Qing, who was behind them, cry out.
Feng Ge and Ling Shuang also stared at the wooden house. It was as if they could not take their eyes off it.
On the display shelf against the wall of the wooden house, there were pieces of strangely shaped crystals. These crystals each emitted different lights and were dazzling.
Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed one of the crystals. He quietly felt it and found that these crystals did not have the power of the Nirvana Realm. That was to say, this thing was not a Nirvana Realm Token …
Although things that did not contain energy in the Nirvana Realm were generally good things, Luo Zheng's purpose of this trip was to find a Nirvana Realm Token that was suitable for himself. Naturally, he was not interested.
On the other hand, Feng Ge and Ling Shuang picked up the crystals and examined them carefully.
"I don't know what these crystals are for? There seems to be no energy fluctuation … "
"No matter what it is, it Nirvana Realm Nirvana Token.
"I Can Nirvana Realm Token?"
Several Heavenly Palace disciples and Jiuli Jiu: Is Can Nirvana Realm Token Jiu?
Luo Zheng walked away from the display rack and saw a bunch of white threads hanging in the corner of the wooden house. These thin threads had been woven together to form a white core.
"Do you know what this is?" 9527's voice rang out.
"The wick of a candle?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, these crystals are unique wax ores in the Dark Realm. I just realized that this wooden house should be used to make candles …" 9527's voice became serious. It thought of something.
Ever since Luo Zheng crossed the Sea of True Meaning, the number of whirlpools in the Sea of True Meaning had been increasing.
Candles were very precious in the Dark Realm. Most of the candles needed to be sent from the Desire Realm to the Color Realm. 9527 did not expect that they would be made directly in the Thirteenth Heaven!
"What will happen?" Luo Zheng heard that 9527's words were a little unnatural.
"Didn't you find anything strange when you crossed the wooden bridge? In any Dark Realm, there are demons and ghosts gathered, but this area is so quiet. It's abnormal. I guess those monkeys and red pythons don't dare to come close. "9527 continued," Even the creatures in the Dark Realm need candles … "
Candles had always been an extremely scarce resource in the Dark Realm. The person who built the wooden house was so extravagant. Using candles to light up such a long wooden bridge was beyond the imagination of ordinary people. How powerful was the owner of the wooden house?
"Then you mean …" Luo Zheng asked.
"Leave here quickly. Some of the strong people in the Dark Realm, let alone you … even if I encounter them, it will be very troublesome," 9527 explained.
"Troublesome even if I encounter them?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
In his eyes, the Ancient God of Chaos was an existence above everything. A mere Dark Realm should not be a problem.
"Of course," 9527 replied, "Whether it is the Dark Realm or the Nirvana Realm, they are actually out of the control of the rules of truth. Some creatures lurking in the Dark Realm have also mastered the power of the Way of Truth. In their era, they were also called the Ancient God of Chaos."
Such a powerful existence, of course, would not appear in the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven.
But if the owner of the wooden house really came back, Luo Zheng would not be able to compete with him.
"Put down those crystals, and let's leave here," Luo Zheng suddenly said seriously.
There were a lot of crystals on the display shelf. These things did not contain the power of the Nirvana Realm. They were rare things. Even Feng Ge and Ling Shuang took a lot of them, let alone the others.
"Why should we put them back?"
"I don't think anyone will come to this wooden house …"
"How can we put back the things we have taken?"
No matter if it was the disciples of the Heavenly Palace or the people of the Jiuli Tribe, they were not happy. They spent so much effort to come to this wooden house. Not only did they not find any special Nirvana Realm tokens, but they were also not allowed to take away these crystals. This trip was a big loss.
Seeing everyone's reluctance, Luo Zheng could only shake his head and say, "Then let's leave now. Follow the wooden bridge and go back the same way we came!"
Luo Zheng had been to many dangerous places.
After wandering for so long, Luo Zheng was also very experienced.
It was only meaningful to live in these places. Otherwise, no matter how good the things you got, it was really not worth it to lose your life for it.
This time, they finally reached the destination and did not get any benefits. Luo Zheng did not feel the slightest fluctuation in his heart. He only hoped that the owners of these three wooden houses would not come back at this time.
Under Luo Zheng's urging, everyone seemed to be aware of the urgency. They followed Luo Zheng out of the wooden house and walked down the fork road.
This fork road was not far from the wooden bridge. It was only thirty or forty steps away.
But just as they walked to the fork point, everyone, including Luo Zheng, found themselves back at the door of the wooden house!
"What's going on …" Chou Xizhi frowned.
The others looked at each other and also had a confused look.
"Let's keep going!"
Luo Zheng frowned. The current situation was really as 9527 had said. The creatures who dared to make candles here were not ordinary people.

Chapter 2935
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Fear!
This situation had happened twice in a row, so it was definitely not an illusion.
The people of the Jiuli tribe and the disciples of the Heavenly Palace all looked panicked.
"Is it an illusory matrix?" Ling Shuang guessed in a low voice.
Huo Ze shook his head. "Impossible. If it was an illusory matrix, there would be energy fluctuations. It would be impossible for it not to be detected."
The soul was not without its advantages in the Nirvana Realm. For example, it was more sensitive to energy than the body. No matter how exquisite the design of the illusory matrix was, there would be energy fluctuations. However, no one present could detect it, so this speculation was immediately denied.
"Then why can't we leave?" Feng Ge asked.
Chou Xue shook his head and said, "Maybe this illusory matrix is very clever and set up in the dark?"
When Chou Xue said this, everyone's expression became more serious.
The Dark Domain isolated almost everything, whether it was light, sound, or energy. In front of them, except for the front of the wooden house and the fork in the road that was illuminated by the candles, everything else was dark.
If the illusory matrix was set up in the dark, they would not be able to detect it.
"Let me try again …"
Feng Ge said as she walked down the fork in the road again. However, when she reached the fork in the road, she flashed back to the door of the wooden house again.
"This place can only be entered but not exited. I'm afraid it's a dead end," Feng Ge said.
Luo Zheng frowned and suddenly thought of the crystals.
As 9527 said, the candles were so precious in the Dark Domain that it was impossible to not have any precautions. It would not be so easy to take the crystals away.
"Return all the crystals," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
Earlier, Luo Zheng had suggested returning the crystals. After all, 9527 had said that the creatures in the Dark Domain that could make candles were not ordinary. However, no one was willing to do so, so Luo Zheng did not force them.
Now that they could not leave, their mentality was naturally different.
When they wanted to save their lives, everything they had was unnecessary, let alone these crystals of unknown use.
Therefore, they took turns to return to the hut and took out the crystal stones from the sumeru ring and returned them to the display shelf. After all the crystal stones were returned, everyone left the wooden door again and stepped onto the fork in the road.
Huo Ze walked at the front and was the first to turn into the fork.
Luo Zheng and the others breathed heavily at this moment. They stared at Huo Ze's movements. If he disappeared in front of the wooden door again, they would be in big trouble. They would be trapped here forever!
"I'm coming …" Huo Ze waved his hands, and there was a hint of joy in his voice.
Everyone's hearts were immediately put at ease.
"Let's go! We shouldn't stay here for too long, "Luo Zheng said. What he worried most was that the owner of the cabin would come back.
Since there was such an inhibition here, it meant that the owner of the wooden house was not hospitable. The people of the Jiuli Tribe and the disciples of the Heavenly Palace were also well aware of this. They all went down the branch road and prepared to return to the wooden bridge.
Just as Huo Ze was the first to step onto the wooden bridge, he suddenly felt that something was wrong. His entire body suddenly bounced backwards and even knocked down two Jiuli tribesmen onto the ground!
"Hua!"
A huge red snake head suddenly appeared and bit the top of the wooden bridge.
Fortunately, Huo Ze reacted quickly. Otherwise, he would have been swallowed by now!
The Red Python was accidentally thrown off the wooden bridge by Luo Zheng. Although the bottom of the wooden bridge was very deep, the Red Python would not fall to its death.
It climbed all the way up along the mountain wall below and had been hiding in the darkness all this time.
It had been lurking for so long just to wait for Luo Zheng and the others to come out. It did not expect Huo Ze's perception to be so sharp that he could avoid its fatal attack.
The others were also startled when they saw the Red Python suddenly rush out.
This thing was really haunting them. It had been guarding here all this time!
The people of the Jiuli Tribe and the disciples of the Heavenly Palace all desperately retreated and went straight to the fork road.
The Red Python also crossed the wooden bridge and stretched out its long snake head to bite the last two Jiuli tribesmen!
Just now, in order to avoid the Red Python, Huo Ze directly knocked down the last two Jiuli tribesmen. The two Jiuli tribesmen naturally retreated slower. When they were about to fall into the snake's mouth, a black shadow suddenly fell from the sky!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng jumped up from the back and stimulated the power of the Rage God at the same time.
His body, which contained the power of hundreds of Godly Jun, was still enough to make the Red Python suffer. The snake's mouth, which was originally open, was forcibly closed by Luo Zheng's feet.
"Go! I can't hold on for long! "Luo Zheng said to the two Jiuli tribesmen.
Luo Zheng had fought with the Red Python on the wooden bridge. Although Luo Zheng threw it off the wooden bridge when it was unprepared, the strength of the Red Python was actually higher than Luo Zheng's.
"Swoosh!"
How could the Red Python let Luo Zheng step on its head?
Its tail was raised high. After winding around the wooden bridge, it suddenly turned into a thick whip and directly lashed at Luo Zheng.
When the disciples of the Heavenly Palace and the Jiuli tribesmen retreated, they felt the power contained in the snake's tail. Their faces were extremely ugly.
The power contained in the tail probably reached the power of thousands of Godly Jun. Not to mention in the Nirvana Realm, even if they were in the Mother World, they would probably be smashed into pieces by the power of thousands of Godly Jun!
How could Luo Zheng dare to face the Red Python's tail?
He somersaulted backward and narrowly avoided the whip of the snake's tail. However, the Red Python's reaction was also fast. After the snake's tail circled a small half circle in the air, it continued to lash at Luo Zheng again!
"Swoosh!"
Luo Zheng's huge body was still in the air and he couldn't move to dodge the attack.
Seeing that he was about to be hit by the snake's tail, Luo Zheng quickly released the power of the Rage God. His huge body quickly shrunk and he just happened to avoid the sweep of the snake's tail!
"Puff!"
Luo Zheng, who had landed on the ground, also retreated quickly into the fork in the road.
The Red Python had been waiting under the wooden bridge for so long, but it didn't swallow anyone. It was very angry and simply left the wooden bridge and went straight to Luo Zheng and the others.
Luo Zheng and the others had nowhere to hide. They climbed all the way up and ran toward the wooden house again.
But at this moment, a strange scene appeared.
When the Red Python crawled all the way to the fork in the road, it stopped abruptly. Its huge snake head only dared to move left and right at the fork, and it didn't dare to climb up one more step!
"Woo …"
In the sound of the Red Python, there was even a trace of fear hidden in it. Its whole body began to retreat gently.
"This Red Python doesn't dare to come up!"
"It's actually scared! Haha! "
"…"
Seeing this scene, several disciples of the Heavenly Palace stood on the fork in the road above and laughed at it.
They were chased by this thing all the way and almost lost their lives several times. Of course, they were happy to see this scene.

Chapter 2936
Twin Blue Star
The wooden bridge was the only way out of this damned place. The giant serpent had been blocking the crossroads, so they really couldn't do anything.
When the disciples of the Heavenly Palace heard this, they suddenly stopped talking …
"What should we do now?" Lan Qing asked in a low voice.
"What else can we do? We can only resign ourselves to fate, "a Jiu Li tribesman shook his head and said.
Not to mention that the red python was blocking the fork in the road, even if the python retreated into the darkness, they wouldn't dare to get on the wooden bridge. Who knew when the python would return to the wooden bridge? The journey back was so long that the probability of returning safely was too small.
Ling Shuang stood beside Luo Zheng. Her face was not as gloomy as other people. As long as Luo Zheng was safe and with her, no matter how many monsters there were in this world, there seemed to be nothing to be afraid of.
"Should I lead it away?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ling Shuang shook her head immediately, "You are not the opponent of this giant serpent. Besides, even if you can lead it away, how far can you lead it away? You can't go into the darkness, right? If the giant serpent comes back, we will all die. "
"I can lead it into the dark realm," Luo Zheng said.
"I know," Ling Shuang nodded. The candles that were fished out from the bottom of the Sea of Truth were still in Ling Shuang's hands. She probably already knew how to use these candles, "But on the one hand, you can't outrun the giant serpent, and on the other hand, there are still many dangers in the dark realm. The result should be the same …"
Of course, she didn't want Luo Zheng to sacrifice himself for no reason …
Faced with the giant serpent that refused to leave, everybody was thinking quickly. Some of them even tried to chant the Disillusionment Spell, but it was impossible to leave this place easily with the Disillusionment Spell since they were already here!
"Woo …"
The red giant serpent was still lying on the ground. When it opened its mouth, the snake's tongue was sticking out. The sound it made was particularly strange. It didn't sound like a snake, but it also didn't sound like a chicken.
"Dumb insect, get back to where you came from!"
"…"
"…"
In the end, those disciples of the Heavenly Palace actually wanted to use words to drive the giant serpent away.
Of course, such a method had no effect. The red python was still lying on the ground, motionless and looking lazy.
This was its natural instinct to lure its prey. After all, the Dark Realm also believed in a set of cruel rules. It had to rack its brains to catch prey. However, it did not realize that these humans were much smarter than it. How would they dare to rush down from the fork in the road?
Time slowly passed …
Huo Ze walked back and forth on the fork in the road, while Chou Xinghe followed the wooden house to search for some clues, but in the end, he found nothing. He could only move within the range of light, which was too limited.
One hour later …
Luo Zheng suddenly felt a violent vibration under his feet.
Boom!
The vibrations spread out in waves, constantly reverberating in the dark domain.
Luo Zheng and the Sun Souls could not sense the energy fluctuations from the dark apparition. Therefore, when they felt the vibration, it should have been some time ago …
Not only Luo Zheng, but even the red python that was crawling on the ground and guarding everyone suddenly raised its head. Its pair of snake eyes were full of vigilance.
Out of its instinctive reaction, it chose to hide at the first moment. Its body slithered on the ground for a while, and then swam toward the darkness under the wooden bridge …
"What on earth is causing the vibration? It actually scared the red python away! "
"It can't be a more powerful existence approaching, right?"
"There is nothing more terrifying than the giant serpent in the dark domain, definitely not!"
Just as they were discussing, a loud boom sounded again. This time, the accompanying vibration was even more violent.
At the same time, there seemed to be a behemoth waving past in the darkness. When the behemoth swept across the wooden bridge, everyone vaguely recognized a shadow. It was actually a giant hairy hand!
"Oh my god!"
"What kind of hand is that!"
"It's over …"
A red python was already so terrifying. The body of the giant hand was probably thousands of times larger than the red python. Everyone's heart kept sinking.
When the giant red hand swept to the bottom of the wooden bridge, it was completely hidden in the darkness.
About two breaths of time later, Luo Zheng and others felt two more smaller vibrations under their feet. Then they saw the giant hand emerge from the darkness. This time, it was holding a worm with two fingers!
No, it was the red python!
But in contrast, it really looked like a long worm.
The giant hand brought it into the darkness, and two blue lights flickered in the darkness. With the help of these two blue lights, everyone was able to clearly see the giant face. It was the face of a giant ape.
"It's the Gemini Blue Star of the dark domain!"
"So that's how it is. The Gemini Blue Star is actually … actually … the eyes of a giant ape?"
"Such a terrifying existence has been staying in the 13th Layer of Heaven all this time?"
Generally speaking, when people mentioned the dark domain, they regarded it as the existence of absolute darkness. Once it was sucked in, it was impossible to return.
However, the dark domain was not always like this. For a long time, there would always be some strange lights shining.
For example, once the candles in the three wooden houses were lit, it immediately attracted the attention of countless creatures.
In addition, the most famous one should be the Gemini Blue Star of the dark domain!
The location of the Gemini Blue Star was not fixed. Sometimes it would be close to the entrance of the 13th Layer of Heaven, sometimes in the middle, and sometimes at the end. However, the Gemini Blue Star only appeared in the dark domain in the south of the 13th Layer of Heaven. It had never been seen in the dark domain in the north.
The appearance of the Gemini Blue Star was often accompanied by violent vibrations, which was the legendary Nirvana Earthquake.
Because earthquakes and the Gemini Blue Star often appeared at the same time, almost all the races regarded the Gemini Blue Star as the precursor of an earthquake. Every observation was so accurate, which made the wise people who did not know the truth very confused.
Now, this confusion was solved …
At this distance, they could finally see it clearly.
What kind of star was this? It was the eyes of a giant ape!
The giant ape's body was too large. Of course, every time it appeared, it would be accompanied by strong vibrations.
However, everyone was confused because they had solved this ten-thousand-year-old mystery. Luo Zheng was able to resist the red python once or twice, but in the face of this giant ape, he was afraid that he would not be able to resist.
The previously arrogant red python had been sent into the mouth of the giant ape, where it was constantly chewed.
Because of the darkness, they could not hear the chewing sound, but the red python was chewed into pieces in the blink of an eye, which filled everyone's hearts with fear.
Some people began to regret.

Chapter 2937
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
The Three-eyed Boy
After the giant ape swallowed the red python, its huge eyes closed.
As soon as it closed its eyes, its face naturally disappeared into the darkness.
Luo Zheng and the others were unable to detect everything that had happened in the hidden domain. Was this giant ape reaching out its giant hand towards them? Or was it going to slap them into powder?
Ling Shuang involuntarily grabbed Luo Zheng's hand tightly. Feng Ge also pursed his lips.
Just as everyone looked up, within the range of the light source, that hairy giant hand appeared again!
When everyone saw that hand, the pressure in their hearts grew even stronger. Some disciples of the Heavenly Palace and the Jiuli tribesmen's legs trembled, as if they could not hold on any longer.
Even Luo Zheng felt an intense pressure when facing this giant hand.
This giant hand did not directly slap down as they had imagined. Instead, it clenched its fist and slowly lowered it, as if it was holding something in its palm.
As it gently opened its palm, a child of seven or eight years old appeared in its palm!
The child's appearance, height, and size were not much different from that of a normal human. The only difference was the eyeball on its forehead!
The third eye …
Luo Zheng looked at the child's third eye and pondered in his heart.
This child was not completely unharmed. His shoulder and the left side of his face had been scratched to a pulp. However, he did not seem to care about his injuries at all.
The Three-eyed Boy shook his head and said, "I just happened to be fighting with those black monkeys. I didn't expect to catch fish at this time … It's disappointing."
"Fishing?"
Luo Zheng and Chou Xinghe were both shocked.
Now, it seemed that these three lit wooden houses were a trap no matter how they looked at it.
A wooden bridge had been built, and there were three wooden houses. Along the way, there was light shining on them …
Some things were extremely clear when they were speculated in reverse, but when they experienced it, they were completely confused. After all, they knew nothing about the hidden domain. Who would know what these things were?
"This … friend, what do you mean by fish?" Huo Ze cupped his hands and asked respectfully.
Such a powerful giant ape was under the Three-eyed Boy's control. How could Huo Ze dare to fight him like a child?
"It's you guys!"
The three-eyed boy leapt out from the huge palm and sniffed the many Yang souls one by one.
"Weak, weak, weak, weak, weak, weak …"
"You're all too weak …"
In the eyes of the three-eyed boy, these yang souls were as weak as ants. Even the ants of the tenebrous domain were a hundred times stronger than these yang souls!
"But at least you still have a physical body." The three-eyed boy turned and stared at Luo Zheng. There was a strange expression on his young face. "I don't know how you entered the other side, but since you're here, stay here. The other Yang souls can all die."
A single sentence from the three-eyed boy had sentenced all the Yang Souls present to death. The expressions of Ling Shuang, Feng Ge, Huo Ze, and Chou Xun immediately changed drastically.
They reflexively took a step back, while the aura of their Yang Souls surged.
Although they knew that it was impossible for them to be a match for the three-eyed boy, these people would definitely not sit still and wait for death. Huo Ze and the others once again summoned the virtual image of three heads and six arms, while streaks of golden flames appeared on the surface of Feng Ge's soul. The Soul Oracle Necklace on Ling Shuang's chest also erupted with extraordinary fluctuations.
"Whoosh!"
"Huala!"
"Whoosh!"
Everyone's combined attack could be considered frightening.
Within the Thirteen Heavens, apart from Luo Zheng's physical body, there was probably no other living being that dared to take this attack head-on.
However, these methods could not enter the three-eyed boy's eyes at all. Strands of green light flashed from his third eye. These strands of light formed a green ring and absorbed these soul abilities. Afterward, the abilities that had been activated with powerful soul force vanished completely.
Just as the three-eyed boy dispelled these people's combined attack, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and charged towards the boy.
The three-eyed boy's head tilted, and a contemptuous smile appeared on his face.
He gently reached out with one hand and grabbed Luo Zheng's right hand. He suddenly raised his hand and directly smashed Luo Zheng into the ground!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng, who was almost invincible in the Paramita Realm, could not even retaliate in front of the three-eyed boy!
After the three-eyed boy stabbed Luo Zheng into the ground, the eye on his forehead once again released a streak of green light. This green light seemed to have grown eyes as it shot forward. "Pfff, pfff, pfff, pfff, pfff …"
This streak of green light directly pierced through those people's chests, stringing them together.
Everyone who was pierced by the green light felt that their souls were no longer under control. They all looked at the three-eyed boy in horror.
However, Feng Ge was the only Yang soul that was missing.
"Your soul fire is still somewhat useful, so your life can be spared just like his," the three-eyed boy said coldly. "As for the rest of you, you can all go and die …"
Just as the three-eyed boy was about to destroy that string of Yang souls, Luo Zheng's roar could be heard. "Stop!"
The three-eyed boy turned his head and glanced at Luo Zheng. A trace of puzzlement and mockery appeared on his young face. "What right do you have to ask me to stop?"
After he finished speaking, the third eye on his forehead flickered with green light. The Yang soul of a Jiuli tribesman at the side immediately began to shrink and was directly sucked into the green light …
"Ah Qi!"
"Brother Qi!"
Huo Ze, Lan Qing, and the others saw their tribesmen fall and were naturally extremely sad. However, they did not have any means to resist. They were pierced by the green light and allowed to be slaughtered by the three-eyed boy.
"Since Feng Ge and I are fish, then we will definitely be useful to you! No matter what you want to do, she and I will serve you. However, you can't kill these people! "Luo Zheng said hurriedly.
"Even if I kill them, you still have to serve me." The three-eyed boy shrugged his shoulders. Another person's Yang soul quickly shrank into a ball and was sucked into the green light. It was a disciple of the Heavenly Palace.
"If you kill again, Feng Ge and I would rather die than do as you wish," Luo Zheng said resolutely as he looked at Ling Shuang, who was not too far away.
Ling Shuang also stared blankly at Luo Zheng. When she heard these words, she suddenly felt a trace of emotion in her heart.
If the three-eyed boy sucked away another Yang soul, she would be next. However, she did not feel much fear in her heart. Instead, she softly said, "Luo Zheng …"
Feng Ge did not want to sacrifice his own life for these people. However, when he heard Tian Xing's tone, he could not refute. At this moment, he suddenly heard Ling Shuang's soft murmur and was slightly stunned.
"Luo Zheng?"
Feng Ge stared suspiciously at Luo Zheng's physical body.
The three-eyed boy did not care about the life or death of these Yang souls. However, he had gone through so much trouble to set this up. He had also waited for a long time. Who knew when the next batch of living beings would break into the Temple of Heaven? Furthermore, this physical body was even harder to come by.

Chapter 2938
Hint
Although the Three-eyed Boy's hesitation was only for a moment, Luo Zheng still clearly caught it.
This guy had racked his brains to set up this wooden bridge. There must be a reason for the three wooden houses. He definitely didn't want to work for nothing.
"If you let them go, Feng Ge and I will serve you to the death! We won't complain! And I guarantee that they won't tell anyone what they saw here … "Luo Zheng said sincerely.
Ling Shuang stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
After being in the Paramita Realm for so long, she had never seen anything that Luo Zheng couldn't solve. He was like an indomitable warrior. Anything that stood in his way would be destroyed by him. Ling Shuang had never expected him to compromise like this when he encountered an existence he couldn't fight against.
The Three-eyed Boy thought for a moment and sneered, "It doesn't matter if you tell anyone, as long as the two of you are willing to stay here!"
With that, the Three-eyed Boy's third eye on his forehead suddenly closed. The green light that had pierced all the Yang souls into a string also disappeared. Everyone felt their Yang souls loosen up. The feeling of being controlled disappeared without a trace.
"Scram!" The Three-eyed Boy pointed at the wooden bridge.
With him and the Giant Ape here, no one from the Dark Realm would dare to approach the wooden bridge. It should be very safe to return to the Temple of Heaven through the wooden bridge.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly said to Ling Shuang, "Ling Shuang, you and Feng Ge are sisters. I'm afraid it'll be difficult for you to meet again …"
When Feng Ge heard this, he was baffled. Who was her sister? She had no idea what Luo Zheng was planning.
However, Ling Shuang was still an intelligent person. She turned around and hugged Feng Ge. She said miserably, "Sister, I'll have to trouble you to stay here. If there's an opportunity to leave in the future, we'll meet again!"
As she spoke, her other hand grabbed Feng Ge's right hand and wrapped it around Feng Ge's back. At the same time, she activated her spatial ring.
Feng Ge wasn't an idiot. Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang both had hidden meanings behind their words. She sensed that Ling Shuang had activated her spatial ring. Perhaps she wanted to give her something, so she also activated her spatial ring.
The two Sumeru Spaces connected, and Ling Shuang directly stuffed the few candles into it.
At that time, the two of them had only spent the blink of an eye. Ling Shuang turned her head and pretended to be sad. She covered her face and followed Chou Xue and the others. This group of people rushed onto the wooden bridge and began their journey back.
Ling Shuang's series of actions were very skillful, and she managed to fool the Three-eyed Boy.
The Three-eyed Boy couldn't be bothered with those Sun Souls. He turned to Luo Zheng and Feng Ge and said, "Come with me!"
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge didn't dare to disobey. They followed behind the Three-eyed Boy and walked along the fork in the road.
He glanced at the first wooden house and said, "You've already been to this wooden house. Do you know what the things inside are used for?"
"It seems to be some kind of ore," Luo Zheng replied.
The Three-eyed Boy was satisfied with Luo Zheng's judgement. He nodded and extended his hand to produce a candle. With a gentle flick of his finger, a wisp of green flame ignited and the candle was lit.
"In the dark domain, candles are the most in demand," the Three-eyed Boy said calmly. "These ores are called Zhuo Crystals. They're the main material used to make candles. Your mission is to make candles there."
Feng Ge was stunned when he heard this strange mission. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was calm.
When 9527 had told him about the origin of those materials, Luo Zheng had already guessed that the Three-eyed Boy was probably just looking for someone to help him make candles. He asked, "You're so powerful. It's easy for you to make these candles. Why go through so much trouble to lure people here from the 13th Heaven?"
If the Sun Souls he lured here didn't meet his expectations, wouldn't they all be killed by him?
"The dark domain isn't as simple as you think. I still have to deal with those black monkeys. Besides, we can't stay under the light for too long …" At this point, there was a hint of yearning in the Three-eyed Boy's eyes.
He was indeed very powerful. All the creatures in the dark domain were powerful.
However, they had also paid a huge price, which was to be trapped in the darkness forever.
Many places on the other side were filled with light, but they could only look up in the darkness …
Occasionally, they could get a candle and bathe themselves in the light. However, this process couldn't last long. Even though the light of the candle was so gentle, it was still fatal to them if they stayed for too long.
Following this fork in the road, the Three-eyed Boy led Luo Zheng and Feng Ge to the tallest wooden house. This was also the largest wooden house.
"Whoosh!"
The Three-eyed Boy blew gently and extinguished the candle in his hand.
The light of this wooden house wasn't connected to the other two. If they didn't rely on the candlelight, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge naturally wouldn't be able to escape.
"Ka!"
With a wave of the Three-eyed Boy's hand, the door of the wooden house opened automatically. At the same time, he said, "Figure out how to make the candles yourselves. You need to see the finished product before I return. Otherwise, you'll have to bear the consequences."
The Three-eyed Boy felt that he was already merciful enough. In the past, he wouldn't have let those Sun Souls leave. If these two still weren't willing to work properly, he would be letting himself down. He had many ways to make these two suffer a fate worse than death.
Then, he turned around and leapt into the darkness. When he fell into the candlelight again, he had already landed firmly in the hands of the huge ape.
"Hum! Hum! "
Two more dots of blue light appeared in the darkness.
"Thump … Thump … Thump …"
Regardless of whether it was the dark domain, the wooden bridge, or the Temple of Heaven, they all trembled with the footsteps of the huge ape.
"He's gone!" Ling Shuang said excitedly as she leaned on the bridge. "I … I want to go back!"
When Chou Xinghe heard Ling Shuang's words, he shook his head and said, "Your Highness Ling Shuang, stop dreaming. It's already a great fortune for us to be able to keep our lives. If we turn back now, I'm afraid even His Excellency Tianhang will scold you for being stupid!"
Those Sun Souls wouldn't be able to detect any special restrictions set up by those Sun Souls in the dark domain. Going back would really be seeking their own deaths.
"But …" Ling Shuang was still somewhat unwilling.
"His Excellency Tianhang is blessed by the heavens. Perhaps he'll be able to get through this crisis," Huo Ze comforted from the side.
In the eyes of the Jiuli tribesmen, although they didn't gain much from this trip to the Temple of Heaven, they did gain something else. The expert who had been traveling in the Nirvana Realm with his physical body was actually from the royal family of the Jiuli tribe!
Huo Ze and the others were also very concerned about Luo Zheng's life and death. Once they returned from the Nirvana Realm, they would definitely report this matter to the elders of the tribe.

Chapter 2939
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Decoction
After the Three-eyed Boy left, Feng Ge suddenly changed her attitude and turned to look at Luo Zheng.
Feng Ge had another conjecture about the body in front of her!
When Lingshuang called out the name "Luo Zheng" under the threat of death, Feng Ge was naturally confused.
Luo Zheng had entered the Nirvana Realm with his body, used an alias, and changed his voice. In a situation where one could not recognize his face, it was basically impossible to recognize him.
However, after Lingshuang's reminder, when Feng Ge looked at this "Lord Tianhang" again, she thought of the image of Luo Zheng in her mind. The figure and silhouette of the two were eighty to ninety percent similar …
Although her suspicions were greatly increased, Feng Ge did not expose him in front of everyone.
She stood at the door of the wooden house and asked, "What do we do now?"
Luo Zheng shrugged and pointed inside the door. "What else can we do? We can only do as that guy said …"
"But Lingshuang just now …" Feng Ge raised her hand as she spoke.
Luo Zheng saw that Feng Ge was about to activate the Sumeru Ring and his expression suddenly changed.
Who knew if the Three-eyed Boy was hiding in the dark? If the candles were exposed, it would be even more troublesome.
"What did Lingshuang say to you?" Luo Zheng asked in return.
Feng Ge heard Luo Zheng's interruption and frowned. She did not know what Luo Zheng was up to, but Feng Ge was not good at lying. She pursed her lips and answered stiffly, "Nothing."
"Then let's go in and take a look," Luo Zheng said and walked into the wooden house.
This wooden house was much bigger than the two wooden houses below. The display shelves on both sides of the wooden house were filled with colorful flaming crystals. On the other side of the wooden house were containers of different lengths. These containers were naturally in the shape of candles.
Behind these utensils, there was a white cotton thread …
Feng Ge looked at these things in the wooden house and felt a headache coming on.
Was she really going to be the one to make the candles?
It was common to see luminous pearls as big as the houses in Taishi Palace. The craftsmen in the palace would carve luminous pearls into various shapes and decorate the corners of the palace.
As for candles, they were only things that mortals would use. They were probably very rare in the Taishi Palace.
"Are you really going to make candles for him?" Feng Ge asked.
"If you don't want to die, do as he says," Luo Zheng replied.
Feng Ge blinked and said, "But I saw that the candle he lit can illuminate the dark domain. If we make a candle, can't we escape with it?"
The third wooden house was separated from the fork by darkness. Without the help of candles, they could not leave the third wooden house.
Luo Zheng laughed at Feng Ge's naive assumption. He pointed to the door of the cabin and said, "Why bother? There is still a candle there. Can you try to pull it out?"
Feng Ge really did as Luo Zheng said.
She jumped up and grabbed the candle at the door of the wooden house, trying to pull it out.
But the moment she reached out her hand, the candle turned into a shadow ….
Feng Ge could feel the light and heat emitted by the candle, but she could not touch it.
"Even a fool knows to escape with the candle. That three-eyed boy is not that stupid." Luo Zheng shook his head. "I'm afraid the candle we make won't be able to be lit …"
Luo Zheng placed his hopes on the few candles he pulled up from the bottom of the sea. But how to light the candles and where to run after lighting them were all problems. But before solving these problems, he had to start making candles for the three-eyed boy.
Although Luo Zheng did not know the process of making candles, it was not difficult for him to do it.
Many mortals in the Inner World had tried all kinds of methods to obtain flames during the Wilderness Expansion Era.
The first candles were made from animal fat and live beeswax …
Although there was no beeswax or fat in the wooden house, 9527 and the three-eyed boy had said that the crystal called Burning Crystal was the raw material for making candles. Then the first step should be to boil these "Burning Crystals".
"Ka …"
Luo Zheng grabbed five or six pieces of "Burning Crystals" from the display rack and walked to the side of the wooden house.
There was a big pot on display, and beside the pot was a box of green powder.
Interestingly, neither the cauldron nor the powder contained any energy …
In the Nirvana Realm, everything had the power of shore up, even a handful of sand on the ground. These things that did not contain any power of shore up should have been collected in the Dark Domain. Seeing these strange things, Luo Zheng became more interested in the Dark Domain.
"Kuang kuang kuang …"
Luo Zheng threw all the "Burning Crystals" into the pot, then picked up the box of green powder and sprinkled it on the Burning Crystals. After that, he said to Feng Ge, "It's your turn."
"What should I do?" Feng Ge asked, puzzled.
"The three-eyed boy spared you because you know how to use the Soul Fire. Otherwise, he would have killed you already," Luo Zheng answered. "These Burning Crystals should be boiled with your Soul Fire, so you have to do it."
After hearing Luo Zheng's words, Feng Ge did not hesitate.
She walked to the big pot and gently raised her right hand. A golden whip rolled out from her right hand.
This golden whip was transformed from the Golden Crow Flame. Under Feng Ge's control, it turned into a faint golden flame that burned under the big pot.
Luo Zheng observed for a while. The Burning Crystals did not show any signs of melting quickly, but the green powder naturally melted into the Burning Crystals once it was heated. It should take time to boil these Burning Crystals.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, Feng Ge suddenly said, "The Soul Fire transformed from a talent like the Golden Crow Flame isn't very powerful."
Luo Zheng did not know why Feng Ge mentioned this. He smiled and said, "This Soul Fire is very powerful in the Nirvana Realm. Ye Shang's Soul Fire is far inferior to His Highness Feng Ge's."
"Oh, I've seen someone with a talent for Deviant Flame that is even more powerful than mine. If her Deviant Flame is used in the Nirvana Realm, its power is probably stronger than the Golden Crow Flame," Feng Ge said calmly.
"Oh? There's someone in the Mother World with a talent for Deviant Flame that is stronger than His Highness Feng Ge? "Luo Zheng asked curiously. The Golden Crow Flame was the strongest flame Luo Zheng had seen since he entered the Mother World.
"Of course." Feng Ge said with a smile, "My disciple's Deviant Flame is rare in the world. When Mother used a secret method to activate it, the Deviant Flame almost burned down the Taishi Palace. It was really powerful. She was also devoured by the Deviant Flame and almost …"
Luo Zheng had been staring intently at the Burning Crystal in the cauldron. The Burning Crystal was gradually showing signs of melting under the heat.
But when he thought of Feng Ge's disciple, he was stunned.
Feng Ge was so young. How could he have a disciple?
Wait!
When he went to the Taishi Palace, he saw Han Liusu, Xun, and Mu Ning called Feng Ge "Little Master."

Chapter 2940
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Divine Bird Bi Fang
Han Liusu's strange flame had always been a mystery in the Divine Realm.
In the early days, even Emperor Hanqing didn't know the reason.
Later, after leaving the Divine Realm, Han Liusu's cultivation increased greatly, and her control over strange flames became stronger. Her strange flame never showed any signs of losing control, but the origin of this strange flame was never clear.
After Luo Zheng figured it out, he asked anxiously, "Strange flame backlash? What happened to her? "
Feng Ge was already eighty to ninety percent suspicious of Luo Zheng's identity. Hearing his anxious tone, the corners of his mouth curled up slightly, and he said in a cold tone, "This has nothing to do with Your Excellency Under the Heavens, right?"
"Tell me! What happened to her! "Luo Zheng took a step forward, and his entire aura became ferocious.
He left Mu Ning and Liusu with Feng Ge because Taishi Palace was very safe. It was the core of the Heavenly Palace.
Luo Zheng didn't expect something like this to happen. After hearing this, his mind was in chaos.
Feng Ge didn't expect Luo Zheng to become so fierce. He was also shocked. His other hand condensed a golden whip, and it went straight for Luo Zheng's face.
This Golden Crow Flame couldn't hurt Luo Zheng's body even in the Mother World, let alone a mere Divine Flame.
Luo Zheng grabbed the Golden Crow Flame and broke it. At the same time, he grabbed Feng Ge and asked, "Speak!"
"She, she, she's fine!" Feng Ge said anxiously. "Why are you so fierce!"
Luo Zheng calmed down a little after hearing this answer. Only then did he realize that he had lost his composure. Just as he was about to speak, he realized Feng Ge's purpose. So this woman was testing him?
Feng Ge calmed down and sneered, "You are indeed a disciple of the Heavenly Palace. Your Excellency Under the Heavens … or Your Excellency Luo Zheng?"
Luo Zheng also knew that he couldn't fool Feng Ge. She deliberately made up these things to deceive him, which meant that she already had suspicions. However, he still had to confirm Han Liusu's safety, so he asked in a muffled voice, "Is Liusu's body really fine?"
"How could anything happen to her when my mother helped her? Besides, her bloodline Liusu's Heavens God God Art Book Book Book World's Talisman Heavens, "Feng Ge said coldly.
"Heavenly Bloodline?" Luo Zheng's Heart.
Han Liusu's God Book Book Book God Book Book Book Book Book God God God Book Book Book Book Book Book's God Book Book Book Book..
From Feng Ge's words, it seemed that the bloodline of Liusu was very rare.
"She has the bloodline of the Bi Fang, and her Heavenly Flame is called 'Extortion Fire'," Feng Ge said. "Like the Golden Crow, the Bi Fang is a kind of divine bird. It looks like a crane, has one leg, and has a white beak. The Bi Fang is the Fire Bird of Calamity. Wherever it appears, there will be a fire.
"Fire …"
Han Liusu had mentioned before that when she was young, she often couldn't control her Heavenly Flame and would occasionally cause fires. That was why Han Jia had arranged a palace for her.
Feng Ge's words matched the legend.
But why did Han Liusu have the bloodline of the Heavens God Bird Bi Fang?
Even if Han Jia had some kind of opportunity to inherit the bloodline, it should be the Nine Li bloodline. What did it have to do with the Bi Fang? Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out.
"You're not honest. To think that I treated my three disciples so well."
As Feng Ge spoke, he coldly glanced at Luo Zheng, then continued to create Golden Crow Flames to roast the cauldron.
She had spent so much time with Han Liusu and the other girls that she naturally talked about some things. Although Han Liusu, Xun, and the others didn't reveal their origins, they did reveal their relationship with Luo Zheng.
In the Nirvana Realm, Luo Zheng saved Feng Ge once, but in return, he was targeted by Ling Shuang several times.
However, at that time, Feng Ge didn't know Luo Zheng's identity. Naturally, she was in awe of him. Now that she came back to her senses, she naturally felt depressed. If she hadn't tested him, he would have continued to pretend.
No matter whether Feng Ge was willing or not, she would subconsciously think that she wasn't as important as Ling Shuang. Any woman would hate this feeling.
Luo Zheng laughed dryly. "The matter of entering the Nirvana Realm physically is very important. Naturally, I can't reveal it to too many people."
Feng Ge didn't say anything else. Instead, she focused on releasing Golden Crow Flames. She lowered her head and pondered …
Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle …
The green powder entered the Burning Crystal. As it continued to heat up, it turned into green filaments inside the Burning Crystal. These filaments spread out like blood vessels. Finally, there was a slight explosion. The Burning Crystal exploded along the lines of the green filaments.
The Burning Crystal that was thrown into the pot all turned into crystals the size of rice grains. It looked like a pot of crystal clear multicolored rice. Luo Zheng even smelled a concentrated floral fragrance.
"It's beautiful," Feng Ge commented indifferently.
As she continued to burn, these rice-sized crystals gradually melted. Finally, they turned into a pot of translucent viscous liquid. At this point, it should be considered a success.
At this moment, Luo Zheng thought of something. She turned around and walked to the other side of the wooden house. She pulled down the white cotton threads hanging on the wall and twisted them into bundles of cores. Then, she stuffed them into the containers of different lengths.
Then, she lifted the big pot and poured the viscous liquid into the containers.
Although it was her first time doing this kind of work, Luo Zheng's control of her strength was flawless. She appeared to be very skilled.
If she hadn't been detained here with this guy, Feng Ge would have thought that Luo Zheng had been working here for a long time.
"There are only these few materials in this wooden house. When the wax solidifies, it should be finished," Luo Zheng said with certainty.
"Perhaps the finished candles can be lit?" Feng Ge asked again.
"Let's try," Luo Zheng nodded.
The liquid wax solidified very quickly. Soon, the liquid wax in the vessel became turbid and turned into white candles.
Feng Ge pointed at the candles. A wisp of golden flame flew toward the candles. The flame burned the candles, but it couldn't light them up.
"There must be a way," Luo Zheng said, as if he had already expected this.
"Then, won't we … never be able to get out?" Feng Ge hesitated and asked.
"Maybe," Luo Zheng thought for a while and said, "Maybe the Three-eyed Boy will let us go if we complete the mission ahead of time?"
No matter what, he wouldn't let Feng Ge touch the candles in the Sumeru Ring for the time being. He couldn't even discuss this topic.
After speaking, he threw more Zhuo Crystals into the big pot. Then, he sprinkled green powder and let Feng Ge continue to heat it up.
Luo Zheng took the utensils and pulled out the candles one by one.
With the two of them working together, their efficiency was quite good. They made more than forty candles in twelve hours.

Chapter 2941
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Silent Communication
The black light isolated everything outside, making the dark realm seem particularly lonely.
When there were more than ten people here, this feeling of loneliness was hard to eliminate. When there was only Luo Zheng and Feng Ge left, this feeling was even more prominent.
The wooden house was full of mystery and expectation in the other side. Now that they found out that this shabby place was just a place to make candles, they suddenly felt bored, especially when their freedom was restricted.
"When the disciples of the Heavenly Palace go back and report the situation, I'm afraid mother will be worried …" Feng Ge said while looking at the flickering candlelight.
"It's useless to worry," Luo Zheng shook his head.
In the situation where they couldn't leave the other side, the Breaking Illusion spell was useless, and they couldn't forcefully wake them up in the outside world.
No matter how powerful Concubine Yan was, she couldn't come down from the higher level of the other side. Not to mention Concubine Yan, even Donghuang Taiyi and Elder Ying couldn't do anything.
The other side was such a special place. Sometimes it was safer than many dangerous places in the mother world. One could escape with a Breaking Illusion spell, but sometimes it was extremely dangerous.
"What if the Three-eyed Boy doesn't let us go?" Feng Ge asked again.
"I don't know …"
If this topic continued, it might involve the candle in Feng Ge's hand again. Luo Zheng decisively stopped.
They waited in front of the wooden house for two hours.
The "Gemini Blue Star" appeared in the dark sky again, and the ground started to shake.
"The Giant Ape is back …" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
When the Three-eyed Boy first appeared, he was sent down by the Giant Ape.
When the Three-eyed Boy left, the Giant Ape also left at the same time. There should be no problem with this pattern, but Luo Zheng was worried that the Three-eyed Boy would play tricks and hide in the dark.
"Boom …"
"Boom …"
As the ground continued to shake, a hairy giant hand reached out from the dark and spread out at the door of the wooden house.
A few hours ago, the Three-eyed Boy's body was already stained with blood. This time, his injuries were more serious. Half of his face was scratched, and one of his arms was full of cracks. In the cracks, there were black worms wriggling and biting.
"These black worms …"
Luo Zheng was quite knowledgeable, but when he saw the black bug, he felt an inexplicable sense of fear. It was as if this thing was the nemesis of the physical body.
The Three-eyed Boy landed in front of the wooden house and waved his hand. The candle in front of the wooden house fell into his hand. Then, he aimed the candle's light at the black bugs on his arm and circled them.
"Zi zi zi …"
These little black worms seemed to be extremely afraid of candles. They were originally greedily biting the Three-eyed Boy, but under the burning of the candlelight, they wriggled crazily and soon died. The Three-eyed Boy gently shook them off and they fell to the ground.
Perhaps sensing Luo Zheng's careful observation, the Three-eyed Boy said faintly, "These black-helmeted worms are not afraid of fire. They are only afraid of light."
The creatures of the Dark Realm were all afraid of light, including the Three-eyed Boy.
However, some creatures could last a little longer under the candlelight, while others would quickly disappear.
The Black Helmets on the ground were quickly neutralized by the scattered candlelight.
The strange thing was that the corpses of the Black Helmets emitted a faint black light before they disappeared. Could everything in the Dark Realm be in conflict with the outside world?
Luo Zheng was still focused on his observation when the Three-eyed Boy said, "Let me see your results. If it's useless, there's no point in keeping you here."
"Then are you willing to let us go?" Feng Ge continued asking.
Luo Zheng shook his head inwardly. Feng Ge was really naive.
The Three-eyed Boy sneered and entered the wooden house. He looked at the candles in the corner. Luo Zheng had already collected the candles and placed them together. The utensils had also been returned neatly.
The Three-eyed Boy glanced at the candles and stretched out his hand. A candle flew into his hand. He looked it up and down and nodded with a satisfied expression. "The candles you made for the first time are not bad. You can live."
Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief after hearing the Three-eyed Boy's evaluation.
The Three-eyed Boy went down to the wooden house and took out a large pile of Burning Crystals again. He placed them in the wooden house and piled them up like a small mountain. After giving a few more instructions, he jumped into the giant hand's palm and left in a hurry.
"Boom …"
"Boom …"
The giant ape in the Dark Realm disappeared again.
"He seems to be in a hurry?" Feng Ge asked.
"Yes, his injuries are more serious. He stayed much shorter than last time." Luo Zheng nodded.
Since the creatures of the Dark Realm could not survive under the light, then the Three-eyed Boy had to pay a certain price to survive under the candlelight. This deduction should be valid.
The more serious the Three-eyed Boy's injuries were, the more he could not afford to pay the price. Therefore, he could only come and go in a hurry …
Luo Zheng thought as he threw the Burning Crystals into the cauldron. After sprinkling in the green powder, he called for Feng Ge to release the Golden Crow Divine Fire again.
Feng Ge did as she was told. However, when she released the Divine Fire, she suddenly asked, "I can't light these candles. How did the Three-eyed Boy light them?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. "The candles we made should be incomplete. I'm afraid that one of the processes is still in the hands of that kid."
Luo Zheng was a little confused as to why Feng Ge would suddenly ask this question. However, Feng Ge suddenly waved her hand and said, "Of these candles, at least three can be lit, right?"
Ling Shuang had given Feng Ge three candles. Previously, Feng Ge had wanted to mention this several times, but was stopped by Luo Zheng. This time, she had an idea and used a clever way to express it.
Luo Zheng understood in an instant. "Maybe. I'll try again when I'm done. However, there's no rush. The Three-eyed Boy is not a bad person. Perhaps when we make enough candles, he will let us go when the time is right?"
"Okay!" Feng Ge nodded.
Luo Zheng secretly communicated with them. Ling Shuang's three candles could be lit, but the timing was not good enough. When the time was right, they would naturally choose to escape.
Inside the Dark Realm …
The Three-eyed Boy was lying in the giant ape's palm, sitting upright and recuperating.
On his side, there was a black circular screen. If creatures outside the Dark Realm saw this black screen, they would see nothing but darkness. However, the Three-eyed Boy could see Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's every move through this black screen. Of course, he could also hear their conversation.
"Let you go? Hmph, you must be dreaming. "The Three-eyed Boy sneered. With a wave of his hand, the circular black screen disappeared.
The Scorching Crystal Mine was occupied by the black monkeys. These black monkeys were extraordinarily powerful, so it was not easy to snatch the Scorching Crystal Mine from them. During this period of time, the Three-eyed Boy had achieved many victories, but he had also suffered heavy injuries.

Chapter 2942
Wounded
Every time the Three-eyed Boy returned, he would bring more or less Burning Crystals.
Sometimes, when there were too many, he would stuff them into the two wooden houses below. If there were too few, he would directly throw them to Luo Zheng.
At first, the Three-eyed Boy's expression was cold towards Luo Zheng and Feng Ge. However, after interacting with them more, he became a little more amiable.
Once, the Three-eyed Boy brought back a small mountain of Burning Crystals. At the same time, he took out a small black toad from the pile of Burning Crystals. When the small toad was brought into the light, its body began to emit traces of black light.
The Three-eyed Boy actually gave the small toad to Feng Ge as a gift.
Feng Ge looked at the black thing. How could he be willing to accept such a strange thing?
Who knew that the Three-eyed Boy would directly throw the toad to Feng Ge. The moment the toad came into contact with Feng Ge, it escaped into Feng Ge's soul body. Following that, Feng Ge felt his soul power begin to skyrocket. This black toad was even more effective than the soul crystal!
The Three-eyed Boy snorted coldly and immediately left.
After the Three-eyed Boy left, Luo Zheng was also studying some of the characteristics of the dark domain.
Every time he completed the task of making candles, Luo Zheng would squat outside the wooden house and sit at the intersection of the candlelight and darkness to test some of the characteristics of the dark domain.
He removed some wooden strips from the corner of the wooden house and carefully placed them into the darkness before carefully retrieving them.
The wooden strips didn't change at all …
In addition to using the wooden strips to test the darkness, Luo Zheng also placed the candles into the darkness. When he retrieved them, the candles also didn't change.
"It should be energy!"
The wood used to build the wooden house was the same as the candles. They didn't have any energy fluctuations and didn't have the power of the Paramita Realm. Materials without energy fluctuations could freely enter and exit the dark domain and the outside world!
The sand, stones, Yang souls, and corporeal bodies of the Paramita Realm all contained energy. Once these things that contained energy fell into the dark domain, there should be a problem!
"Feng Ge!" Luo Zheng called out.
Feng Ge strolled over with a reluctant expression on her face, but she still took out a Nirvana Token from her Sumeru Ring.
Luo Zheng's body couldn't possess the Sumeru Space, so he could only use Feng Ge's things to study it.
The Paramita Token that Feng Ge took out was an ancient sword. According to Feng Ge, this sword was unearthed in the Twelfth Heaven.
Luo Zheng held the ancient sword and gently pushed the tip of the sword into the darkness.
Luo Zheng didn't know what happened in the darkness, but the moment the sword and the darkness met, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge felt the energy fluctuation at the same time. When Luo Zheng pulled out the ancient sword, the tip of the sword had been cut off, as if it had been cut short by the darkness.
Seeing this, Feng Ge and Luo Zheng's expressions changed.
After getting on the wooden bridge from the back of the Sky Temple, many disciples of the Heavenly Palace fell into the darkness.
Although they all knew that falling into the darkness meant certain death, they didn't expect the darkness to be so cruel to the creatures in the light …
Luo Zheng stared at the tip of the ancient sword and thought for a while. Then he suddenly thrust the long sword into the darkness, stabbing it into the ground in the darkness.
Before the ancient sword was completely destroyed, Luo Zheng suddenly pried some material from the darkness into the light.
It was just some black soil, but under the illumination of the candlelight, it released energy just like those black helmeted worms, and then quickly melted like snowflakes in summer.
"Light and darkness are like water and fire, they don't mix …"
"In theory, we will die if we enter the darkness. Then the Three-eyed Boy, the red python, and the monkey-man will also die if they enter the area illuminated by the candlelight. What on earth can make them unscathed under the candlelight? Can such a thing be used by us …"
As long as he had spare time, Luo Zheng did this kind of research every day.
Although Feng Ge would fully cooperate with Luo Zheng, she really wasn't interested in these things.
On the contrary, she was more willing to sit down and chat with Luo Zheng about other things, such as the interesting things in the Crown Prince's Palace or the things between her and her three disciples. Every time she asked about Luo Zheng's background, Luo Zheng wouldn't talk about it. After a few times, Feng Ge also avoided this topic.
However, the more Luo Zheng didn't let Feng Ge know, the more curious Feng Ge became. She had made up her mind. If she was lucky enough to survive this time, she would properly "interrogate" her three disciples after returning to the Crown Prince's Palace!
Of course, the Three-eyed Boy knew that Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were racking their brains for a way to escape, but he didn't stop them or threaten them.
Confined to a small wooden house, the resources here were not enough for them to enter the darkness. It could be said that the darkness was the biggest cage.
"This is for you!"
When the Three-eyed Boy came back again, he threw a handful of green fruits to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He took the fruits and swallowed them.
Not long after he swallowed them, he felt as if his internal organs were being burned. The fruits growing in the darkness were constantly releasing energy, and this energy directly turned into Luo Zheng's physical strength!
Purely physical strength, Luo Zheng's growth was extremely slow. Compared to the Nirvana Power provided by the Nirvana Realm token, his physical strength was now a drop in the ocean.
However, after eating the fruits, his physical strength actually increased dramatically. Naturally, Luo Zheng was very surprised.
Looking at Luo Zheng's surprised expression, the Three-eyed Boy was also somewhat proud. He said, "Work hard here, and you will benefit in the future."
Although the Three-eyed Boy's personality was extremely cold, he was quite generous. Especially since the darkness seemed to be full of treasures. Any random item in the Nirvana Realm would have great value.
Time passed day by day …
There was no concept of day and night in the Nirvana Realm, but Luo Zheng had an accurate record.
He and Feng Ge had already stayed in the candle workshop for three months and made about a thousand candles.
Feng Ge had hinted to Luo Zheng several times that they should light the candles and escape after the Three-eyed Boy and the giant ape left.
However, Luo Zheng had been somewhat hesitant. If the Three-eyed Boy had been monitoring him and was alive to set up other means in the surroundings, it would be troublesome.
There was only one chance to escape. Luo Zheng wanted to ensure success, so naturally, he was extra cautious.
In the first week of three months.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were still working together to boil the wax liquid.
Suddenly, they felt the ground shake. They looked at each other and felt very strange. That guy came back so soon?
When they came to the door, they saw the hairy giant hand reaching out from the darkness. From the giant hand, drops of dark red blood fell like rain. This blood was also from the darkness. After being illuminated by the candles, it released traces of energy and quickly disappeared.
"Whose blood?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
"Dong!"

Chapter 2943
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
The Strange Black and White Tree
The Twin Blue Stars floating in the darkness kept descending, and the huge ape face also squeezed into the candlelight.
Feng Ge looked at the ape face, took a few steps back, and hid behind Luo Zheng.
"Don't be afraid," Luo Zheng comforted him.
The ape's face gradually approached Luo Zheng's face. Its huge mouth cracked open a little, and then a dull voice sounded.
"Save … him!"
The giant ape's words were very vague, as if it was not used to the human language, but Luo Zheng and Feng Ge could still hear it clearly.
"Save this guy?" Luo Zheng was a little hesitant.
Luo Zheng could only use limited means in the Nirvana Realm, and the Three-eyed Boy was a creature of the Dark Realm, so its structure was fundamentally different from theirs.
"Huff, huff …"
The giant ape covered the top of the wooden house with its hands, as if it was going to press down. At the same time, it opened its mouth and said, "If he dies, you will die too!"
If the hands came down, Feng Ge's soul would scatter, and Luo Zheng would probably be smashed into meat paste.
They had to save him.
"But what means do we have to save him?" Feng Ge said gloomily.
He had many Soul Elixirs and Soul Crystals in his Sumeru Ring, and even some special Soul Secret Treasures. However, even if these Secret Treasures could save lives, they were targeted at the Yang Soul, not the physical body.
"I can try," Luo Zheng said.
His physical body could not use the Stone Sealing Solution in the Nirvana Realm, but he could communicate with his Dantian, so he could use the power of the Nirvana token.
Similarly, Shinto was also possible.
Although using Shinto methods to heal a creature of the Dark Realm sounded a little crazy, Luo Zheng had no other choice now.
The giant ape's brain was not very flexible, and it would definitely do what it said. In other words, the Three-eyed Boy's life was closely related to Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
Luo Zheng walked to the Three-eyed Boy, squatted down, and looked at him carefully.
The Three-eyed Boy lay motionless on the ground with his eyes closed.
Luo Zheng put his hand on his neck. When his fingers touched his neck, he felt a burning sensation.
"Zizi …"
Luo Zheng's fingers were scorched black, and the Three-eyed Boy's neck also had a black handprint.
All energy under the Dark Domain and the Light Domain would dissolve each other.
Such a reaction was within Luo Zheng's expectations.
This was also the most troublesome part …
The energy of the Life Divine Dao would most likely clash with the energy of the Dark Domain, making it difficult to save him.
Luo Zheng had no other choice. He clenched his teeth and released the Taoist Connotation from his dantian.
Luo Zheng's Life Divine Dao emitted a rich aura of life. Wisps of this green aura curled around him and swept towards the three-eyed boy's body as he pointed with his finger.
"Hiss, hiss, hiss …"
This green aura could originally cause wounds to heal quickly and regenerate flesh and bone.
However, when it hit the Three-eyed Boy, it began to rapidly corrode his body, leaving black earthworm-like scars on his body.
When he saw this, Luo Zheng hurriedly stopped.
"What's going on …" Feng Ge said solemnly.
"He's a creature of the Dark Domain. Anything we do is a fatal poison to him," Luo Zheng replied.
"Wu, wu …"
The huge ape on top of the wooden house also understood what was going on. Its huge eyes contained sorrow. It had a very deep relationship with the Three-eyed Boy. Now that it understood that the Three-eyed Boy had no way to survive, it naturally revealed sorrow.
"Squeak …"
"Zizi …"
A teardrop the size of a wooden barrel dripped out of the huge ape's eyes.
This teardrop was also a creature of the Dark Domain. Under the illumination of the candlelight, it rapidly melted and continuously released energy.
When he saw this, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly moved.
He suddenly stood up, gestured to the huge ape, and asked loudly, "You … how can you not be injured under the candlelight?"
Ordinary creatures of the Dark Domain would certainly be annihilated under the illumination of the candlelight.
However, the creatures of the Dark Domain that he had seen were almost not afraid of the candlelight. The mystery behind this should not be difficult. Or rather, it should be easy to find a way to resist the candlelight in the Dark Domain. Otherwise, creating so many candlelight would be a suicidal act.
"Wu?" The huge ape did not understand.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, reached out, and pulled a long hair from the huge hairy hand of the huge ape. Then, he threw the hair into the darkness and pulled it back from the darkness. At the same time, he gestured, "Why … are you not afraid?"
The huge ape stared at Luo Zheng's action and thought for a while. Suddenly, it made a sound from its throat. Then, with an expression of understanding, the huge face and the pair of huge hands quickly left the range of the candlelight and dived into the darkness.
"Dong, dong, dong …"
Seeing the huge ape leave quickly, Feng Ge asked with a worried expression, "Did it really understand?"
"Maybe …" Luo Zheng was not completely sure.
Feng Ge glanced at the Three-eyed Boy on the ground and said with a complicated expression, "Why don't we run away? Anyway, that huge ape is very stupid and won't be back for a while. Now that this kid is unconscious, it's a great opportunity!"
Luo Zheng looked at the Three-eyed Boy on the ground with a hesitant expression.
This was indeed an opportunity, and he did not have a deep friendship with the Three-eyed Boy.
However, after getting along for the past few days, it was still difficult for him to leave the Three-eyed Boy in the lurch.
Most importantly, he wanted to understand how the creatures of the Dark Domain survived in the candlelight. If it were him, would he be able to enter and exit the Dark Domain at will?
"That wooden bridge is too long. The huge ape will probably turn back before we cross it. At that time, it will probably catch us again," Luo Zheng said.
Feng Ge glanced at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression.
How could she not see that there were actually many opportunities to seize these past few days? However, Luo Zheng was somewhat unwilling to leave …
After all, as long as they lit the candle, they could jump out of the range of the wooden house and escape by running along the wooden bridge.
Although she understood Luo Zheng's thoughts, she did not expose him.
For some reason, she was not in a hurry to leave. Although she often felt afraid after being trapped in this small candlelight for the past few days, her heart was incomparably calm and she was not in a hurry to escape.
Regardless of whether she wanted to leave or not, what happened next was indeed as Luo Zheng predicted.
The huge ape only left for half an hour. As the ground continued to shake, the huge ape quickly turned back.
"Whoosh!"
The huge ape stuck a large tree directly in the range of the candlelight.
The tree was about ten feet tall. Its appearance was very ordinary, but its color was very strange.
The branches, leaves, and fruits on the left were all pure black. The branches, leaves, and other things on the right were snow-white. One tree actually had two completely different colors and shapes.

Chapter 2944
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Rescue
Luo Zheng's face was full of astonishment as he looked at the strange tree that was black and white in color.
He had never seen such a strange plant before …
Although the giant ape's words were vague and unclear, Luo Zheng understood them clearly. Furthermore, these words were completely consistent with Luo Zheng's conjecture.
Sure enough, there was such a thing in the Hidden Realm that could make them fearless of the candlelight. Furthermore, it appeared that these things weren't very rare. At the very least, the red python and the monkey monster with low intelligence had the ability to come into contact with them!
And now, there were two kinds of fruits on this strange tree!
Luo Zheng pointed at the white fruit and asked the giant ape, "What about the white fruit?"
The giant ape pointed at the white fruit with its huge finger and said, "Eat it … and you won't be afraid of darkness …"
The white fruit was naturally useless to the beings of the Hidden Realm. They were originally a race that was born in the darkness. However, it was extremely useful to beings outside of the Hidden Realm!
Feng Ge and Luo Zheng looked at each other. It was as if a beam of light had shone into their minds.
Eating the white fruit would allow them to integrate with the energy of the Hidden Realm and allow them to move freely within the Hidden Realm?
"You … eat it …" the giant ape commanded.
The giant ape had also been enlightened by Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng wasn't a being of the Hidden Realm. The Dao of the Life Divine Dao that he released would burn the three-eyed boy. What if he allowed him to integrate into the Hidden Realm?
Thus, the giant ape found this tree and uprooted it before tossing it in front of Luo Zheng.
"Eat it then …"
Luo Zheng had eaten many strange things during this period of time. He didn't mind eating one more white fruit.
He plucked one of the white fruits and stuffed it into his mouth.
As soon as he swallowed it, Luo Zheng felt a gentle energy spread throughout his body.
This energy wasn't powerful, but it was everywhere. It even seeped into his dantian …
In the time it took to drink a cup of tea, Luo Zheng felt some changes in his body.
Previously, Luo Zheng saw absolute darkness in the Dark Domain. Except for the candles and the eyes of the Giant Ape, everything else was pitch-black. But now, he felt that the darkness in the Dark Domain seemed to have faded a little.
The boundary between the candlelight and the darkness became smooth. Some vague shadows appeared in the depths of the darkness. There were mountains, trees, and paths. This was the true appearance of the Dark Domain!
"How is it?" Feng Ge asked.
"I …"
Luo Zheng walked to the edge of the darkness and gently reached his hand into it.
Luo Zheng was still a little nervous even though he was only putting his fingertips in.
The moment his finger entered the Dark Domain, the gentle energy came into play and helped Luo Zheng resist the devouring darkness. Luo Zheng was unharmed!
"Yes, it's a success." Luo Zheng smiled.
Right now, saving people was more important …
The white fruit seemed to have changed his physique, preventing him from clashing with the Dark Domain.
In that case, he should be able to use the Life Divine Dao to save people, right?
"Weng …"
A green light revolved around Luo Zheng. Under the illumination of this green light, everything seemed full of life.
"Rain of Life …"
The green light condensed into a green cloud above the Three-eyed Boy. The Dao Accumulation turned into raindrops that fell on the Three-eyed Boy.
This time, the Dao Accumulation of Luo Zheng's Divine Dao did not repel the Three-eyed Boy. The Dao Accumulation began healing the Three-eyed Boy's wounds.
But the Divine Dao energy was too weak to the Paramita Realm.
It was still fine for Paramita Realm experts who had yet to enter the Chaotic Origin Realm. Their fleshy bodies had not been strengthened significantly. Their essence was not much different from True Gods. It was just that the energy they could use was several dozen or even several hundred times stronger than True Gods.
But once they entered the Chaotic Origin Realm, their fleshy bodies would be strengthened.
This Three-eyed Boy was a lifeform of the Dark Domain. He should not have experienced the 'Chaotic Origin Reconstruction'. But the energy he casually unleashed was something Luo Zheng could not resist against. His fleshy body was at least as strong as a Chaotic Origin Realm expert. It might even be stronger than that!
Using the Dao Accumulation of the Life Divine Dao to heal a Chaotic Origin Realm expert was like using mortal medicine to save a heavily injured warrior. Naturally, it was effective, but the process was extremely slow.
Two hours …
Four hours …
Six hours …
It was also because Luo Zheng's inner world was extremely proficient. Even if he continuously absorbed the Dao Accumulation, he would not overdraft it.
When it reached the fourth hour, some of the tiny wounds on the Three-eyed Boy's body showed signs of healing …
But something happened at the fifth hour. The Three-eyed Boy's body started emitting strands of black smoke. His fleshy body was repelling the candlelight.
'It is the time limit of that black fruit …'
Luo Zheng did not panic. He extended his hand and plucked a black fruit from the tree before stuffing it into the Three-eyed Boy's mouth.
Not long later, that black smoke disappeared. The Three-eyed Boy no longer repelled the candlelight.
The sixth hour …
The seventh hour …
The green raindrops from the Life Divine Dao landed on the Three-eyed Boy's body, corroding many black scars.
"Wu …"
The huge ape who had been observing silently let out a sound, reminding Luo Zheng that it was time for Luo Zheng to eat that white fruit.
Actually, Luo Zheng could vaguely sense that the effect of that white fruit was fading. It was just that he wanted to confirm how long this white fruit could last.
The longest time a white fruit could last was 14 hours!
After swallowing another white fruit, Luo Zheng continued releasing the Life Divine Dao. The green Life Rain had almost completely soaked the Three-eyed Boy.
One day …
Two days …
Three days …
The Three-eyed Boy's body was gradually recovering. His fleshy body that had been torn apart by the rain had mostly recovered. But he was still unconscious.
The huge ape was like a Protector God guarding the wooden house.
Quite a few people were watching from the main entrance of the Overwhelming Heaven Divine Temple.
They could still see the three wooden houses and the Gemini Blue Star. But they did not know what had happened.
Ling Shuang's Yang Soul appeared on a hillside. She looked into the distance with a complicated expression and silently prayed in her heart.
"I know that you are blessed by providence. Even if you encounter a great calamity, you will definitely be able to turn it into a blessing. So …"
Halfway through her sentence, her Yang Soul gradually dissipated and left the other side.
Ling Shuang's consciousness returned to the Origin World. Center God Province, Great One Heavenly Palace, Great One Mountain, Heart Flow Sword Sect. On the second floor of an independent courtyard.
She sat across from Luo Zheng and stared at Luo Zheng's handsome face. Luo Zheng's brows were furrowed. What was bothering him?
Ling Shuang stretched out her hand and massaged his furrowed brows. Then, she said with certainty, "So … you will definitely wake up!"
Outside the door on the second floor, Ning Yudie sat there with a worried expression. She had not said a word for many days.
Xi Youqin, on the other hand, kept yelling for Ling Shuang to get out of the house.
Ling Shuang's guards glared at Xi Youqin. Insulting Her Highness Ling Shuang was a crime of great disrespect. If not for Her Highness Ling Shuang's prohibition, they would have taken this woman away long ago!

Chapter 2945
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Suspicion and Jealousy
Seven days later.
The Three-eyed Boy's injuries were almost completely healed under the constant nourishment of the Dao of Life.
After these few days of interaction, the giant ape had gained some trust in Luo Zheng and Feng Ge. It would leave the Three-eyed Boy alone for them to take care of.
After the giant ape left, it collected some exotic plants and flowers in the hidden domain.
Although it did not know anything about alchemy, it naturally understood the use of these plants and flowers after living in the hidden domain for so many years.
The giant ape brought these plants to Luo Zheng. After Luo Zheng roughly understood what it meant, he simply processed these plants and flowers and fed them to the Three-eyed Boy.
It was unknown whether it was the effect of these plants or the Dao of Life. Ten days later, the Three-eyed Boy's three eyes finally opened.
He got up from the ground and looked around. He said in surprise, "I'm fine?"
The Three-eyed Boy thought he was dead for sure.
"Yes …"
The giant ape responded. At the same time, it shook its huge head and smiled with relief.
The Three-eyed Boy stared at the giant ape and asked, "You brought me back and healed me?"
"Huh?"
The giant ape was simple and honest. It immediately shook its head.
The Three-eyed Boy was indeed brought back by it. After the Three-eyed Boy broke into the Luminous Crystal Mining Area, he was surrounded by those black monkeys. It was not the first time the Three-eyed Boy had dealt with those black monkeys. At first, he did not think much of it.
However, the black monkeys came out in full force this time. It was only when the Three-eyed Boy was surrounded that he realized that something was wrong.
He almost forced his way out in a single breath.
Although he finally rushed out of the Luminous Crystal Mining Area, those black monkeys chased after him and tore at his flesh along the way. In the end, he fell to the ground and lay in a pool of blood. The giant ape reached out at the critical moment, picked up the Three-eyed Boy, and fled.
However, the giant ape believed that the person who saved the Three-eyed Boy was Luo Zheng and not it.
It pointed at Luo Zheng with its thick finger and said, "He … Help … You …"
The Three-eyed Boy had been with the Giant Ape for a long time, so he knew every word it said. When he heard that Luo Zheng had saved him, his face was full of doubt.
Because of his physique, it was impossible for him to do so.
Then, he glanced around and saw that there were many big trees around the wooden house. When he saw the black and white tree, his eyes flashed.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were not from the same world as him. No matter what life-saving methods they had, they were like arsenic to the Three-eyed Boy. They were highly toxic existences.
But with this tree, the situation was different …
The three-eyed boy stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "You ate the Fruit of Darkness?"
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment and then nodded, "Yes."
The three-eyed boy smiled coldly and continued to ask, "Since you've eaten the Fruit of Darkness, you should've had plenty of opportunities to escape! Why did you stay here to save me? What are your intentions? "
After eating the Fruit of Darkness, Luo Zheng could completely adapt to the environment of the Tenebrous Domain and leave the area illuminated by the candlelight.
Once they crossed the wooden bridge and escaped the Tenebrous Domain, even the Giant Ape could do nothing to Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
However, they didn't escape and instead stayed here to save him. In the heart of the Three-eyed Boy, who was good at suspicion, there must be a big problem.
"Speak!"
The Three-eyed Boy shouted and the eye on his forehead opened. With a flash of green light, a green ray of light shot toward Luo Zheng.
The green ray of light could not only penetrate the soul, but it could also penetrate Luo Zheng's body in an instant.
"Puff!"
After the green ray of light pierced through Luo Zheng's chest, he was pulled into the air by the ray of light.
"Ugh, ugh …"
The Giant Ape let out two strange cries. It didn't expect the Three-eyed Boy to attack Luo Zheng after waking up.
"How can you do this! In any case, he saved your life! "Feng Ge stood out and berated the Three-eyed Boy.
Luo Zheng had spent a lot of energy to save this brat these days. Although he only stimulated the Divine Dao's Dao Connotation, he still wasted a lot of time and effort without rest. The Three-eyed Boy actually repaid his kindness with enmity after waking up!
The Three-eyed Boy ignored Feng Ge and stared at Luo Zheng with his three eyes. He was determined to get an answer from Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change much. He could still endure the pain of his body being penetrated. He heard Luo Zheng ask indifferently, "Have you always been alone in the Tenebrous Domain?"
The Three-eyed Boy didn't know why Luo Zheng asked such a question. With a cold expression, he said, "So what if I have?"
"Don't you have friends … and family?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Friends? Family? "
These two words were so unfamiliar to the Three-eyed Boy.
Speaking of friends, the only friend he had in the Tenebrous Domain was probably this Giant Ape. As for friends and family of the same race, he really didn't have any.
Some people said that the struggle between the mother world and the Nirvana Realm was very cruel. However, it was child's play compared to the Tenebrous Domain.
In the Dark Domain, there was no distinction between races. From the moment they were born, they were trapped in endless slaughter. Among the countless possibilities of death, only the lucky few who survived could take a step forward and qualify to be recruited by the organization.
The Three-eyed Boy had climbed up step by step like this. If he had taken a single wrong step, he would have fallen into an irrecoverable death trap.
The long and cruel experience had caused him to lose the ability to trust.
In the Three-eyed Boy's mind, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge must be filled with unwillingness to be locked up here by him.
When he was on the verge of death, not only did these two not escape, but they even saved him. There must be some other conspiracy!
"I explored the Tenebrous Domain not only to obtain the Nirvana token, but also because I was curious about the Tenebrous Domain." Luo Zheng continued, "At first, we did plan to escape. In fact, we were already prepared. However, I feel that you're not as bad as you look. You're a friend worth making, so I naturally chose to save you."
A friend worth making?
When the Three-eyed Boy heard Luo Zheng's words, there was an uncomfortable expression on his face. However, something in his heart was touched.
If this guy really thinks this way, then he must be sick in the head, the Three-eyed Boy thought to himself.
However, for some reason, the Three-eyed Boy didn't find such a person annoying.
His stiff and cold expression softened a little. The third eye on his forehead blinked gently. The green light that pierced through Luo Zheng disappeared. Luo Zheng fell from mid-air with a plop.
The Three-eyed Boy picked the white fruits from the black and white tree one by one and handed them to Luo Zheng. He said, "As long as you're willing to continue making candles for me, I can give you more freedom."

Chapter 2946
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Black Monkey
Before the Three-eyed Boy woke up, Luo Zheng had secretly left him several Fruits of Darkness.
He had not expected the Three-eyed Boy to give them to him of his own accord!
"Aren't you afraid that we'll run away?" Luo Zheng asked with a serious look.
Unexpectedly, the Three-eyed Boy smiled for the first time, but his smile was still very cold. "You would have run away a long time ago if you wanted to. I think you're right. The resources in the Dark Domain are very attractive to you. We can work together."
"Work together like friends?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
The Three-eyed Boy only glared at Luo Zheng fiercely before walking down to the wooden house below.
He had lost the Burning Crystals that he had originally snatched due to his injury this time. He only had some in reserve in the wooden house below.
No matter what, making candles was the most important thing.
After the Three-eyed Boy placed the Burning Crystals in the uppermost wooden house, he turned around and stared at Luo Zheng and Feng Ge as he asked, "You said that you want to obtain a Paramita token?"
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge looked at each other.
The things in the Dark Domain were much more powerful than they had imagined.
If they could obtain a Paramita token from the Dark Domain, they would naturally be more than happy to do so.
Even Feng Ge, who thought highly of himself, realized that this was a great opportunity.
Feng Ge's own Paramita token, the King of Stone Hills, was also very precious. The King of Stone Hills even had a chance to grow. However, she was willing to exchange it for an item from the Dark Domain.
"If it's possible to obtain such a Paramita token, of course I'd be happy," Luo Zheng replied.
"The energy of the Dark Domain repels you. The same goes for the Paramita token. I'm afraid it'll be very difficult for you to fuse them," the Three-eyed Boy said again.
Luo Zheng scratched his head. He had overlooked this point.
He had been constantly observing this repelling phenomenon for the past ten days.
The Paramita tokens in the Dark Domain should not be able to fuse with creatures outside the Dark Domain.
The Three-eyed Boy noticed Luo Zheng's expression and said, "It is indeed very difficult for you to merge with the Nirvana Token of the Dark Domain, but it is not completely impossible …"
"You have a way?" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
"There is a way, but it's not time yet. If the time is right, I can help you," said the Three-eyed Boy.
Luo Zheng asked in confusion, "When is the right time …"
"When you finish making the candles." The Three-eyed Boy revealed a rather stiff smile and patted Luo Zheng's shoulder lightly.
He only patted lightly, but Luo Zheng felt as if his shoulder blades were about to shatter. The Three-eyed Boy's strength was evident.
After the Three-eyed Boy and the giant ape disappeared into the darkness, Feng Ge said, "He didn't leave a warning this time. It seems like he really isn't afraid of us escaping?"
"This Fruit of Darkness is even more convenient than a candle. Since he was willing to leave these fruits to me, his intentions are clear. We are free to come and go," Luo Zheng said.
"Then … let's go back?" Feng Ge asked for Luo Zheng's opinion.
Luo Zheng threw the Burning Crystals back into the cauldron, but smiled at Feng Ge and said, "Do your work!"
Feng Ge didn't say much and began to concentrate on melting the Burning Crystals.
Previously, she was afraid that she would be trapped here for the rest of her life, so there wasn't a moment when she didn't want to go back to the Taishi Palace. Now that she suddenly realized that she could leave at will, she was a little reluctant. It was a different feeling to stand aloof from worldly affairs within this small area of candlelight.
Luo Zheng swallowed a Fruit of Darkness and walked into the Dark Domain.
Luo Zheng had experimented a little before, so he wasn't too nervous this time. He stepped into the darkness without asking.
The Dark Domain didn't give Luo Zheng too much pressure …
After swallowing the Fruit of Darkness, the energy in the Dark Domain wouldn't reject Luo Zheng.
The originally dark world had a hint of color in Luo Zheng's eyes.
The fork in the road that led to the wooden house was a hillside. On the side of the hillside was a cliff. The cliff was unfathomably high. The giant ape probably walked under the cliff every time it came here.
Luo Zheng walked down the hillside for a while. The road ahead was completely out of sight. Bushes and shrubs blocked the way.
"So the location of the wooden house is isolated. The Three-eyed Boy probably chose this place for safety reasons," Luo Zheng murmured.
It was his first time exploring the Dark Domain, so he didn't plan to go deep into it. Besides, Feng Ge was still boiling the liquid wax by himself.
But just as Luo Zheng turned around, there was a sudden squeak not far away!
The sound waves in the Dark Domain were also a kind of energy. So, whether it was Luo Zheng or anyone else, they couldn't catch this sound. Now that Luo Zheng had merged into the Dark Domain, he naturally heard it clearly.
Luo Zheng's gaze focused slightly. He saw that in the darkness not far away, more than ten monkey-men were constantly jumping up and down, heading straight for him!
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed when he encountered these things as soon as he came out.
Without hesitation, Luo Zheng turned around and flew up the hillside!
Even the giant red python didn't dare to enter the range of the wooden house. These monkey-men probably wouldn't dare!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The monkey-men had been active in this area for a long time. They were clearly more familiar with the terrain than Luo Zheng.
They constantly jumped and rolled, quickly closing the distance between them and Luo Zheng with great agility.
"Squeak!"
One of the monkey-men screamed and jumped on top of Luo Zheng's head. Its barbed tail was already stabbing towards Luo Zheng's head.
However, Luo Zheng wasn't one of those Yang souls.
He might not be able to face the giant red python, but these monkey-men weren't that strong!
Luo Zheng's body slightly bent. His hands shot out like lightning, twisting the monkey-man's tail to his side. With a sudden swing, the monkey-man only had time to let out a shrill squeak before its entire head slammed into another monkey-man's body.
"Boom!"
The two monkey-men were knocked dizzy. Even more monkey-men surrounded Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng once again climbed up the hillside. Whenever a monkey-man approached, he would casually grab them. Some of them were thrown to other monkey-men, while others were thrown directly into a nearby mountain stream by Luo Zheng.
Not long after, Luo Zheng stood at the top of the hillside.
He was only about thirty meters away from the wooden house. After calming down a bit, he wasn't in a hurry to run back to the wooden house.
"Squeak squeak squeak squeak squeak …"
More and more monkey-men gathered at the bottom of the hillside. There were actually several hundred of them. However, they didn't seem to have any intention of climbing up the hillside. Instead, they sat in a neat row, as if they were respectfully welcoming the birth of something.
Luo Zheng revealed a curious expression. He stayed on the hillside and observed for a while.
The forest in the distance swayed chaotically. A path was opened in the middle of the forest. Monkey-Men each about three meters tall climbed out.

Chapter 2947
Broken Bridge
"Black monkeys …"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Although the Three-eyed Boy rarely interacted with them, Luo Zheng had heard him mention them a few times. These black monkeys should be the creatures of the Dark Realm guarding the Burning Crystal!
There was no doubt about the strength of these black monkeys to be able to injure the Three-eyed Boy to the brink of death.
What were they doing here? A bad feeling rose in Luo Zheng's heart.
"Squeak squeak squeak squeak squeak …"
When these black monkeys appeared, the cries of the humanoid monkeys became louder and louder, and the atmosphere gradually became livelier.
Then, this team of monkeys slowly walked toward the hillside.
Luo Zheng lowered his body on the hillside and quietly retreated. Soon, he entered the range of the candlelight and went straight for the wooden house.
"Bang!"
Feng Ge was focused on boiling the liquid wax.
After boiling so many candles, Feng Ge's technique had become more practiced and experienced. She even knew what kind of heat could maximize the amount of liquid wax!
She suddenly heard a loud noise from the door. Seeing Luo Zheng rush in like the vanguard, she was a little surprised.
In her eyes, Luo Zheng was very calm.
"What's wrong?" Feng Ge asked indifferently.
The humanoid monkeys at the foot of the hill were extremely noisy, but their voices could not be transmitted through the darkness. Feng Ge naturally could not hear them.
Luo Zheng quickly walked in front of Feng Ge and handed a Fruit of Darkness to Feng Ge. "Eat it!"
Feng Ge stared at Luo Zheng and asked curiously, "What's wrong?"
"There's no time to explain. If we don't leave now, we'll die!" Luo Zheng replied simply.
Hearing Luo Zheng's serious tone, Feng Ge did not say anything else and swallowed the Fruit of Darkness.
The characteristics of these two fruits were very unique. The moment Feng Ge swallowed it, wisps of black clouds spread out from her purple soul. In the blink of an eye, these clouds filled her entire body.
"Go!"
Feng Ge was not ready yet. Luo Zheng grabbed her hand and rushed out.
"But those Burning Crystals …"
Although Feng Ge didn't like to boil wax, that was her personality. She liked to finish what she started.
But what time was it now? How could he have the time to care about those Scorching Crystals?
Luo Zheng pulled Feng Ge and rushed out of the wooden house like the wind!
Just as Luo Zheng and Feng Ge rushed out, those monkey-men and huge black monkeys also climbed up the hillside.
"Creak creak creak creak?"
"Creak!"
"Creak creak …"
The monkey-men didn't expect two people to rush out of the wooden house, and they quickly screamed.
"Sou!"
Seeing this, one of the black monkeys squeaked, then jumped up and went straight to Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
Seeing the black shadow rushing into the candlelight, Feng Ge was also stunned and screamed, "What's that?"
Luo Zheng didn't have the time to answer Feng Ge's question.
He was already prepared. As he rushed out, the power hidden in his legs suddenly exploded!
"Bang!"
Under the huge recoil, a pit appeared in the open space in front of the wooden house. Luo Zheng was like an arrow that left the bow, shooting toward the wooden bridge. Of course, he also grabbed Feng Ge's hand tightly.
With only one step, Luo Zheng was already on the wooden bridge.
Because it was unexpected, neither the black monkeys nor the monkey-men were able to react.
The black monkey that was running towards Luo Zheng stared at Luo Zheng who was running away. It opened its black mouth, revealing a row of messy white teeth, and grinned ferociously. It made a throat-slitting gesture to the other black monkeys.
The other black monkeys received the order and immediately became excited.
"Creak creak creak creak creak …"
With a burst of excited screams, they also rushed onto the wooden bridge.
These black monkeys were extremely agile. They climbed the bridge at high speed, but they didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so fast …
As soon as Luo Zheng got on the wooden bridge, he pushed his strength to the limit.
Fifty zhang, one hundred zhang, three hundred zhang … In the blink of an eye, he was already far away. In the black monkeys' field of vision, he was only a small black dot. Under the dim candlelight, he was faintly discernible.
"Squeak squeak?"
"Squeak!"
These black monkeys were originally full of confidence, but seeing Luo Zheng's crazy running method, they were somewhat dumbfounded.
Seeing that they couldn't catch up, they discussed with each other for a while and actually returned to the end of the wooden bridge!
This wooden bridge was built by the Three-eyed Boy. Its purpose was to attract creatures from outside the Dark Domain from the Temple of Sky. The wooden bridge itself was built very stably and was reinforced with arrays.
With the monkey-men, the python, and even Luo Zheng's strength, it wasn't easy to destroy this wooden bridge. However, it was too easy for the black monkeys to destroy it.
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
Several black monkeys on the side of the hillside took turns to smash at the junction between the wooden bridge and the hillside.
After several smashes, cracks appeared on the edge of the hillside. As the cracks grew bigger and bigger, the wooden bridge began to shake constantly.
"Crack!"
The part of the wooden bridge that was fixed to the hillside finally broke and slid down toward the mountain stream below.
Luo Zheng didn't have the time to inquire about what was happening behind him. He was only focused on running, and his speed was actually getting faster and faster.
"Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng …"
Feng Ge called out from behind.
"Don't talk!" Luo Zheng said.
Feng Ge pursed her lips. She hated it when people reprimanded her without distinguishing right from wrong.
Looking at the bridge deck that was constantly collapsing behind her, Feng Ge chose to shut up …
The entire wooden bridge had no piers. It was like a thin line connecting the Temple of Sky and the hillside.
As the hillside collapsed, the entire bridge deck began to tilt downward rapidly.
After two breaths, Luo Zheng felt that the bridge deck in front of him had become an "uphill road". Just as he was wondering, the entire "uphill road" became steeper and steeper. In the blink of an eye, it had become 90 degrees!
Caught off guard, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge both fell straight toward the mountain stream.
As they were falling, Luo Zheng asked, "What's going on … Is the bridge broken?"
Feng Ge looked indifferent. "It was broken by them. I was just about to tell you."
"…"
Luo Zheng, who was falling continuously into the darkness, was suddenly speechless.
This mountain stream was unknown how deep it was. Falling straight down from the bridge deck, Luo Zheng was also carefully observing.
After swallowing the Fruit of Darkness, he and Feng Ge had adapted to the Dark Domain. They could vaguely make out the outline of the scenery below.
After about ten breaths, Luo Zheng suddenly withdrew his legs and gently pulled Feng Ge, who was behind him, into his arms. His whole body fell heavily into the bushes.
"Boom!"
Falling from such a height, Luo Zheng's body was actually fine.
However, the Yang Soul was much weaker than the physical body. Luo Zheng fell with Feng Ge as if he was holding a piece of porcelain. Under the huge impact, if he was slightly careless, Feng Ge would probably die.
"Are you okay?" Luo Zheng asked with concern.
"I'm fine."

Chapter 2948
Overdraft
Luo Zheng looked up and said, "Let's get out of here quickly …"
Since the black monkeys had chosen to break the bridge, there was no reason for them not to chase them down the mountain stream.
"Okay, I'll listen to you." Feng Ge nodded.
Then, she felt her hand being pulled by Luo Zheng, and they began to speed forward.
At this moment, a strange thought flashed through Feng Ge's mind. She suddenly realized that her personality had changed!
In the Mother World, Feng Ge was a man of his word. Among all the peers in the Heavenly Palace, no matter who stood in front of him, they would feel half a head shorter than him. Even Ye Shang, Chou Xun, and the others felt uncomfortable when facing him.
However, after entering the Temple of Boundless Heaven, Feng Ge had suffered two or three setbacks along the way, which had dealt a great blow to his confidence.
After staying in the wooden house for a few days, he was on tenterhooks every day. Gradually, he began to blindly follow Luo Zheng!
Alright, I'll listen to you …
Such words were not something that she could say!
Luo Zheng didn't know what Feng Ge was thinking. He just wanted to get rid of those black monkeys.
While he was running along the river in the mountain stream, long pincers suddenly stretched out from the sand beside the river. After these pincers stretched out from the sand, they went straight for Luo Zheng's head.
"Since when did these shrimp soldiers and crab generals dare to find trouble with me …"
Luo Zheng frowned.
Although these prawns and crabs were also creatures of the Dark Realm, Luo Zheng still didn't put them in his eyes.
One of his hands was as fast as lightning. He grabbed one of the pincers and pulled out the main body that was hiding in the mud. Then, he smashed the main body onto the ground.
It was indeed a basin-sized crab. Its entire body was black, and there were strange white patterns on its shell.
The crab still wanted to raise its pincers to resist, but Luo Zheng stepped on its shell while running, directly crushing it into pieces.
"Plop, plop …"
Boom!
At this moment, the sound of something falling came from the mountain stream behind them. It was the sound of the black monkeys jumping down the mountain stream. Some landed on the ground while others landed in the river.
"Ga ga …"
"Gegezhi!"
The physical bodies of these black monkeys were obviously extremely strong. After jumping down from above, they were still vigorous and lively. They lived in the Dark Domain all year round, so both their vision and sense of smell were exceptionally keen. They instantly discovered Luo Zheng who was running.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything and continued to run along the mountain stream without thinking.
As for where the end of the mountain stream led to, Luo Zheng had no way to tell.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
A group of black monkeys chased after Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, making a lot of noise.
These black monkeys were famous in the Dark Zone. They hid in the rivers, on the mountain walls, and in the bushes. None of the creatures in the Dark Zone dared to show their faces. The intelligent creatures in the Dark Zone could only sigh when they saw Luo Zheng running away. They didn't know how Luo Zheng had offended those black monkeys …
"Creak!"
The black monkey at the front suddenly jumped up and grabbed a tree trunk protruding from the mountain wall. With a sudden swing, the monkey turned into a flying bat and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng felt the movement above him and was slightly stunned. He lifted Feng Ge up with one hand and said, "Don't be afraid!" Then, he suddenly threw Feng Ge forward.
At the same time, the power of his fists burst forth.
Under the flow of the Shen Jun Force, Luo Zheng's physical body became full and full of power.
His strength might not be comparable to the Three-eyed Boy's, but if he were to face a black monkey alone …
"Squeak!"
When the black monkey saw Luo Zheng's actions, a scornful smile appeared on its monkey-like face.
It was afraid that Luo Zheng would keep running away, so it pounced with all its strength to cut off his escape route. Unexpectedly, not only did this human not run away, but he also came to meet it.
Did he want to die?
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng collided with the black monkey in midair.
These black monkeys were not as strong as the Three-eyed Boy, but they were still not to be underestimated.
Under the collision of man and monkey, Luo Zheng felt all the bones in his body shift …
Even in the Mother World, Luo Zheng rarely encountered such a strong opponent, but it seemed to be very common in the Tenebrous Domain.
"Swish!"
Under the huge impact, the black monkey's body was bounced back and crashed into the mountain wall. Luo Zheng bounced forward and caught the slowly descending Feng Ge. Then, he fled forward at an even faster speed.
"Ga ga!"
The black monkey clung to a tree root outside the mountain wall with one hand and gritted its teeth. It flew along the tree root and tree trunk on the mountain wall and chased after Luo Zheng again.
Luo Zheng rushed along the mountain stream for dozens of miles. The black monkeys also chased for dozens of miles. From the looks of it, they would not give up until they caught him.
As Luo Zheng fled, he was faintly worried.
On the one hand, he was afraid that he had chosen the wrong direction.
These black monkeys were social creatures. If he rushed to their nest along the mountain stream, it would be troublesome. It would be suicidal.
However, this was a matter of luck. Luo Zheng's luck had always been good, so he did not have to worry about it for now.
On the other hand, it was his stamina.
As he fled, he used more of the Strength God Totem's Paramita Power in addition to the physical strength of his body!
After the power of the Paramita token was consumed, it would slowly increase, but the rate of increase was extremely limited.
If he wanted to quickly replenish the Paramita Power, he naturally needed Divine Gems.
If Luo Zheng could leave the Paramita, replenishing the Divine Gems would be a piece of cake.
However, after entering the Temple of Mi Tian, Luo Zheng would not have this opportunity.
Over the past few days, Luo Zheng had been constantly using up his Paramita power. Running at such a high speed was depleting his Paramita power even faster. Once the Paramita power of the Mighty God Totem was exhausted, he would not be able to fight against these black monkeys.
After rushing along the mountain stream for more than ten miles, the sides of the mountain stream gradually narrowed.
From a few hundred feet wide mountain stream, it slowly narrowed to five hundred feet, then three hundred feet, ten feet …
When the sides of the mountain stream became ten feet wide, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge suddenly felt a little suppressed. It was as if they would be squeezed into the middle if they tried to dodge.
"Squeak squeak squeak squeak …"
An even stranger scene appeared. The black monkeys that were chasing after them suddenly stopped in their tracks. They did not dare to enter the narrow mountain stream. They just stood outside and chattered non-stop.
"Luo Zheng, they don't dare to come in," said Feng Ge.
"It's a good thing," replied Luo Zheng.
"They must be afraid of something. If we continue on this narrow path, I'm afraid there's something bad," said Feng Ge worriedly.
"I know," Luo Zheng shrugged, then gently put Feng Ge down.
"If you know, then why are you still running inside? You're going to kill … "

Chapter 2949
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Mountain Stream Impasse
For so many days, Luo Zheng had been using up his Paramita Power. Just now, he had run all the way with Feng Ge and was almost at the bottom.
In the last part of the journey, Luo Zheng had been constantly using up the Strength Totem and even the Paramita Power in his Mind's Eye. After both had been used up, he started to use up his physical strength …
In the end, even his physical strength was used up. Luo Zheng's body was like an empty bottle. With all his strength exhausted, he fell straight to the ground.
Feng Ge was only halfway through his sentence when he saw Luo Zheng in such a state. He was shocked.
"Luo Zheng, what's wrong with you …" Feng Ge asked anxiously.
Luo Zheng rarely saw such a weak and powerless state.
Although he had no strength, his brain was still functioning. Luo Zheng replied, "I'm fine. I'm just out of strength …"
"Out of strength?" Feng Ge did not expect this to happen. "How can you be out of strength?!"
In theory, after reaching the True God Realm, it was impossible for one's strength to be exhausted.
When the Paramita Power was used up, one could use the Tao Connotation of the Shinto Dao. When the Tao Connotation was used up, one could use the Vital Core to transform it. If one wanted to use Vital Core, then the Inner World would most likely collapse.
Luo Zheng's current situation was a little special. After he crazily used up the Paramita Power of the Paramita Tokens, both of them were in a state of severe overdraft. In this state, the Paramita Tokens would ask for energy from Luo Zheng, forming a unique siphon effect.
Two huge whirlpools lay across the exit of the Inner World. Luo Zheng could not use the Tao Connotation or Vital Core through the Inner World.
In his exhaustion, Luo Zheng found it difficult to speak. Naturally, he was too lazy to explain so much to Feng Ge.
The black monkeys that did not dare to come in from afar also saw the scene of Luo Zheng collapsing.
Following this increasingly narrow mountain stream was a dangerous place. Even the powerful black monkeys did not dare to barge in.
However, Luo Zheng was still at the edge of the danger zone.
They had originally planned to give up, but when they saw Luo Zheng lying on the ground, unable to move, they suddenly had another idea.
He just needed to take a few steps into this dangerous place and grab Luo Zheng. It would be fine as long as he didn't wake up that big guy in the dangerous place …
"Ga ga!"
"Creak!"
The black monkeys discussed among themselves for a while. Then, three of them tiptoed into the room.
They were afraid of disturbing something in the depths of the mountain stream, so they tiptoed lightly.
"Don't worry. I just need to rest for a while," Luo Zheng comforted her.
The recovery of the power of the Nirvana Realm Token might take a long time, but it wouldn't take long for the power of his physical body to recover. Although that little bit of power wouldn't allow him to walk as fast as flying, it shouldn't be too much of a problem for him to move and walk.
"I want you to rest, but I'm afraid those black monkeys won't agree," Feng Ge said bitterly as he looked at the three black monkeys not far away.
Luo Zheng was shocked. He asked, "They came in? Didn't you say they didn't dare to come in? "
"Maybe our position isn't deep enough …" Feng Ge shook his head and said, "So there are three of them who aren't afraid of death …"
"That's troublesome." Luo Zheng smiled bitterly. He really didn't have a good idea now.
Feng Ge's eyes flashed with a golden light. A survival instinct emerged from the depths of her heart.
She was able to survive until now in the dark domain completely because of Luo Zheng's protection. Feng Ge felt that it was time to rely on her now!
"It's no trouble!"
Feng Ge grabbed Luo Zheng. His soul aura burst out, and he began to pull Luo Zheng into the narrow mountain stream.
Luo Zheng's body weight was nothing to Feng Ge in the mother world.
However, it was different on the other side. Feng Ge could only use the power of the Yang Soul to drag Luo Zheng. Naturally, it was very strenuous.
"Sha sha sha …"
Luo Zheng's body was dragged on the ground. From the angle of lying on the ground, he could see Feng Ge's entire body clearly.
Although he couldn't see the expression on her face, Feng Ge's Yang Soul was trembling all the time. This meant that she was also going all out!
"Leave me here and go in by yourself. The black monkeys shouldn't dare to chase you," Luo Zheng persuaded.
"They don't dare to chase us in, uh …" Feng Ge gritted his teeth and continued, "They don't dare to come in because there are dangers hidden at the end of the mountain stream. If you are taken away and I'm left here alone, I … will definitely die."
"But I can't protect you in my current state," Luo Zheng said helplessly.
Feng Ge didn't say anything else. He dragged Luo Zheng into the depths of the mountain stream.
The three black monkeys that chased in didn't expect Feng Ge to drag Luo Zheng away. At first, they were tiptoeing and careful. Naturally, their speed was extremely slow. At this rate, they probably wouldn't be able to catch up to Feng Ge.
"Squeak?"
"Squeak squeak!"
The three black monkeys discussed in a low voice. Their monkey faces revealed an expression that said they were going all out.
If they went all out, they would be able to catch up to Luo Zheng in two or three breaths of time!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh!"
The three black monkeys suddenly sped up and flew over.
Feng Ge was also shocked when he saw the black monkeys rushing over.
With her Yang Soul Body, she couldn't even fight against those relatively weak monkey monsters, let alone these black monkeys that were more than ten feet tall!
However, at this moment, Feng Ge didn't have any thoughts of escaping. His cold eyes were wide open. Golden divine flames appeared on the surface of his body and turned into golden whips that lashed at the black monkeys.
This soul attack was considered an extremely powerful technique in the 13 Heavens of the Nirvana Realm. Only the best of those super forces could withstand it.
However, in the eyes of the black monkeys, this attack was ridiculously weak. Even if they let Feng Ge attack without restraint, it would be difficult to hurt them.
Before Feng Ge's golden whips could reach the black monkeys, the three black monkeys suddenly screamed. It was as if these golden whips were shackles that claimed their lives. Their faces were full of fear. They turned around and ran away in unison.
"Ah?"
This time, it was Feng Ge's turn to be stunned. She never thought that these black monkeys would run away. Could it be that the Golden Crow Divine Flame was the nemesis of these black monkeys?
Just as Feng Ge was puzzled, black, brown, and gray tentacles spread out from behind her. These tentacles almost occupied all the space in the mountain stream. There were hundreds and thousands of them!
"Hualala …"
All the tentacles wriggled like flowing black water. They quickly spread over Feng Ge and twisted towards the black monkeys.
The three black monkeys were running fast, but they weren't faster than those tentacles.
"Cluck!"
"Squeak, squeak, squeak …"
"Gagaga!"
After being entangled by the tentacles, they were dragged into the depths of the mountain stream. Only sharp screams echoed in the narrow mountain stream.
Feng Ge stood motionless on the spot. His entire body was petrified.

Chapter 2950
Within the range of sunlight.
The occasional breeze passing through the mountain stream brought with it a hint of warmth. Feng Ge felt as if she had fallen into a ten-thousand-year-old ice cellar.
She leaned against Luo Zheng, her Yang Soul trembling slightly. She gazed into the depths of the mountain stream and said, "Luo Zheng … what was that just now?"
"I don't know what it was," Luo Zheng replied.
"Then … why didn't it take us away?" Feng Ge asked again.
Her usually cold voice trembled slightly. Even when they were in danger on the wooden bridge, Feng Ge had not revealed such emotions. Luo Zheng felt a trace of pity when he heard this. This time, he had really scared this child.
"I don't know either. Maybe it didn't care about us," Luo Zheng said.
In this kind of situation, there was no other choice but to resign themselves to fate. Luo Zheng's state of mind calmed down, but Feng Ge, who had encountered this kind of situation for the first time, was somewhat at a loss.
"Let's leave here," Feng Ge said again. She did not want to stay here for even a moment longer.
"Where are those black monkeys outside? Have they left? "Luo Zheng asked.
Feng Ge sized them up, then shook her head dispiritedly. "They're still guarding there …"
"Then it's settled."
As Luo Zheng spoke, he struggled to get up from the ground.
After a short rest, his strength had recovered slightly. At least he could support himself to sit up.
"You're better?" Feng Ge asked in surprise.
Seeing Luo Zheng collapse, Feng Ge was really out of her wits. Although Luo Zheng struggled to get up, she faintly felt a glimmer of hope.
She looked cold and independent, but deep down, she was extremely dependent on others. It was just that in the Heavenly Palace, it was very difficult for her to show this attitude.
"Can you … help me up?" Luo Zheng said helplessly.
Feng Ge hurriedly went up to help him up.
Luo Zheng turned his head and looked around the mountain stream. Then, he moved to the side of the mountain wall and sat down.
The situation was not as bad as Feng Ge had described. No matter what the monster was, it was good news that it did not attack them.
Those black monkeys were very stubborn and kept guarding outside.
Six to eight hours later, Luo Zheng could feel his surroundings gradually turning dark. The effects of the Fruit of Darkness were beginning to fade away.
Although Luo Zheng had tested the duration of the Fruit of Darkness and found that it could last for 14 hours, the duration of each fruit was both long and short.
To be on the safe side, he asked Feng Ge to take out two fruits, one for each of them to swallow. The originally dark world gradually regained a trace of light.
"How many Fruits of Darkness are left?" Luo Zheng asked.
Feng Ge's spatial ring shimmered with a faint light. She counted and said, "There are 14 more."
"Fourteen …"
According to the longest duration, if he and Feng Ge each took seven, it would only last for 48 hours, which was a little more than four days.
If they could not find the black and white tree in four days, they would be swallowed by the darkness. The final outcome was obvious.
Seeing that the black monkeys were very patient, waiting was not a solution.
Luo Zheng slowly stood up and said, "Let's go in and take a look."
"Go in?" Feng Ge's eyes widened.
Recalling the cold touch of those tentacles, Feng Ge could not help but shiver.
"Staying here is just waiting for death," Luo Zheng said.
Feng Ge wanted to say something, but in the end, she chose to remain silent. Luo Zheng's words made sense. She was not willing to die in the Dark Domain. Perhaps the monster was not as scary as she thought.
Luo Zheng's strength had recovered. It was not a big problem for him to walk normally.
The two walked into the depths of the mountain stream, one in front and one behind.
The two sides of the mountain stream continued to narrow. Originally, it was only about ten feet wide, but after walking for a while, the width of the mountain stream continued to narrow until it was only one or two feet wide. It was practically a stone crevice. Luo Zheng and Feng Ge could only walk sideways.
After passing through the narrow stone crevice for a few miles, the road ahead suddenly opened up. The two of them looked around and their faces were filled with surprise.
The mountain walls on both sides of the stone crack had been chiseled and carved with all kinds of murals. If one looked carefully, these murals were actually huge Sanskrit characters!
Looking at the Sanskrit characters, there was a triangular cave in the mountain wall. Black tentacles extended from the cave and hung on the ground from above.
"Those tentacles …" Feng Ge was shocked when she saw the tentacles.
"Hua hua hua …"
Feng Ge's movement attracted the tentacles' attention.
All the tentacles quickly danced and rushed toward Feng Ge and Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng grabbed Feng Ge and covered her mouth. At the same time, the two of them crawled on the ground.
The tentacles swept over their heads and kept sweeping the space around them. A few tentacles kept probing Feng Ge and Luo Zheng. In the end, they found nothing and slowly retracted back into the triangular cave.
If Feng Ge entered the Nirvana Realm with her physical body, she would have goosebumps under the tentacles' probing.
However, she seemed to have understood a little now. Her eyes were bright and she wanted to tell Luo Zheng what she had observed. However, Luo Zheng made a shushing gesture, indicating that he knew very well.
These tentacles could not see the two of them.
The black monkey was a creature of the Dark Realm. The tentacles were also creatures of the Dark Realm. They were the same kind of creatures, so the tentacles could detect their existence very keenly.
However, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge came from outside the Dark Realm. Their form was fundamentally different from the creatures of the Dark Realm.
The two of them had swallowed the Fruit of Darkness and could merge into the Dark Realm. However, the energy of the Fruit of Darkness had been absorbed by the two of them, so the energy that escaped was very little.
Perhaps the tentacles had sensed something, but there was no way to confirm it.
Luo Zheng patted Feng Ge's shoulder and encouraged her to continue moving forward. As long as she did not make any noise, they should be safe.
After walking for a while, Luo Zheng found that there was more than one triangular cave.
Every fifty to sixty feet, there would be a triangular cave, from which countless tentacles could be seen hanging down. It was unknown what kind of creature was lying in these caves. From the outside, one could not see anything except for the messy pile of tentacles.
Just as Luo Zheng was carefully observing the mountain wall, Feng Ge pointed ahead.
They had reached the end. It was a circular valley.
The walls of the valley were also engraved with huge Sanskrit characters. The mountain wall was covered with densely packed triangular caves. There were many tentacle monsters stuffed in them.
However, Luo Zheng's gaze was fixed on the center of the valley. The darkness suddenly stopped there!
A soft ray of sunlight pierced through the sky like a sharp sword. The light covered an area of about 10 feet, bathing a tombstone.

Chapter 2951
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Land of Shelter
These days, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge had been living under the candlelight.
Compared to the absolute darkness of the Dark Domain, the candlelight was naturally very bright. However, it was not on the same level as the sunlight outside the Dark Domain.
After they swallowed the Fruit of Darkness, they became more accustomed to the Dark Domain and could see things in absolute darkness.
They were once accustomed to the darkness and blended into it. When they saw the real light again, it was so dazzling!
Feng Ge's eyes were wide open. She came to the same conclusion as Luo Zheng, but she did not dare to speak. She could not help but lean against Luo Zheng's shoulder and whisper, "Is that outside the Dark Domain?"
Inside the Dark Domain and the Temple, one could not leave the Nirvana Shore. Apart from these two places, one could leave.
Feng Ge had been trapped for these days. Naturally, she wanted to leave very much.
It would be best if she could get out of here …
However, according to the rules of the Nirvana Shore, she had to enter from where she left. The next time she returned to the Nirvana Shore, she would still be trapped here.
The tentacles that drilled into those triangular caves were extremely sensitive. These tentacles did not have eyes and used their perception energy to capture prey. Luo Zheng and Feng Ge also contained energy. However, they were not creatures of the Dark Domain. Naturally, the tentacles could not detect them.
However, under Feng Ge's whisper, the tentacles suddenly reacted.
"Hualala …"
Thousands of tentacles circled around the valley like a dark brown storm.
Seeing this, Feng Ge immediately chose to shut up.
Luo Zheng was much calmer. Some things were not so scary as long as they understood the rules.
He gently pulled Feng Ge and walked to the side.
The storm of tentacles quickly gathered at the place where Feng Ge spoke. They stirred until they found nothing and retreated back into the triangular caves.
"Isn't it fun?" Luo Zheng asked Feng Ge with a smile.
Feng Ge felt uncomfortable looking at these tentacles. How would he dare to provoke them? However, as soon as Luo Zheng spoke, the tentacles rushed out again.
"You, you, you …"
Feng Ge wanted to tell Luo Zheng to shut up, but he didn't dare to make a sound. He could only follow Luo Zheng to dodge to the side again. Those tentacles wreaked havoc in the valley like a whirlwind and then retracted back …
During this process, Luo Zheng also carefully observed the surrounding movements.
With the existence of these tentacles, there shouldn't be any other Dark Realm creatures in this valley. They should be able to safely enter the pillar of light.
However, there was no guarantee that there were no other mechanisms in the light pillar.
Without much hesitation, Luo Zheng walked towards the light pillar. As he got closer and closer, the scene in the light pillar became clearer and clearer.
The tombstone was made of copper, and seven stars were drawn on its surface. Below the stars was a row of strange words. These words were not Sanskrit, but were probably the words of a unique civilization.
Behind the tombstone, there was a small grave. The grave was not big, only five or six feet wide. Some emerald green weeds and small flowers grew on top of the grave.
When Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were only six or seven feet away from the grave, a purple halo suddenly appeared on the ground. Of course, the halo that appeared in the Dark Realm also looked very dim!
"Buzz …"
After the halo appeared, it suddenly emitted a sharp sound, like a kind of alarm, which resounded throughout the valley.
Cracks suddenly bloomed at the bottom of the triangular caves. As the cracks collapsed, small round doors appeared. Groups of monsters half the height of a human crawled out from the doors.
These monsters walked upright on their legs. They had pig faces and held black spears in their hands.
"Who trespassed into our Holy Tomb!"
"Catch them!"
"Don't let them get close to the Holy Tomb!"
These pig-faced monsters roared in human language and rushed towards Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
Apart from that, the tentacles moved once again!
These tentacles originally could not detect the existence of Feng Ge and Luo Zheng, but after these pig-faced monsters appeared, the situation changed.
The pig-faced monsters and the tentacles were originally associated creatures. When the two of them relied on each other, the pig-faced monsters could act as the tentacles' eyes!
"Oh no!"
Luo Zheng was also anxious at this moment.
He did not expect such a group of monsters to be hidden in the walls of the valley.
In a short time, he and Feng Ge could not leave the valley. There was no way out now.
"Let's rush in," Luo Zheng said.
Feng Ge looked at the tentacles rushing out again. She did not know how irritated she was, but the experience of these days had made her understand that complaining was meaningless.
"Go!"
Feng Ge nodded and replied. At the same time, she sounded like she was about to cry.
Luo Zheng had only recovered some of his physical strength. He could not increase his speed at all. He could only stagger behind Feng Ge.
The tens of thousands of tentacles were like a layer of black clouds. The speed at which they spread was extremely fast!
Not only the tentacles, but the pig-faced monsters were also not slow. Some of the pig-faced monsters had already thrown the spears in their hands at the two of them.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The black spears were like a swarm of flying locusts. They flew towards Feng Ge and Luo Zheng to cover them.
The two of them were very close to the Holy Tomb. The distance of sixty to seventy Zhang could be crossed in just a few breaths.
Just as the black spears and tentacles were only a few feet away from Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng threw all of his strength forward and pushed Feng Ge into the pillar of light. He also rolled inside, looking as miserable as possible.
"Hiss hiss hiss hiss hiss …"
A series of ear-piercing sounds rang out behind Luo Zheng.
The tentacles frantically rushed into the pillar of light. However, as creatures of the dark realm, they could not touch the light. All of the tentacles that rushed in were turned into ashes. Wisps of black smoke emitted a pungent smell that rushed into Luo Zheng's nose. The smell was as if tens of thousands of suckling pigs had been roasted …
The tentacles were not the only thing that disappeared in the light. The black spears that the pig-faced monsters had also disappeared.
Feng Ge sat on the inner side of the pillar of light. Her body could not help but tremble. She was not used to the feeling of brushing shoulders with death.
"Hiss hiss hiss …"
The tentacles did not seem to believe in superstition. They still rushed into the pillar of light mindlessly.
Some of the thicker tentacles that rushed in were not burned by the light. They landed on the ground and Luo Zheng's body and kept bouncing. They were like barbecued meat on a metal plate. They quickly turned into a black lump and emitted a burnt smell. Finally, they were completely eliminated.
The pig-faced monsters also rushed out of the pillar of light. They stood in the darkness and kept roaring and cursing. They even stabbed their black spears into the pillar of light.
"Get out of here!"
"What are you doing hiding in there!"
"I will make sure you die without a burial place!"

Chapter 2952
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Temporary Return
The tentacles seemed to have gone crazy and attacked for quite a while before stopping.
Under the devouring of the light, all the creatures in the dark realm died.
Even if these tentacles could be regenerated, it would be too costly.
"The creatures in the dark realm … are more fragile than I thought," Luo Zheng said.
There were two kinds of fruits on the black and white tree. After swallowing the Fruit of Darkness, Luo Zheng and the others could adapt to the environment in the dark realm.
Logically speaking, the creatures in the dark realm should be able to adapt to the world outside the dark realm after swallowing the Fruit of Light.
However, both the three-eyed boy and the giant ape had only adapted to the candlelight and were still unable to leave the dark realm.
"If they weren't afraid of this light, the Paramita would have been the world of the creatures in the dark realm long ago," Feng Ge suddenly said.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and nodded. "That's true."
The creatures in the Paramita were originally much stronger than the Yang souls, and the creatures in the dark realm were far stronger. If they could move freely in the Paramita, the Yang souls in the mother world would never be able to come to the Paramita.
"I just don't know what this pillar of light is …" Luo Zheng looked up at the sky.
The sky was pitch-black all around, except for a ray of light that fell from above, forming a strange light hole.
If they hadn't seen it with their own eyes, it would have been hard for anyone to believe that there was such a place in the dark realm.
"I just want to know if we can leave the Paramita from here …" Feng Ge said.
Then Feng Ge's lips moved slightly, and he cast the Illusion Breaking Spell.
"Buzz …"
Her Yang soul gradually began to dissipate, and the Illusion Breaking Spell broke the illusion of the Paramita. The moment before it disappeared, Feng Ge's originally gloomy mood was swept away. He gave Luo Zheng a slightly cold smile and then disappeared completely, even though Luo Zheng couldn't see this smile at all.
"It really left." Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
Luo Zheng's Paramita tokens were in a weakened state, and he was eager to replenish his Paramita power. Being able to leave the Paramita was indeed good news for him.
At this moment, the pig-faced monsters surrounding the light pillar opened up a path.
A dark green pig-faced monster walked towards Luo Zheng and stopped outside the light pillar.
As the pig-faced monster raised its hand, the cursing quieted down.
"Friend from outside the Dark Domain," the dark green pig-faced monster said politely.
Previously, Luo Zheng had turned a deaf ear to these cursing monsters. He was too lazy to pay attention to them.
But since this pig-faced monster chose to communicate, Luo Zheng's attitude was naturally different.
Although it was safe inside the light pillar, he and Feng Ge couldn't be trapped here forever. They had to find a way to leave. Now that Feng Ge had returned to the Heavenly Palace first, Luo Zheng naturally had to think of a way.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng smiled.
"Can you come out of the Holy Tomb?" the dark green pig-faced monster asked.
"No," Luo Zheng answered.
This pig-faced monster didn't seem to be very smart. Under such circumstances, he would definitely die if he came out of the light pillar. Luo Zheng wasn't an idiot.
"This is our Holy Tomb. It's a pure place that can't be tainted. You've violated our taboo," the dark green pig-faced monster said again.
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes. The reason he and Feng Ge escaped here was that the black monkey had forced them into a corner. What was the point of this round of criticism now? He could only say helplessly, "Then what do you think we should do?"
"Can you come out from the Saint's Tomb?" the pig-faced monster repeated its question.
Luo Zheng looked at it helplessly. Although these guys could speak human language, their intelligence wasn't very high.
He finally shrugged. "Then … Goodbye."
Then he also cast the Illusion Breaking Spell. His figure became blurry and gradually disappeared in the light pillar.
As he disappeared, the pig-faced monsters surrounding the light pillar began to curse again. Even the leading cyan pig-faced monster was cursing, asking Luo Zheng to come out and face his death.
…
…
In the Taishi Palace.
A huge magic array was shining with a faint golden light.
Golden flames were constantly flowing in it, releasing terrifying energy.
The person in charge of this magic array was Concubine Yan.
Below Concubine Yan stood three old men. These three old men were all cultivators of the Taishi Palace. They were also well-known figures in the Heavenly Palace.
"Concubine Yan, we've tried three times, but we've failed. His Highness Feng Ge can't leave the other side. We can't pull him out by force, unless he happens to go to a place where the power is weak …" one of the old men said.
There were some methods in the Mother World that could forcibly pull people out of the other side. For example, methods like Soul-entangling Silk could trap people on the other side, but they could still be forcibly pulled out by external forces.
However, the power of the temple and the dark realm was too strong. Even though Concubine Yan had set up a magic array, she still couldn't wake Feng Ge up.
"Contribute all your soul power," Concubine Yan said. Her face showed a trace of determination.
Although so much time had passed and Feng Ge had been lucky to survive, her reaction was definitely not a good sign.
As soon as Concubine Yan's voice fell, Feng Ge, who was sitting in the center of the magic array, trembled slightly. Fear appeared on his cold and beautiful face. His body kept trembling, and he even made a faint whimpering sound.
That was the reaction of the Yang Soul's fear transmitted to the physical body. God knew what her daughter was going through. Concubine Yan's heart ached when she saw this.
"It's not a big problem if we contribute our soul power, but the soul power is too strong. I'm afraid Prince Feng Ge's soul can't bear it," another old man said, shaking his head.
If they continued to strengthen their soul power, Feng Ge's soul would be torn apart.
"How do you know if you don't try? Look at her now. I'm afraid she will die on the other side at any time … "Concubine Yan said, gritting her teeth.
After the only two disciples of the Heavenly Palace returned, they immediately reported to Concubine Yan about the dark realm. Concubine Yan knew how dangerous the dark realm was and didn't want her daughter to stay there for a moment.
Under Concubine Yan's strong request, the three old men could only obey. The huge magic array began to operate again. Concubine Yan also took out the Golden Crow Divine Fire to control the magic array.
But at this moment, Feng Ge suddenly opened her eyes.
She looked at the surrounding environment and looked a little confused. She stared at Concubine Yan and asked, "Mother?"
Concubine Yan was originally concentrating on controlling the magic array. When she heard her daughter's voice, her body trembled. She stepped on the magic array and stepped in front of Feng Ge. She hugged Feng Ge tightly.
"I'm sorry, Mother," Feng Ge said.
Hearing Feng Ge's apology, Concubine Yan was even more emotional.
The relationship between mother and daughter was not very good. Feng Ge always looked cold when she saw Concubine Yan. Sometimes she would even mock and ridicule her. Concubine Yan had always felt sorry for her daughter.

Chapter 2953
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Awakening
"It's okay, as long as you're okay!" Concubine Yan said softly as she hugged her daughter.
No matter what, her beloved daughter had returned safely.
Feng Ge's eyelashes trembled, and a bitter smile appeared on his face. "It's not that simple …"
"What's not that simple?" Concubine Yan didn't understand Feng Ge's words. She held Feng Ge with both hands and looked him up and down. She was afraid that Feng Ge's soul had been hurt, but after looking at Feng Ge, she found that he was fine.
"I'm still in the Tenebrous Realm," Feng Ge said.
The three old men exchanged a look when they heard Feng Ge's words. One of them interrupted, "His Highness Feng Ge is still in the Tenebrous Realm! Then how did you leave? "
It was possible to enter the Tenebrous Realm through some special means. Although these methods were rare, only a few people in the Heavenly Palace knew about them, especially experts at Concubine Yan's level. Although the Tenebrous Realm was mysterious, they knew about it.
Concubine Yan also looked at her daughter in surprise. She couldn't imagine how her daughter could leave the Nirvana Realm in the Tenebrous Realm.
Feng Ge glanced at the three old men and said, "Uncle Wen, Uncle Li, Uncle Xian, can I be alone with my mother?"
Although the three old men were born in the Taishi Palace, there were some things that Feng Ge didn't want people other than his mother to know.
"His Highness Feng Ge has finally returned from the Nirvana Realm. Please rest more," Uncle Wen said.
"If there are any problems that can't be solved, don't forget Uncle Li …"
"…"
After the three old men said their goodbyes, only Feng Ge and Concubine Yan were left in the huge palace.
Feng Ge then told Concubine Yan about what happened in the Tenebrous Realm.
Concubine Yan already knew about entering the Temple of Heaven and the wooden house. The disciples of the Taishi Palace had already reported it in detail, but Concubine Yan knew nothing about what happened after Lingshuang, Chou Xun, and the others left.
"Has that physical body been protecting you in the Dark Zone?" Concubine Yan asked.
When Concubine Yan mentioned it, Luo Zheng's face appeared in Feng Ge's mind. However, the face was a little blurry. After all, Feng Ge and Luo Zheng had only met twice in the Heavenly Palace. They had spent much more time together in the Nirvana Realm.
Feng Ge nodded and said, "Mother, do you know who that body is?"
Only Qiu Yinhe and the others knew about Luo Zheng's secret. Concubine Yan didn't know.
"Who is it? Are you a disciple of our Heavenly Palace? "
That physical body helped Greater One Heavenly Palace so much, it was most likely a disciple of a Heavenly Palace, but Concubine Yan couldn't guess the specific identity.
"It's Luo Zheng," said Feng Ge.
A golden light flashed in Concubine Yan's beautiful eyes under her willowy eyebrows.
This news was both unexpected and expected for Concubine Yan.
When Luo Zheng first broke into Tai Yi Palace, Concubine Yan felt that this young man was not simple. Later, when he fought with Feng Ge, he firmly suppressed Feng Ge. Moreover, the Nirvana token Luo Zheng used was only of the strengthening type, and it was also the most ordinary kind of Nirvana token.
There were many outstanding disciples in the Heavenly Palace, but in Concubine Yan's eyes, none of them were worthy of her daughter. However, Luo Zheng was an exception.
Hearing this news, Concubine Yan was actually a little happy. She suddenly asked worriedly, "Since you're back, does that mean Luo Zheng is also back?"
"He should be." Feng Ge nodded. "Mother, listen to me …"
He told her everything he saw and heard in the Dark Zone. When he mentioned the "light hole" in the Dark Zone, Concubine Yan's eyebrows suddenly rose. She seemed to have thought of something, but didn't say it.
"We were able to leave the Nirvana Realm after entering the light hole. If we return again, we will still be trapped in the light hole," Feng Ge said helplessly.
This situation was similar to being trapped in the whirlpool of the Sea of True Meaning. The Sun Soul was trapped somewhere on the Nirvana Realm, and it would be difficult for his cultivation to increase in the future …
Feng Ge also knew that even if he asked his mother for help, it would not make much sense.
It was very difficult for the Sun Soul in the Upper Heaven to enter the Lower Heaven. Even if he did come, he would be doomed after entering the Dark Zone.
Concubine Yan's face was full of caution. Then she said, "I want to see Luo Zheng."
"Okay," Feng Ge immediately agreed.
Concubine Yan looked at Feng Ge in surprise. At this moment, Concubine Yan suddenly felt that her daughter had completely changed.
As Concubine Yan's daughter, Feng Ge certainly understood the meaning in his mother's eyes. His expressionless face blushed slightly, and his expression became unnatural. At the same time, he explained, "I just want to discuss with him how to get out of this predicament."
"Mother also has the same plan. Why are you so shy?" Concubine Yan laughed.
Feng Ge was even more embarrassed. Her cherry lips trembled, and a layer of frost covered her face again. She simply did not say a word.
…
…
Although Ning Yudie had never been to the Nirvana Realm, it was hard for her to imagine what kind of existence it was.
But every time Ling Shuang came, she would always ask a few more questions about what was going on in the Nirvana Realm.
Ling Shuang understood this woman's worries, so she patiently answered every time.
After such a big incident in the Temple of Heaven, the impact on the Ear Mouse Clan was not small. In the short term, the Ear Mouse did not intend to open the Temple of Heaven. These days, the 13 Heavens of the Nirvana Realm were very peaceful.
This time, when Ning Yudie asked again, Ling Shuang's face showed a trace of worry. She only said, "The candlelight has gone out …"
Standing at the door of the Temple of Heaven, Ling Shuang could see the three wooden houses and the light belt that stretched to the front of the wooden houses. This light belt was naturally the wooden bridge.
Two hours ago, Ling Shuang returned to the Nirvana Realm to investigate again. She found that the light belt and the wooden houses had disappeared.
There was only one possibility, and that was that the candlelight had gone out.
Without the illumination of the candlelight, both the Yang Soul and the physical body would be swallowed by the darkness. The outcome could be imagined.
Ling Shuang hurriedly left the Nirvana Realm and rushed over from Mount Taiyi.
She and Ning Yudie went up to the second floor and investigated. They found that Luo Zheng was sitting in the same place, breathing evenly. Everything was fine. The two women were slightly relieved.
Although they did not know what had happened in the dark domain, Luo Zheng was still alive. This was the best news.
This time, Xi Youqin did not mock and ridicule Ling Shuang when she came.
Luo Zheng had been trapped for so long. The worry in her heart grew day by day.
During this time, she sat at the end of the corridor on the second floor without saying a word. From time to time, she would glance into the house, hoping that Luo Zheng would wake up.
"I didn't expect the cultivation method of the Nirvana Realm to be so sinister," Ning Yudie sighed.
Ning Yudie thought that there was a risk of Qigong Deviation in the cultivation method and supernatural powers. However, compared to the Nirvana Realm, it was nothing.
"Strictly speaking, entering the Nirvana Realm is not considered cultivation. It is simply an adventure," Ling Shuang explained. "Since ancient times, countless geniuses have died in the Nirvana Realm."
Ning Yudie was not happy that Ling Shuang mentioned "death". She said, "My husband is blessed by the heavens. I believe that he will return safely."
At this moment, a voice suddenly came from the side. "What? You have so much confidence in your husband? "

Chapter 2954
Imperial Concubine Yan's Promise
Ever since Ling Shuang heard about Luo Zheng's predicament, Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin had been worried all the time.
Sometimes, Ning Yudie even envied Han Liusu and Xun for cultivating in the Taidi Palace and not paying attention to the outside world. At least they didn't have to worry about eating and sleeping.
Ning Yudie even regretted leaving Luo Zheng's Inner World and staying in the Immortal Mansion, not knowing anything about the outside world.
Hearing Luo Zheng's voice, all of these worries instantly melted away.
"Whoosh!"
Xi Youqin turned into a purple shadow and flew towards Luo Zheng.
Ning Yudie also threw herself into Luo Zheng's arms.
"Plop …"
Luo Zheng's physical strength was almost exhausted when he rushed into the light pillar.
Under the two women's attack, Luo Zheng suddenly fell to the ground.
They obviously didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so weak. Ning Yudie asked, "Husband, what's wrong with you …"
"I'm fine," Luo Zheng rubbed Ning Yudie's head and got up from the ground with a smile.
"You're so hungry that you don't have any strength?" Xi Youqin asked with concern.
"You're half right," Luo Zheng replied.
"Then …"
The two women chattered non-stop beside Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng also answered patiently, looking calm and serene.
Ling Shuang sat opposite Luo Zheng, as if she was an outsider. She seemed a little redundant.
During this period of time, she often came here and naturally understood the relationship between Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and Luo Zheng. From Xi Youqin, Ling Shuang also heard that Luo Zheng had three women cultivating in the Taidi Palace.
Although Ling Shuang didn't show anything, she was cursing Luo Zheng in her heart.
She didn't realize that this guy was so …
But seeing that Luo Zheng had woken up, Ling Shuang was also very excited. This guy was really not that easy to trap.
After Luo Zheng comforted him, he flipped his hand slightly and released the Divine Crystals from his Sumeru Ring. He then crushed the Divine Crystals and threw them into his dantian.
These Divine Crystals were like broken eggs. The energy contained within them leaked out and fell into Luo Zheng's internal world.
"Buzz …"
Luo Zheng's two Nirvana Realm tokens greedily absorbed the energy of the divine crystals. He had absorbed more than 100,000 divine crystals in a row. The energy of these divine crystals was absorbed by the tokens, and was continuously converted into Nirvana force.
After recovering more than half of his Paramita Force, Luo Zheng's movements slowed down. At the same time, he stared at Ling Shuang and said with a smile, "It seems that you have successfully left the Temple of Heaven!"
Luo Zheng was in the Dark Domain and naturally did not know the situation outside. He was also worried that Ling Shuang would be in danger when she left.
"Where is Feng Ge? Is he well? "Ling Shuang asked.
Other than Luo Zheng, Feng Ge was also left behind by the Three-eyed Boy.
Sometimes, when she thought of this, Ling Shuang would rather be left behind by the Three-eyed Boy.
"He was trapped in that damned place with me," Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders.
"You and Feng Ge were still trapped? Then how did you leave? "Ling Shuang asked in surprise.
There were no outsiders in the room, so Luo Zheng did not have to hide anything. He also briefly explained what happened in the Dark Domain.
Towards the end, the worry on Ling Shuang's face gradually intensified. "Then what should we do … Won't we be trapped there for the rest of our lives?"
"There will always be a solution," Luo Zheng said, "At least I can come back and replenish my strength."
When Luo Zheng's Nirvana force was fully unleashed, he could deal with a black monkey. It could be said that he still had the strength to fight against ordinary Nirvana creatures. However, in his previous state of exhaustion, he could only be slaughtered.
"Unfortunately, I don't have a candle," Ling Shuang bit her lip.
If she had a candle, Ling Shuang might really enter the Dark Domain on impulse again.
Seeing that Ling Shuang was so concerned about him, Luo Zheng was touched. He said optimistically, "Don't worry, I will definitely find a way to leave that place. Now we can integrate into the Dark Domain …"
Just as Luo Zheng was comforting Ling Shuang, Xiaoyin suddenly appeared on the second floor and reported, "Sister Die, there is a guest outside … Mr. Luo, you are awake!"
During the time when Luo Zheng was in the Nirvana Realm, Xiaoyin reported everything in the courtyard to Ning Yudie.
Now that she suddenly saw that Luo Zheng was awake, Xiaoyin was naturally shocked.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded. "May I know who is the guest?"
Before Xiaoyin answered, two figures, one in blue and one in green, appeared on the second floor of the courtyard. The woman in the blue robe was Feng Ge, and the one in green was Concubine Yan.
Seeing that Concubine Yan had come in person, Luo Zheng understood something.
Since his identity had been seen through by Feng Ge, there was no way he could hide it from Concubine Yan.
Luo Zheng got up and bowed to Concubine Yan, saying, "Luo Zheng didn't know that Concubine Yan was coming. Please forgive me for not coming out to meet you."
Concubine Yan's eyes were smiling, and a trace of charm appeared on her face. She said with a smile, "If you want my forgiveness, it's very simple. You have to protect my daughter and leave the Dark Domain unharmed!"
"Mother!" Feng Ge stood behind Concubine Yan and complained.
Ling Shuang also frowned. It was Feng Ge's idea to enter the Dark Domain. It had nothing to do with Luo Zheng. Concubine Yan's attitude was completely dependent on Luo Zheng.
"If I can leave that damned place safely, I will ensure the safety of Prince Feng Ge," Luo Zheng replied respectfully.
However, Concubine Yan was not satisfied with Luo Zheng's polite answer.
She took a step forward and stared at Luo Zheng. She said with a serious face, "I only have one daughter, Feng Ge. I won't allow anything to happen to her. What I want is a 100% promise!"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Even the faces of Ning Yudie and the other girls darkened slightly.
Concubine Yan could naturally sense these emotions. However, she changed her usual gentle image and looked more and more serious. "As long as Feng Ge can leave the Dark Domain and the Nirvana Realm safely, I will give you an unimaginable reward, a peerless gift!"
If someone else spoke to Luo Zheng like this, Luo Zheng would have chosen to send them away.
However, when Luo Zheng first broke into the Taishi Palace, Concubine Yan had helped him lead the way. On Taihao Mountain, Concubine Yan had also suppressed Emperor Shou.
Now, Concubine Yan's attitude was completely out of her eagerness to protect her daughter. Luo Zheng could understand her.
Luo Zheng cupped his hands again and said, "Concubine Yan, don't be anxious. The Dark Domain is not as dangerous as you think. We are not facing a desperate situation."
In the cave of light, it was safe.
Moreover, those pig-faced monsters were not very intelligent. There was still a chance to escape.
Luo Zheng's sincere expression calmed Concubine Yan down. What she was most afraid of was that Luo Zheng would leave her daughter behind. She had been judging how to communicate with Luo Zheng all the way from the Taishi Palace.

Chapter 2955
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Pure Witch
Concubine Yan lowered her eyes and said, "I've been to the Dark Domain before and I know how dangerous it is. It's indeed too much to ask you to ensure Feng Ge's safety, but please do your best."
"Concubine Yan, you've been to the Dark Domain?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Concubine Yan smiled and said, "It's not the Dark Domain of the 13th Heaven, but the Dark Domain of the 20th Heaven."
The higher the heaven in the Nirvana Realm, the higher the probability of the Dark Domain appearing.
However, the Sun Soul of a strong person like Concubine Yan was many times stronger. Whether it was facing the creatures of the Nirvana Realm or the creatures of the Dark Domain, she was not as powerless as she was at the 13th Heaven.
"Concubine Yan, have you ever heard of the Light Cave in the Dark Domain?" Luo Zheng asked.
When Luo Zheng mentioned the Light Cave, Concubine Yan's eyes flashed slightly. Feng Ge also glanced at his mother subconsciously.
In the Taishi Palace, when Feng Ge mentioned the Light Cave, his mother's face also showed a strange expression. She should know something.
"I heard from Feng Ge," Concubine Yan said with a serious look, "When a Light Cave appears in the Dark Domain, it usually means that a Pure Witch has appeared."
"A Pure Witch?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Concubine Yan nodded, "There are some creatures in the Dark Domain who can break through the restrictions of the Dark Domain and become a strong person who can dominate a region. No one can match them in the Dark Domain, and they are also extremely powerful outside the Dark Domain …"
Many years ago, Concubine Yan had witnessed the birth of a Pure Witch.
In the Dark Domain of the 20th Heaven, a white light shot up to the sky. The white light penetrated the Dark Domain and traveled freely in the Dark Domain.
On that day, the strong people in the Dark Domain launched an attack on the Pure Witch in the Light Cave. The creatures of the Nirvana Realm outside the Dark Domain also tried their best to prevent the Pure Witch from leaving the Dark Domain. Even some powerful Sun Souls joined the battle.
But no one could stop this Pure Witch. The Pure Witch in the light hole was no longer afraid of the attack in the dark domain, and the Nirvana creatures outside the dark domain were no match for her.
At that time, the most powerful clan in the Twentieth Heaven was the Tianyuan Clan. Seventy percent of the territory in the Twentieth Heaven belonged to the Tianyuan Clan, but this Pure Witch forced the Tianyuan Clan into a small corner by herself.
"What's the purpose of these Pure Witches?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Of course, it's to continue our race," Concubine Yan replied. "That Pure Witch came from the Foolish Meng Clan. Now, the Foolish Meng Clan should be the largest clan in the Twentieth Heaven. You'll see how strong they are when you enter the Twentieth Heaven in the future."
When the powerhouses of the Desire Realm mentioned the 20th Layer of Heaven, their expressions changed greatly. No one was willing to stay in the 20th Layer of Heaven for long.
"Since the Pure Witches are so powerful, isn't there any big clan trying to win them over?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Win them over …" Concubine Yan said, "Of course, there are people who do that. But how can we, the Yang Souls of the Mother World, win them over?"
The purpose of the creatures of the Mother World entering the Nirvana Realm was to get those Nirvana tokens.
For the creatures of the Nirvana Realm, the tokens were nothing. Even the creatures of the Nirvana Realm themselves were tokens of the Nirvana Realm, not to mention that the other party was a Pure Witch, a powerhouse who could dominate the First Heaven.
After Concubine Yan finished speaking, Luo Zheng had a general understanding of the Pure Witch.
The one buried in the tomb in the light hole should also be a pig-faced monster.
No one knew what happened to this pig-faced monster, but it accidentally turned into a Pure Witch and attracted the light outside the dark domain.
Once this Pure Witch came back to life, there would be another bloody storm in the Thirteenth Heaven, and the Pure Witch would lead the pig-faced monsters to rise and become one of the strongest clans in the Thirteenth Heaven.
Therefore, the pig-faced monsters called the tomb the "Holy Tomb", which was the hope of their clan's revival. They were afraid that Luo Zheng would desecrate it.
Concubine Yan asked again, "When do you plan to return to the Nirvana Realm?"
If Feng Ge did not enter the Nirvana Realm, she could live happily in the Heavenly Palace for the rest of her life, but her cultivation level would never increase, just like Lin Zhanting's son Lin Mingxuan. If it were not for Luo Zheng's rescue, Lin Mingxuan would be trapped in the Great Whirlpool forever.
"I don't know if the Pure Witch mentioned by Concubine Yan will wake up, so the sooner the better," Luo Zheng replied.
If the Pure Witch woke up, the white light hole shrouding the tomb would disappear. When he and Feng Ge returned, they would fall directly into the darkness. It was easy to imagine what would happen to them if they did not swallow the Fruit of Darkness.
"Three days later," Concubine Yan bit her lip, "I want to spend more time with Feng Ge in these three days..."
Although Luo Zheng was guarding the dark domain, in Concubine Yan's eyes, the dark domain was still a dangerous place. Sending Feng Ge back to the Nirvana Realm was as uncomfortable as sending him to the execution ground.
In these three days, after Qiu Yinhe, Hechi and others heard that Luo Zheng had woken up, they also returned to Greater One Mountain to visit.
Their understanding of the "light hole" was similar to that of Concubine Yan, but they did not know the origin of the Pure Witch and the cause of it.
The key point was that this happened in the Color Domain, so neither Qiu Yinhe nor Hechi could help. They could only repeatedly remind Luo Zheng to act according to the circumstances.
Three days passed in the blink of an eye.
Concubine Yan personally sent Feng Ge to the top of Greater One Mountain.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were well-prepared. They sat cross-legged again with their eyes closed.
With a flame rising from Luo Zheng's body, the two returned to the Nirvana Realm one after another.
The moment they opened their eyes, a bright light shone down from above.
Except for this area, there was absolute darkness all around, and they could not see anything.
"Feng Ge, the Fruit of Darkness," Luo Zheng said.
The effect of the Fruit of Darkness had already faded, so it was naturally impossible to see the environment of the Dark Domain.
Feng Ge nodded, took out two black fruits from the Sumeru Ring, and handed one to Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng swallowed the Fruit of Darkness, he felt the energy spread throughout his body, and the darkness shrouding the surroundings became 30% brighter. But when Luo Zheng stared into the darkness, he was suddenly startled.
Several pig-faced monsters were sticking their faces to the outside of the circle of light, looking into the circle of light. The fangs on their faces were protruding, full of ferocity.
"Ah!"
When Feng Ge saw the pig-faced monsters clearly, he was also startled and hid behind Luo Zheng.
"Don't be afraid, they can't come in," Luo Zheng said.
"Roar roar roar..."
"Dirty human, get out here!"
"The Saint Tomb is not something you can trample!"
The pig-faced monsters roared again...
"If I were these pig-faced monsters, I would definitely treat us in the most gentle way, and deceive us out. Then we would be fish on the chopping board," Luo Zheng shook his head and laughed.
Feng Ge glanced at Luo Zheng and said snappily, "Fortunately, you are not."
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders. "I can't figure it out either. These pig-faced monsters are not very intelligent, not even as intelligent as those black monkeys. How could they give birth to a pure person?"
After that, he looked at the "Saint Tomb" mentioned by the pig-faced monsters.
According to Concubine Yan, the body of a pure person was buried under the Saint Tomb?

Chapter 2956
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
White Shadow
These pig-faced monsters were most afraid of Luo Zheng having designs on the Holy Tomb.
Luo Zheng's question made the pig-faced monsters even more nervous.
"Move your dirty feet away!"
"Our Lord Hu Yun's Holy Tomb is not something a filthy human like you can touch!"
"I'm going to skin you alive!"
These pig-faced monsters saw Luo Zheng's actions and scolded him even more fiercely.
The other pig-faced monsters heard the scolding and came out from all around the valley.
"Those pig-faced monsters are surrounding us again," Feng Ge reminded Luo Zheng.
"Ignore them," Luo Zheng said expressionlessly.
Anyway, they could leave this area at any time and the creatures of the Dark Realm could not enter. Luo Zheng could try anything he wanted here.
He circled around the Holy Tomb and the pig-faced monsters were still scolding him. Finally, Luo Zheng stopped in front of the tombstone of the Holy Tomb and bowed to it.
Feng Ge's eyes widened. He did not know what Luo Zheng's actions meant. On the other hand, the pig-faced monsters were excited.
"This guy is finally enlightened. He's going to submit to our Lord Hu Yun!"
"Even if you kneel and beg for forgiveness, we can only grant you death. It's just that it won't be so painful!"
"Since you've thought it through, you should come out obediently!"
After Luo Zheng bowed, he stood up and smiled at the pig-faced monsters. Then, he jumped onto the tombstone and started digging with his bare hands!
In order to leave this place, he could only look for answers inside the tombstone.
Luo Zheng bowed just now because of his persistence. Regardless of whether the pure witch was really dead or could be resurrected, digging up the tombstones of other living beings was disrespectful.
Those ferocious pig-faced monsters were dumbfounded.
They had never thought that Luo Zheng would really dare to dig up the Holy Tomb!
"Stop!"
"I beg you!"
"Sob sob sob, we're ashamed of Lord Hu Yun …"
These pig-faced monsters finally understood that threatening Luo Zheng was not only ineffective but also counterproductive. Some of them began to plead for mercy.
However, these pig-faced monsters were not trustworthy at all. Why would Luo Zheng care about them?
"Swish, swish …"
Luo Zheng threw away the soil on top of the grave, revealing slender stone strips underneath. These stone strips emitted a cold air when touched.
Luo Zheng tried to break these stone strips, but there was no reaction at all. Their sturdiness was beyond his imagination.
In the end, Luo Zheng could only start from one side of the tomb. He pulled out the stone strips and threw them aside.
These stone strips should also contain the power of the Nirvana Realm, but they were items of the Dark Domain after all. It was impossible for ordinary people to fuse with them, so they were naturally worthless.
Feng Ge was also at the side of the tomb, looking down carefully.
After all the stone strips had been removed, a round cave with a diameter of three feet appeared below.
"There's nothing under the grave?" Feng Ge's eyes narrowed.
It would be great if there was an underground passage that could help the two of them leave this damned place.
"I'll go down and take a look," Luo Zheng said.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to jump into the cave, the green pig-faced monster appeared beside the light cave again. It seemed to be screaming with all its might, "You'll regret this!"
The other pig-faced monsters roared as well. The entire valley was filled with an uneasy aura. Even the tentacles in the valley quietly retreated into the triangular cave.
Luo Zheng only glanced at the green pig-faced monster coldly, then jumped into the cave under the grave.
Feng Ge stood alone at the entrance of the grave, looking slightly nervous.
Although he knew that these guys could not enter, the sound of these pig-faced monsters roaring together was like a landslide.
"Let's cover the light!"
"If we block the light, we'll be able to catch them!"
"Let them do it …"
Previously, the pig-faced monsters and the tentacles rushed into the light cave blindly.
With their flesh and blood, they would be melted by the light if they rushed into the cave.
Perhaps one of the pig-faced monsters was enlightened. Even though the light was powerful, it could not destroy the rocks in an instant.
The tentacles that retreated into the triangular cave extended out of the valley and dragged the rocks into the valley!
"Whoosh!"
Feng Ge saw a huge shadow sweeping across in the distance. It was a huge rock that was sent over by the tentacles, blocking the light above Feng Ge's head!
The pillar of light shooting down from above was naturally blocked by this huge rock, and Feng Ge was already standing in the shadow.
Faced with this sudden scene, Feng Ge stood rooted to the ground, not knowing how to deal with it.
"Catch her!"
"Kill her!"
"We can go in now!"
The pig-faced monsters had been waiting outside for a long time. They could not wait any longer. As soon as the rock blocked the light, they charged at Feng Ge.
"Feng Ge?"
Luo Zheng, who had just jumped into the cave, felt the light above his head disappear. His expression changed slightly.
Even though he didn't know what had happened, the light was their only protection!
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng leapt into the air, wanting to rush up and see what was going on.
However, it was easy to come down from the cave, but difficult to go up. Luo Zheng had just rushed up to the cave when a strange force suddenly pulled him down. Luo Zheng fell from a height of thirty to forty feet!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Three or four pig-faced monsters rushed up to Feng Ge in the blink of an eye. One of the pig-faced monsters reached out and grabbed Feng Ge, trying to pull him out.
Feng Ge instinctively counterattacked.
The golden light on the surface of his body flashed continuously. Golden whips lashed out like a storm at the pig-faced monsters. However, the power of the Golden Crow Divine Flames was too limited. It was not enough to hurt the pig-faced monsters.
"I just came in … and it's already like this …"
At this moment, Feng Ge had already fallen into despair.
But at this moment, a snow-white light shone once again.
Even though the boulder temporarily blocked the light, the boulder was originally an object of the Darkness Realm. When the boulder blocked the light, it also suffered from the corrosion of the light. In just two or three blinks of an eye, the boulder was pierced through by the light.
"Buzz …"
The snow-white light shone down again, enveloping Feng Ge's body.
The pig-faced monsters around her didn't even have time to scream before their bodies were completely destroyed by the light, leaving behind only a pungent burnt smell.
This light gave Feng Ge a chance to catch her breath. Seeing the tentacles carrying the boulders over, Feng Ge's expression changed drastically.
Once these boulders completely blocked out the light, she probably wouldn't have a chance to escape.
This time, without any hesitation, Feng Ge jumped into the cave below the tomb.
The situation outside the cave was extremely dangerous. The situation inside the cave wasn't much better.
In front of Luo Zheng, there was a small white shadow floating. The power contained in this shadow wasn't very strong, but it posed a great threat to Luo Zheng.
The force that pulled him down just now came from this white shadow!
"Be careful!"

Chapter 2957
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Cut
Feng Ge hurriedly jumped down from above, completely ignoring the situation in the cave.
When she heard Luo Zheng shout "Be careful", she resisted instinctively. Golden whips blossomed from her Yang Soul and lashed out at the white shadow that suddenly appeared in front of her.
"Swoosh!"
The Golden Crow Divine Fire used in the Paramita Realm was a Soul Magical Ability. The power of the whip on the physical body was ordinary, but it was still not to be underestimated when used against a Soul Body.
That white shadow happened to be a type of soul body.
Just as the Golden Crow Divine Fire was about to hit the white shadow, a strange force suddenly exerted itself on Feng Ge.
Feng Ge, who was originally falling, suddenly flew horizontally without any warning, and the golden whips formed by the Golden Crow Divine Fire dragged her along.
"Bang!"
Feng Ge crashed into the wall.
Her Yang Soul naturally could not compare to Luo Zheng's physical body. After this collision, Feng Ge directly fainted.
The force exerted on Feng Ge's body did not disappear, and firmly pressed her against the wall.
"Whoosh!"
The white shadow did not seem to have any intention of killing Feng Ge. After knocking Feng Ge unconscious, it once again flew towards Feng Ge.
"Don't even think about it!"
Although Luo Zheng did not know what the white shadow was planning, from its series of actions, Luo Zheng could vaguely guess something. Naturally, he did not want it to get close to Feng Ge.
The power of Luo Zheng's Mighty God Totem dissipated, and his entire body was about to leap up.
In three days, Luo Zheng had replenished a considerable amount of Divine Crystals. His two Paramita Realm tokens were already in peak condition.
However, just as Luo Zheng was about to leap up, he felt his feet suddenly sink. His feet were actually wrapped in the ground!
What was this?
Luo Zheng was shocked. After carefully examining it, the shock in his eyes became more and more intense.
When he first fell into this cave, he felt that the ground was very soft, but Luo Zheng did not have time to examine it carefully, and thought it was just mud.
Now that his feet had sunk in, he could not move. After looking around, he realized that he was stepping on pieces of meat!
It wasn't just under his feet. The entire underground chamber was covered in a layer of meat. Between the meat, there were many meridians, and purple blood was flowing rapidly through the meridians.
Luo Zheng had seen this scene in the Full Sky Temple's World before, but Luo Zheng's World, but this underground room was even more evil!
Luo Zheng's surprise only lasted for the blink of an eye.
Seeing that the white shadow had already reached Feng Ge, he did Luo Zheng.
"Six hundred Million Jun …"
The Paramita Nima, Nirvana Flame Nirvana, Luo Zheng's's Is Evil "
Like Nn's, Mu Nn. on Mu Luo Zheng, Ice Luo Is. Luo Zheng 'was and Ge Nai Nn N Of
The white shadow also seemed to treat Feng Ge as a life-saving straw. It grabbed the last bit of time and was about to enter Feng Ge's Yang Soul.
Right at this moment …
Luo Zheng felt the light above him dim again.
Dozens of boulders blocked the top of the round hole, blocking the light from the top layer.
No matter how strong the light was, it would take some time to drill through these boulders.
After the light was blocked, the tentacles swarmed in through the hole above!
Seeing that Luo Zheng was about to grab the white shadow, the tentacles wrapped around Luo Zheng's body. Dozens of thick tentacles immediately wrapped around him.
Luo Zheng watched helplessly as the white shadow rushed into Feng Ge's Yang soul body. He watched helplessly as he was wrapped tightly and pulled out of the cave.
The tentacles pulled Luo Zheng out, and then another batch of tentacles drilled into the dark room through the hole. The target of these tentacles was naturally Feng Ge.
No foreign objects were allowed to exist in the Holy Tomb.
But before the tentacles could touch Feng Ge, they suddenly trembled. They seemed to have received an irresistible order, so they abandoned Feng Ge and obediently retreated back into the hole.
The other tentacles were still holding the boulders, blocking the light.
It was the first time that the pig-faced monsters were really close to the Holy Tomb. Their pig faces were full of reverence.
They hurriedly kowtowed, and then restored the tomb that Luo Zheng had destroyed. Then, they quickly pushed out of the tomb.
The boulders were once again pierced by the light above, shining on the surroundings of the tomb.
Looking from the outside, except for the fact that the soil on the tomb was too new, there were no signs of damage. After the boulders that the tentacles had carried to block the light were pierced, a pile of messy gravel was produced. However, these gravel belonged to the dark realm. Under the light, they quickly turned into ashes and disappeared completely.
.
.
Luo Zheng was pulled into the air by these tentacles. They were also fighting with each other for Luo Zheng. They all wanted to pull Luo Zheng into their caves and then slowly devour him.
After a few rounds of fighting, the tentacles also erupted with a terrifying force. Under the huge force, Luo Zheng felt that his body was about to fall apart.
Fortunately, his body was extraordinarily strong. If it were another body, it would have been torn apart long ago.
In the end, the fight between the tentacles was over. Luo Zheng was still dragged into a triangular cave.
He was pulled more than ten feet in. The smell of blood and decay assailed his nostrils. Some fur and bones were scattered in the depths of the triangular cave.
"Are these the remains of the black monkeys?"
Through the black fur, Luo Zheng could easily recognize that the three black monkeys that were caught before had been eaten by these tentacles.
But how did these tentacles cut open the bones of the black monkeys?
No matter how strong the tentacles were, they were soft. At most, they could only tear and mince the black monkeys. However, Luo Zheng found that the fractures of these bones were very smooth. Obviously, they were cut by some kind of sharp weapon.
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, two more tentacles extended from the depths of the cave.
These two tentacles were slightly thinner than ordinary tentacles. However, one side of the tentacles was inlaid with rows of sharp bone teeth. Seeing the bone teeth on the tentacles, Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
"Hu …"
Those tentacles fixed Luo Zheng in place. The two tentacles with bone teeth wrapped around Luo Zheng.
"Ka ka ka ka …"
The two tentacles wrapped around Luo Zheng's shoulders and pulled. Like two chainsaws, they cut Luo Zheng's body back and forth.
After just the first round of cutting, Luo Zheng felt a burning pain in his arms. A series of bloody wounds were left on his shoulders. The power of the two tentacles was much more powerful than Luo Zheng had imagined.
If this continued, his body would be cut into pieces sooner or later. Luo Zheng frowned.
"Ka ka ka ka …"
The two tentacles once again wrapped around Luo Zheng and pulled.

Chapter 2958
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Possession and Counterattack
Faced with such a desperate situation, Luo Zheng's brain was also working quickly.
There were not many abilities that could be used in the Nirvana Realm. The Mighty Totem could only increase Luo Zheng's strength, but it could not help him escape from these tentacles.
The Mind's Eye was good, but it needed to be combined with the swordsmanship, so it could not be used now.
Crack crack crack crack …
Two tentacles were cutting Luo Zheng for the third time.
At this time, Luo Zheng gritted his teeth. His body suddenly jumped out of the tentacles, and then he rushed out of the cave.
But the triangular cave was crowded with tentacles. Luo Zheng had just rushed out a few steps when a tentacle whipped his legs.
Smack!
Under the sudden whipping, Luo Zheng lost his balance. Before he could fall to the ground, he was entangled by a few tentacles and dragged into the depths of the cave.
This time, the tentacles tied Luo Zheng tightly, not giving Luo Zheng any chance to escape.
…
It was hard to tell if the Sun Soul was trapped or injured in the Nirvana Realm. One could only check the state of the Sun Soul in the depths of the mind.
But the physical body was different.
No matter what damage Luo Zheng suffered in the Nirvana Realm, it would be reflected in the mother world.
"Luo Zheng … is injured?"
"What happened?"
"…"
Luo Zheng, who was sitting on the second floor, closed his eyes tightly. There was a faint look of pain on his face. Two strange wounds had appeared on his arms, and blood was flowing out.
Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin were still a little flustered. Ling Shuang had rushed to Luo Zheng and tried to heal Luo Zheng.
After Yan Fei sent Feng Ge to the Heart Flow Sword Sect, she had no intention of leaving.
Although she couldn't see the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven, now was the time for Feng Ge to overcome the difficulties. She couldn't just leave Feng Ge to Luo Zheng.
Seeing the wounds on Luo Zheng's body, Concubine Yan's expression changed slightly. A bad premonition arose in her heart.
Even Luo Zheng was injured. What about Feng Ge?
Concubine Yan took a step forward. Her figure flashed, and she was already beside Feng Ge. Her slender, white fingers were already resting on the top of Feng Ge's head. Concubine Yan closed her eyes gently. When she opened them again, a trace of sternness appeared on her face.
"Concubine Yan, how is it?" Lingshuang asked.
"His soul is weak … It seems like someone is trying to take over his body!" Concubine Yan said through gritted teeth.
"Possession?" Ling Shuang's eyes widened. "Then what should we do?"
Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie looked at each other.
Although they didn't know much about the Nirvana Realm, they knew a lot about possession. However, they didn't expect that there could be possession in the Nirvana Realm.
"If I didn't know, I would've just taken it over. Maybe this creature from the Nirvana Realm could even use Feng Ge's body to enter the mother world. But since I've discovered it, how can I let it succeed?" Concubine Yan sneered. She held Feng Ge's head with one hand and gently tapped his temple with the other.
Her extremely beautiful eyes had an abnormal shade of demonic red.
This was a soul secret technique unique to Concubine Yan. Using it consumed a lot of her soul. However, her daughter was about to be possessed, so she couldn't care less.
"Boom!"
A shapeless soul aura spread out from her body.
On the second floor of the independent courtyard, traces of cold wind swept in all directions.
Although this soul fluctuation didn't have any destructive power, the entire Heart Flow Sword Sect and even the disciples of the three major sword sects felt it. Many people looked toward Luo Zheng's independent courtyard, their faces full of awe.
There were only a dozen people in the Heavenly Palace who could release such a terrifying soul aura. Who was it that visited the Heart Flow Sword Sect?
… …
… …
The white shadow burrowed into Feng Ge's yang soul and went straight for Feng Ge's flame of memory.
As the leader of the pig-faced monsters, Hu Yun had great ambitions.
Once he succeeded in becoming a Pure One, the entire Thirteenth Heaven would be his. Whether it was the black monkeys or the giant ape, they would all be wiped out by him!
Before this, his plan was proceeding in an orderly manner. As long as the flesh and soul were nurtured for enough time, he would be able to successfully reincarnate.
He had never thought that the heavens would give him such a great gift!
This was a yang soul from the mother world!
The Nirvana Realm was too small … …
It was just a space where these creatures took refuge for generations. So what if he became the Great Heaven Master of the Thirteenth Heaven?
If he could take over his body, wouldn't he be able to return to the mother world? How many Nirvana creatures dreamed of this?
With his ability in the Nirvana Realm, it wouldn't be long before he could dominate the entire Chaos. Hu Yun didn't hesitate at all in his excitement.
Feng Ge's flame of memory flickered with a pale orange light. After fainting, the light was especially dim.
When Hu Yun saw the flame of memory, his pig face revealed an excited smile.
At their level, there were often several methods to take over someone's body. One was to directly destroy the other party's flame of memory and replace it with oneself. However, this wouldn't be able to absorb the other party's memories.
The other method was to devour the other party's flame of memory and integrate it into oneself, completely controlling all of the other party's secrets.
Whether it was the mother world or the Chaos, they were all too foreign to Hu Yun. He needed all of Feng Ge's memories, so he naturally chose to devour them.
Feng Ge's flame of memory sensed a trace of danger and gently pulsed toward the depths of his soul like a helpless little girl.
Once the flame of memory was devoured, Feng Ge's self-consciousness would be eliminated, which was actually equivalent to death.
"I've already found my way here. Where are you going to run to?" Hu Yun's smile was so wide that he could almost smell the fragrance emitted by the flame of memory.
That white shadow gently swept past and held the pale orange flame of memory in his palm. The flame of the flame of memory was constantly trembling and scuttling left and right in Hu Yun's palm. However, it couldn't escape at all.
Just as Hu Yun raised the flame of memory and was about to swallow it, a sudden change occurred.
In the depths of Feng Ge's soul, a pure gold flame suddenly flickered. Traces of golden light wandered around in Feng Ge's soul.
"What, what's going on?" Hu Yun looked around and had no idea what was going on.
"Ah!"
He suddenly felt a burning sensation coming from his palm. Feng Ge's flame of memory had become extremely hot and he had no choice but to throw it away.
Hu Yun, who realized that something was wrong, chose to escape at the first moment!
He was a Pure Witch and was now in the process of turning pure. He still had a bright future ahead of him. He must not capsize here!
However, the speed at which the pure gold flame wandered was far beyond his imagination.

Chapter 2959
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Unexpected
It was extremely difficult to influence the Nirvana Realm in the mother world.
The limited help was to use soul pills to strengthen the soul aura of the people in the Nirvana Realm.
For example, the people under the banner of Dragon City cultivated in the Nirvana Realm with the help of Dragon City's starlight. This was also an external force.
Concubine Yan couldn't control Feng Ge to attack the creatures in the Nirvana Realm, nor could she make Feng Ge's soul cultivation soar. However, she could kill those who tried to possess him.
In a sense, the Yang soul in the mother world and the Nirvana Realm were the same. They were in a strange merged state. When Hu Yun entered the depths of Feng Ge's Yang soul, he was both in the Nirvana Realm and in the mother world, on the second floor of the independent courtyard of the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
This gave Concubine Yan space to perform!
On the one hand, Hu Yun was still in the process of turning pure. He wasn't a real pure, and his soul was originally very weak. On the other hand, Hu Yun was a dark realm creature born in the thirteenth heaven. He couldn't be compared to the dark realm creatures in the upper heavens.
"Swish swish swish …"
Hu Yun darted left and right in the cage formed by the golden flames. However, every time he got close to the cage, the burning pain forced him to retreat.
"I'm a pure! You … can't kill me! "Hu Yun roared in despair.
Outside the cage, a faint shadow appeared quietly. It was Concubine Yan's divided soul, and Feng Ge's flame of memory was perched on Concubine Yan's shoulder.
"It really is the aura of a pure …" Concubine Yan stared at Hu Yun, her face full of caution.
There were many powerful beings in the dark realm, and the pure were the best among them. Once they were born, they could often catch up.
However, how and why the pure were born had always been a huge mystery.
"You can't kill me! If you kill me, the Blood Council will never let you go. Never! "Hu Yun continued to roar at Concubine Yan.
"But you want to kill my daughter." Concubine Yan's face darkened.
Hu Yun's threat would only strengthen Concubine Yan's killing intent.
Concubine Yan only had a slight thought, and the golden cage quickly shrank. The fence made of golden flames quickly locked onto Hu Yun's soul. The burning pain made Hu Yun scream, and he even wailed like a pig.
After a few breaths of time, the wailing stopped abruptly. Just when Concubine Yan thought it was over, a strange scene occurred.
Hu Yun's white soul began to expand violently, becoming bigger, expanding …
"What's going on?" Concubine Yan's eyes narrowed.
She tried to restrain her expanding soul, but Concubine Yan couldn't resist this power!
"Boom!"
In a twinkle, Hu Yun's soul abruptly exploded, producing a violent vortex!
The suction of the whirlpool was so strong that even Concubine Yan's soul was sucked into it. Feng Ge's orange Fire of Memory was also sucked into the center of the whirlpool.
Buzz!
Concubine Yan, who was on the second floor, suddenly opened her eyes. Her face turned extremely ugly. She roared in a dull and unwilling voice, "How could this be?"
Ling Shuang was trying to repair Luo Zheng's body. When she saw Concubine Yan's face, her expression darkened.
Although she didn't know what had happened, it couldn't be anything good.
Concubine Yan's fingers pressed against her temples again. Wisps of golden flames shot upward like lightning. Her eyes were completely red.
When Concubine Yan wanted to enter Feng Ge's mind again, she found that Feng Ge's soul was shrouded in a white cocoon of light.
This cocoon of light seemed to have completely merged with the soul. It wasn't difficult to destroy the cocoon of light, but at the same time, it would tear Feng Ge's soul apart …
…
…
The two tentacles with bone teeth once again sawed at Luo Zheng's arms.
Under the intense pain, Luo Zheng's arms faintly felt a trace of coolness.
Upon closer inspection, the flesh on his arms was actually healing!
However, the speed of healing couldn't keep up with the speed of destruction. After being sawed a few more times, Luo Zheng's arms would definitely be broken.
These tentacles probably planned to saw him into pieces before slowly enjoying him.
"Crack crack crack …"
Just as the pain assaulted him again and again, a roar suddenly came from outside the triangular cave.
It sounded like hundreds of pigs howling together.
"It's those pig-faced monsters …" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
After these howls, the tentacles with bone teeth suddenly stopped moving. Luo Zheng was hung upside down and sent out of the cave.
Almost instantly, Luo Zheng understood that those pig-faced monsters had stopped the tentacles.
Luo Zheng didn't believe that these pig-faced monsters would be so kind. When he broke into the Holy Tomb, these pig-faced monsters couldn't wait to skin him alive, not to mention that he had excavated their Holy Tomb.
"Whoosh!"
After a while, Luo Zheng was hung upside down outside the triangular cave.
"Drip, drip, drip …"
Blood dripped down from the wounds on his arms.
The pig-faced monsters stood in a bustling row. Looking at Luo Zheng's miserable appearance, they all felt extremely relieved.
"We can't let him die so easily!"
"Those who dare to desecrate the Holy Tomb will be subjected to the most severe torture!"
"…"
The pig-faced monsters were all talking at once. Each of them was imagining the most severe punishment to torture Luo Zheng.
At this moment, the green pig-faced monster appeared again. It narrowed its eyes and stared at Luo Zheng for a while before saying, "Don't kill him!"
"Don't kill him?"
"This man is sinful!"
"We can't let him live!"
The pig-faced monsters were puzzled. Even Luo Zheng felt a little strange.
This green pig-faced monster wanted to swallow him alive earlier. Now it wanted to spare his life?
"Let him become the bait in the Black Pool!" The green pig-faced monster said as it grinned.
The other pig-faced monsters were stunned for a while before they started laughing too.
"Chief, that's a good idea!"
"This is the consequence of invading the Holy Tomb!"
"He will suffer a fate worse than death!"
The Black Pool was a forbidden area for the pig-faced monsters. Any living creature that was sent into the Black Pool as bait would end up in a miserable state!
Although Luo Zheng had no idea where the Black Pool was, judging by the wicked smiles on the pig-faced monsters' faces, it was definitely not a good place to go.
The tentacles brought down two heavy bronze plates from the top of the valley. They must have considered Luo Zheng's body size. The bronze plates were about the height of a person. There was a hole in the middle of the two bronze plates, which locked Luo Zheng's neck and hands. There were also two ropes behind the bronze plates.
Luo Zheng tried to use his strength to struggle. When he released the power of the Nirvana Realm, strange patterns appeared on the bronze plate and the entire plate did not move at all!
"You're good to be able to break free from the bronze plates. Hehe," a pig-faced monster sneered.
Luo Zheng tried a few times in silence. He had no choice but to give up. He sat quietly on the side and looked at the light hole in the middle of the valley. His face was gloomy.

Chapter 2960
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
The Coagulation of Flesh and Blood
A white cocoon of light floated in the dark room under the grave.
This cocoon of light wrapped around Feng Ge in layers … …
Every ten breaths, the cocoon of light could be seen pulsating with the naked eye.
Thump thump … …
As the cocoon of light pulsated, the entire dark room also vibrated slightly.
On the walls and floor of the dark room, the veins and chunks of flesh slowly protruded as if they were alive and gathered towards the cocoon of light.
Thump thump … …
After more than a hundred pulsations, some of the veins had already attached themselves to the cocoon of light, while the chunks of flesh followed closely behind. The entire gathering process was long and slow, but as the veins and blood continued to gather, it gradually took shape.
Luo Zheng naturally did not know that such a strange change was taking place in the dark room.
After waiting in place for a few hours, he felt the light of the dark realm dim. The pig-faced monsters nearby also gradually fell into darkness. The effect of the Fruit of Darkness was about to disappear.
"Are you planning to use me as bait?" Luo Zheng asked the pig-faced monster guarding him.
"Of course, heh," the pig-faced monster laughed strangely.
"I'm afraid I won't be able to be bait in time. I'll disappear in this dark realm. The effect of the Fruit of Darkness is about to disappear," Luo Zheng said.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the pig-faced monster was slightly shocked.
They had overlooked this point. Luo Zheng was a creature outside the dark realm. When the effect of the Fruit of Darkness disappeared, Luo Zheng's body would be directly destroyed by the dark realm.
The pig-faced monster reported this matter and several other pig-faced monsters left the valley.
Luo Zheng felt his surroundings become darker and darker. The pig-faced monsters' voices also became softer and softer. There was also a slight pain on the surface of his body. The dark realm was corroding him.
Fortunately, the Fruit of Darkness was not rare in the dark realm. After less than an hour, the pig-faced monsters returned and stuffed a Fruit of Darkness into Luo Zheng's mouth.
As the power of the Fruit of Darkness spread through Luo Zheng's body, the absolute darkness gradually faded and the surrounding scenery returned to normal.
"If I were you, I would definitely not eat this Fruit of Darkness," the pig-faced monster guarding Luo Zheng said meaningfully.
Luo Zheng asked curiously, "Why?"
"Being swallowed by the darkness and dying is much better than being used as bait," the pig-faced monster said with a smile.
Luo Zheng shrugged and found that he could not even do such a simple action with the bronze plate on his shoulders.
No matter the situation, Luo Zheng's survival Instinct, he did not give up. He of course, he would not take this matter. he did not have a choice.
Eight hours later, the pig-faced monster's He Translations again...
Then, the tentacles of Tentacles Ge Yang. Luo Zheng Yang was Eyes..
Only then did Luo Zheng see the full appearance of the tentacles. At the top of the tentacles was a round head. This creature looked like an octopus, but it had more tentacles than an octopus. The round head wasn't smooth and was covered in wrinkles.
"The pig-faced monster isn't that strong. Individually, it's not even as strong as the black monkeys. However, the octopus is much stronger. Why are these two creatures living together and why is the octopus obeying the pig-faced monster's command?" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
Living creatures living together in symbiosis were very common. Usually, two living creatures lived together because they could complement each other.
But what did the pig-faced monsters have?
They did not have outstanding intelligence or strength. How could they command these octopuses?
But what happened next made Luo Zheng understand.
One of the octopuses stretched out its tentacles and wrapped around the rope behind the bronze plate. It pulled Luo Zheng up along with the plate and climbed up the valley.
Halfway up, the octopus stretched out its tentacles and tangled with the octopuses below.
The tentacles of each octopus were hundreds of feet long and about two hundred feet long. They tangled with each other, but there was always one octopus hiding in the triangular cave.
These octopuses could not really leave the cave. Even if they wanted to leave, they had to use this strange and troublesome method. Moreover, their range of movement was limited.
"No wonder there are almost no dark realm creatures in this mountain range. Even if there were, they would have been wiped out by these octopuses. These octopuses can only move around nearby. I can only rely on the pig-faced monsters for many things …"
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, the long rope made of octopuses crossed the mountain peak. A strange smell rushed into Luo Zheng's nose.
Luo Zheng looked and saw the black pool that the pig-faced monsters had mentioned!
The black pool was not filled with water, but with a kind of sticky black mud. The black mud was quietly deposited at the bottom. Even when the wind blew, it did not cause any ripples.
"Whoosh …"
The octopus wrapped around the rope and slowly lowered Luo Zheng from the top of the mountain to the top of the black pool. The octopus itself also acted as a part of the rope.
When Luo Zheng was about to reach the top of the black pool, the octopus gently tossed Luo Zheng into the black pool.
The black pool was extremely sticky. An ordinary person standing on top of the black pool would find it difficult to sink down.
However, Luo Zheng was carrying the heavy bronze plate, so the speed at which he sank was not slow.
In a short while, the sticky black mud was above Luo Zheng's head. His entire body sank into the depths of the black pool.
In the dark quagmire, Luo Zheng could not see anything. He could only let himself sink.
After about the time it took to burn a stick of incense, Luo Zheng felt a sense of tension on his back. The bronze plate's rope had reached its end. He stopped diving and hung alone in the black pool. He could only resign himself to fate.
"Gudong, gudong …"
At this time, a series of bubbles suddenly floated in front of Luo Zheng. He frowned. It seemed that something was coming!
As more and more bubbles floated in front of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng felt a needle-like pain coming from his feet. It seemed that something was sticking to his feet. Luo Zheng kept struggling with his feet. However, half of his body was bound by the bronze plate. The space for him to move was limited. He could not get rid of those things.
The more he struggled, the more things were attracted to him. In a short while, Luo Zheng felt that his feet, legs, and even his back were covered with those things!
"What the hell is this …"
Luo Zheng could not see anything. He could only grit his teeth and bear with it. He finally understood what the pig-faced monsters meant.
Being thrown into the black pool and being sucked by those unknown things was a fate worse than death.

Chapter 2961
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Reborn Body
Ling Shuang scrutinized the traces of corrosion and said, "These are traces of highly toxic corrosion."
Injuries sustained in the Paramita Realm would appear in the Mother World at the same time, but it was almost impossible for things from the Paramita Realm to appear in the Mother World. Therefore, the small holes on Luo Zheng's body were only black, and no traces of poison could be seen.
Ning Yudie heard Ling Shuang's analysis and felt a little relieved. She said, "Husband is not afraid of poison!"
Ling Shuang nodded. "His body doesn't seem to be affected."
The creatures in the Black Pool were extremely poisonous. Most of the creatures in the Dark Realm who were thrown in would gradually lose their vitality after being bitten by one of them.
Moreover, when the poison acted up, it would produce extremely terrifying hallucinations. The entire body, from the organs to the bones, would turn into pus from the inside out. The entire person would become a skin bag filled with bodily fluids, and the process of death would be excruciating.
However, there were more than a hundred of them biting Luo Zheng's body.
Because Luo Zheng's body was not afraid of any poison, other than losing some blood, he was fine.
However, Luo Zheng was still afraid of the densely packed insects sticking to his body.
After submerging in the Black Pool for about an hour, Luo Zheng felt the two ropes on the bronze plate suddenly tighten, and he began to rise slowly in the Black Pool.
"Can I finally leave this damned place?" Luo Zheng was slightly delighted.
When he was thrown down, Luo Zheng thought he was dead for sure. The pig-faced monster had exaggerated, but this Black Pool was nothing more than that.
The moment Luo Zheng left the Black Pool, he bent down to look at his body and was immediately shocked.
Although he was already mentally prepared, Luo Zheng's scalp still went numb.
The insects crawling on his body were dark green in color. Their abdomens were huge, and they looked like oval-shaped green gems. There was a thin needle at the front of the insect, and the thin needle had already pierced into his body!
As the octopuses above continued to pull, Luo Zheng was pulled higher and higher. These green insects were firmly attached to him, and none of them were thrown down.
After a while, Luo Zheng was pulled to the top of the mountain. The octopuses carried Luo Zheng all the way back to the valley, and Luo Zheng was thrown in front of the pig-faced Monsters again.
"Good harvest!"
"This kid's blood must be very fragrant!"
"What a great harvest, and we didn't sacrifice our people, hehe!"
After the pig-faced Monsters surrounded Luo Zheng, they carefully pulled the green insects off Luo Zheng's body.
Those octopuses needed to eat these Green Jade Worms every once in a while, but it was not easy to fish them out of the Black Pool.
Initially, the pig-faced monster disguised itself at the mountain stream and was able to lure some Dark Realm creatures. However, after a long time, how could the other Dark Realm creatures be fooled? The Dark creatures of the Dark Realm Dark Realm knew Was Was Was Was Was Was. was Was Was Was Was was Was Was?
The pig-faced Monsters were not strong enough, and it was difficult for them to catch other Dark Realm creatures. Sometimes, they could only sacrifice their own people and throw them into the Black Pool to fish out the green insects.
These green insects were very aggressive in the Black Pool, but after leaving the Black Pool, they became abnormally stiff and could not move at all.
After a while, there were as many as 200 green insects cleaned off Luo Zheng's body.
After getting these green insects, one of the pig-faced Monsters sized up Luo Zheng and said, "Strange, this kid's body has not changed after being bitten by the Green Jade Worms for so long?"
"Don't worry about it, just throw him out. He's covered in Green Jade Poison, and we'll be in trouble if we get a little bit of it," said another pig-faced Monster.
Luo Zheng closed his eyes tightly and lay motionless on the ground. When he heard the pig-faced Monster's words, he was slightly happy.
These pig-faced Monsters were not very intelligent. If they really threw him out, he could escape.
A tentacle wrapped around the bronze plate, lifted Luo Zheng up, and was about to throw him out of the valley when the green pig-faced Monster suddenly said, "Wait."
"Clang!"
Luo Zheng was thrown back to the ground.
The green pig-faced monster looked at Luo Zheng from head to toe, then stretched out its hand and pressed on Luo Zheng's body. It said curiously, "This human brat is strange, he doesn't seem to be poisoned."
The Green Jade Poison could turn the internal organs into pus and turn a living person into a bag of skin. However, Luo Zheng's body was very full, and there were no signs of being poisoned at all.
"Yes! This human kid's body is very strange! "
"He doesn't seem to be dead …"
"Does that mean this person can be used repeatedly?"
The pig-faced Monsters' faces were full of joy.
Every once in a while, they would sacrifice a few of their people as bait to help the octopuses catch those damn Green Jade Worms. If Luo Zheng could be used repeatedly, it would be great news for the pig-faced Monsters.
Luo Zheng closed his eyes tightly and cursed the green pig-faced Monster in his mind. Now, not only could he not escape, but it seemed that he would be thrown into the Black Pool again and again to suffer.
The pig-faced Monsters finally found Luo Zheng, this "treasure". Naturally, they were afraid that Luo Zheng was really dead.
They had prepared a lot of Fruits of Darkness and fed Luo Zheng one every few hours. They even carefully healed Luo Zheng's wounds and the numerous small holes on his body.
Luo Zheng found that playing dead was useless, so he could only choose to give up. He opened his eyes and stared at the pig-faced Monsters helplessly.
One day later …
The octopuses left the cave one by one and tangled with each other again, forming a rope that was thousands of feet long. It carried Luo Zheng over the mountain range and threw Luo Zheng into the Black Pool.
After soaking in the Black Pool for more than half an hour, Luo Zheng's body was once again covered with Green Jade Worms. It was another big harvest for the pig-faced Monsters and the octopuses.
For three or four days in a row, Luo Zheng had been used as bait. Such days were really miserable.
In the dark room under the grave, there were more and more changes in the past three or four days.
The flesh and blood kept piling up, and the light cocoon was completely wrapped inside, gradually forming a torso, arms, legs, and head.
When the flesh and blood just formed facial features, it was a pig's face. It looked exactly the same as the pig-faced Monsters. It was the Pure Witch named "Hu Yun".
However, not long after this face was formed, several cracks appeared on the face. The pig's nose, ears, and so on all fell off and were replaced by the face of a human girl.
Although the human girl's eyes were closed, she still showed a gentle and charming appearance.
On the fifth day, the human girl suddenly opened her eyes. Her eyes were full of confusion.
Where am I?
Who am I?
While these doubts flashed through her mind, she observed her own body. It was the body of the pig-faced Monsters, so it looked particularly fat and ugly. This was an appearance that she absolutely could not accept.
"Puff, puff …"

Chapter 2962
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Giant Beast
The human girl shook off the blood on her hand, and after examining it for a moment, a satisfied look appeared on her face.
Then, she gently shook her thick legs, and cracks appeared on her legs. Pieces of flesh and blood rolled out, and a pair of slender legs pulled out from the flesh and blood.
Then it was her shoulders, chest, and waist. For a moment, the smell of blood filled the dark room.
Not long after, a perfect body walked out from the pile of minced flesh.
Although she was still confused, she seemed to be in a much better mood. Her snow-white feet were bare as she walked back and forth in the dark room filled with blood and flesh.
When she started to move, the beam of light from the valley also started to move with her.
The tombstone and soil around the tomb had changed their characteristics with the birth of the Pure Witch. They were no longer the dark realm material and naturally would not be eroded by the light.
But the material outside the beam of light was different. As long as it came into contact with the light, the energy between the two would annihilate each other.
As the beam of light began to move, the ground in the middle of the valley was also eroded into gullies. Some of the pig-faced monsters who were originally worshipping were almost swept by the beam of light. Those pig-faced monsters hurriedly hid at the edge of the valley and looked at this scene with a serious expression.
"What the hell happened?"
"The beam of light moved?"
"It's Lord Hu Yun! Lord Hu Yun completed the Pure Witch Transformation? "
The pig-faced monsters who knew the inside story knew that the beam of light was not shining on the tomb, nor was it shining on the tombstone. It was shining on Lord Hu Yun himself.
Once Lord Hu Yun became a Pure One, wherever this pillar of light went, it would follow!
Now that the beam of light was moving around, it was obvious that Lord Hu Yun had awakened. As he walked in the dark room, the beam of light naturally moved with him.
The green pig-faced monster frowned and said, "If Lord Hu Yun succeeded, why didn't he leave the dark room?"
"Maybe he needs to prepare?" A pig-faced monster next to him laughed strangely.
"It's said that the Pure Witch can give us the ability to leave the darkness?" Another pig-faced monster was full of expectations.
The green pig-faced monster nodded and said, "I heard so, but it's not permanent."
"That's still better than staying in the Tenebrous Domain," the pig-faced monster said excitedly.
As the pillar of light continued to move, the ravines on the ground became deeper and deeper. In the end, the pillar of light returned to its original position and stopped moving. The people of the pig-faced monsters thought that Lord Hu Yun was about to be born, and all of them knelt on the ground, waiting respectfully.
At the same time...
In the Black Pool behind the valley, Luo Zheng was thrown into the depths of the Black Pool by the octopus.
After experiencing it several times, Luo Zheng even got used to it.
These Green Jade Worms were extremely poisonous to other creatures, but to Luo Zheng, it was only a matter of being pricked several hundred times. At least he was still alive.
But what Luo Zheng didn't know was that the Green Jade Worms weren't the only ones living in the Black Pool!
"Something's not right today … where are those bugs?"
In the depths of the black pond, Luo Zheng floated quietly, a strange expression on his face.
The time it took for a stick of incense to burn passed. According to the rhythm of the past few days, the Green Jade Worms should have swarmed over. But now, it was exceptionally quiet, and not a single Green Jade Worm appeared.
"Could it be that they've gone extinct because I've caught too many in the past few days?" Such a thought popped up in Luo Zheng's mind.
Just as his thoughts were running wild, a ripple suddenly came from the viscous Black Pool.
After feeling the ripple, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly skipped a beat.
The Black Pool was extremely viscous, and even Luo Zheng found it extremely difficult to swim freely in it. With such a huge ripple, it was most likely some huge creature, and its strength was even more difficult to estimate …
"Please don't come for me," Luo Zheng prayed in his heart.
As the ripples in the Black Pool became stronger and stronger, Luo Zheng's heart sank to the bottom. The huge creature was rapidly approaching.
He somewhat understood why the Green Jade Worms didn't come out. It was probably to avoid this huge creature.
"Gululu …"
When the ripples suddenly stopped, a suction force suddenly came from the front. Immediately, Luo Zheng felt as if his whole body had fallen into the mouth of a huge beast. After swallowing Luo Zheng, this huge mouth dragged him down along with the Bronze Iron Plate.
The octopuses above the Black Pool had been firmly using their tentacles to firmly hold the rope on the Bronze Iron Plate. After feeling the Bronze Iron Plate sinking, the octopuses also began to pull upwards.
The strength of these octopuses was not small. Even Luo Zheng had no room to resist.
But the huge creature in the Black Pool was also not small. It desperately dragged Luo Zheng into the depths of the Black Pool. Thus, the two sides confronted each other.
Luo Zheng's face was full of helplessness. In this situation, he also had no room to resist.
However, Luo Zheng still hoped that the octopuses would drag him up. Being their bait was better than being buried in their bellies …
This confrontation lasted for a while. Under the sudden force of the octopuses above, Luo Zheng felt that he was being dragged all the way up and out of the Black Pool.
But he was still in the huge mouth and surrounded by darkness. He could only feel that he was rising!
"Bang!"
Under the heavy impact, the huge creature that swallowed Luo Zheng also fell heavily on the top of the mountain and spat out Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was dizzy from the impact. He climbed up with the help of the Bronze Iron Gate. Only then did he see the shape of the huge creature.
The huge creature had a huge mouth and a pair of wings. Its whole body was cyan, as smooth as congealed fat, as if it was carved out of cyan jade. But it was a living huge creature!
"Ga …"
The huge cyan jade beast lowered its head and roared.
It no longer targeted Luo Zheng. Instead, it pounced on the nearest octopus.
The octopuses also understood that they were no match for the huge creature. They quickly retracted their tentacles and rushed towards the valley.
Although their movements were extremely fast, the last octopus was still pressed under the feet of the huge creature. After being bitten by the huge creature, it was immediately bitten into several pieces.
Luo Zheng was originally hanging on the tentacle of the last octopus. Since the octopus was torn to pieces, it naturally couldn't bring Luo Zheng back to the valley.
The huge cyan jade beast swallowed the "octopus" into its stomach in a few bites. Then, it turned its head and looked at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng looked at the huge creature's ferocious appearance and his face became very ugly. In a moment of desperation, he suddenly exerted his strength and rolled down the mountain along with the Bronze Iron Gate. This mountain was steep, so the speed of rolling down was naturally not slow. Although he would be injured along the way, it was better than being buried in the stomach of the huge creature!
When the huge cyan jade beast saw Luo Zheng rolling down the mountain, its eyes flashed fiercely. It actually followed him all the way down the mountain.

Chapter 2963
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Present World
These octopuses had no natural enemies in the Thirteenth Heaven.
Their only weakness was that they couldn't leave the triangular caves, and their range of movement was extremely limited.
What kind of creature could make these octopuses run like this?
"Clang, clang, clang …"
Following closely behind the octopuses was Luo Zheng, who was trapped in the bronze plate.
He rolled down the steep mountain wall, hitting the bronze plate with a loud noise.
"Clang!"
In the end, Luo Zheng crashed into the valley, and half of his body was embedded in the ground.
The two pig-faced monsters beside him were pale. They were so close to being hit by Luo Zheng. If they were really hit, they would definitely die.
"What the hell is going on …"
"Look, what's that!"
"That looks like green jade …"
The pig-faced monsters had lived in the Black Pool for so many years, and they knew a thing or two about the Black Pool.
The creatures in the Black Pool were very special. Those green jade worms were only one of them, and they were of the lowest level.
The green jade worms were not made of flesh and blood. The entire worm looked like it was carved out of green jade, and its texture was very hard.
And there was more than one of these special creatures in the Black Pool.
Some of the pig-faced monsters had seen giant beasts emerging from the Black Pool. These giant beasts were green all over, and their texture was exactly the same as the green jade worms. However, such giant green jade beasts had only appeared once or twice, and many of the pig-faced monsters didn't believe it at all. They thought it was just a rumor.
As for whether there really were green jade beasts in the Black Pool, it was something that couldn't be verified.
No creature had ever returned alive after exploring the Black Pool. The pig-faced monsters knew nothing about how deep the Black Pool was, or what kind of creatures lived in it.
However, this time, there was a weirdo, Luo Zheng. He was the only "bait" that could be used repeatedly after being bitten by the green jade worms.
But the pig-faced monsters didn't expect that Luo Zheng would lure the green jade beasts out of the Black Pool!
"Ta, ta, ta …"
The green jade beasts had wings on their back, and with four legs, they could easily climb down the steep mountain wall.
Just as Luo Zheng hit the ground, the Green Jade Behemoth also jumped into the valley.
Many of the pig-faced monsters looked at the jade-like giant beast and felt its powerful aura. Fear grew in their hearts, and some of the pig-faced monsters were even trembling.
However, the Green Jade Giant Beast did not have much interest in the weak pig-faced monsters in the valley. It only glanced at them for a moment before leaping into the triangular cave.
The octopus hiding in the triangular cave naturally tried its best to resist, but the Green Jade Beast was too strong. Even with dozens of tentacles entangling the Green Jade Beast, the Green Jade Beast only needed to struggle slightly to break all the tentacles.
Whether it was the tentacles or the head of the octopus, they were all delicacies in the eyes of the Green Jade Giant Beast. With just a few bites, the octopus was completely devoured!
After retreating from the triangular cave, the Green Jade Giant Beast was obviously not satisfied and went into another cave.
A series of noises could be heard coming from the triangular cave. Another octopus was eaten by the Green Jade Beast.
"What should we do?"
"That Green Jade Giant Beast is so ferocious!"
"We are all eaten. How are we going to survive in the future …"
The pig-faced monsters' faces were extremely ugly, and each of them looked as if their parents had died.
The reason why they were able to establish themselves in the Thirteenth Heaven was because of these "octopuses". Now that the octopuses were being eaten by the Green Jade Giant Beast, their days in the dark realm would be very difficult.
"We still have Lord Hu Yun!"
"Lord Hu Yun has become a Pure Witch!"
"Lord Hu Yun! Why haven't you come out yet? This Green Jade Giant Beast is definitely no match for you! "
Just now, the light pillar on the tomb moved one round and then there was no movement. They did not know what was going on in the dark room under the tomb.
After the Green Jade Giant Beast emptied the octopuses one by one along the triangular cave, it returned to the valley and started a new round of massacre of the pig-faced monsters.
The pig-faced monsters in the valley fled in all directions, letting out a series of screams and wails.
After a round of massacre, the Green Jade Giant Beast's eyes fell on Luo Zheng again. It was fished up from the Black Pool by this human.
Feeling the Green Jade Giant Beast's gaze, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a bitter smile.
Those Green Jade Worms could not poison him to death, but this Green Jade Giant Beast could easily tear the octopuses apart. His body was probably like a piece of paper in front of it.
However, Luo Zheng was now a fish on the chopping board. Not to mention resisting, he could not even escape. He could only lie on the ground and stare at the Green Jade Giant Beast walking towards him step by step.
…
…
Under the tomb.
After wandering a few rounds, the human girl returned to the center of the dark room and sat on the pile of bloody meat.
This narrow space made her very confused. This world should not be so narrow, so cramped and dark.
What was the problem?
Just then, she heard shouts from outside.
"Hu Yun …"
She was somewhat familiar with this name, as if it was calling out to her?
But subconsciously, she recalled that the corresponding face was a repulsive pig face. Thinking of that ugly face, she could not help but frown, and an instinctive resistance arose spontaneously.
Although these shouts were annoying, it also reminded her that there was a wider space outside.
"I want to go out …"
After this thought appeared in her mind, she lightly tapped the ground with the tip of her foot.
Just by relying on the strength of her small foot, her body shot up like a sharp arrow. The explosive power of this body was evident.
"Crash …"
The new soil covering the tomb exploded in all directions, and the girl rushed out from it.
The moment she touched the light, the pillar of light also underwent a significant change.
Originally, this light was in the form of a circular pillar of light, but the moment it touched the girl's body, all the light concentrated on her, reflecting her entire body into a white silhouette.
"This light … is very comfortable …"
Bathed in the light, the girl was extremely relaxed.
She felt that there were countless little spirits hidden in the light, and these little spirits were completely under her control.
With a slight thought, the light began to weave continuously, turning into a sparkling palace dress on her body.
At this moment, the pig-faced monster and Luo Zheng in the valley were dumbfounded.
The pig-faced monster was crazily slaughtered by the Green Jade Giant Beast, and its heart was filled with fear and desolation. The tomb suddenly exploded, and the pig-faced monsters who were fleeing in all directions were immediately delighted. At the crucial moment, Lord Hu Yun finally appeared.
But when the creatures under the tomb rushed out, what appeared in front of them was actually a human girl!
Luo Zheng's mood was similar to the pig-faced monster's.

Chapter 2964
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Disordered Memory
"Feng Ge?"
Now that Feng Ge possessed the body of the Nirvana Realm, Luo Zheng recognized him at a glance, whether it was his fine black hair or his deep eyes.
When the woman heard the two words "Feng Ge", she seemed to be in a trance.
That seemed to be her name, but she couldn't remember it …
This young man seemed very familiar, very close, but who was he?
Seeing him being caught by the green giant beast, the woman felt unhappy for no reason. She said coldly, "Evil creature, stay away from him."
"Huff …"
The green giant beast roared. It felt a sense of threat from the woman. It didn't want to provoke this woman, but it wouldn't listen to her order to leave Luo Zheng behind.
After it caught Luo Zheng with its front claws, it climbed up the mountain wall at the back of the valley. Although it had such a huge body, it was as agile as a cat.
The woman still had a thoughtful look on her face, but she didn't know why she felt uneasy when she saw the young man being caught by the green giant beast.
Almost instinctively, she raised her hand gently, and a ball of light gathered in her hand.
"Buzz …"
Those elf-like rays of light began to move according to her thoughts, and a white ray of light shot towards the Green Jade Giant Beast!
No matter how fast and agile the green giant beast was, it couldn't outrun the light.
"Hiss …"
The moment the light shrouded the green giant beast, black smoke came out from the surface of the green giant beast's body. Its originally smooth skin became mottled and holes appeared.
"Woo!"
The green giant beast let out a scream and slid down from the steep mountain wall.
"Kill this giant beast!"
"Come on, Master Hu Yun!"
"This giant beast has killed more than half of our people!"
Those pig-faced monsters who were lucky enough to survive hid in the corner of the valley and shouted loudly.
They didn't know who this woman was, but a person who could freely control the light should be a pure witch. Some of the pig-faced monsters even recognized her as Master Hu Yun!
Seeing that the green giant beast was about to fall into the valley, its back shook slightly. Its pair of green wings suddenly spread out, and it flew up abruptly!
Seeing this scene, the woman's expression didn't change much. Her eyes flashed slightly, and she raised her hand to point at the green giant beast. Thick beams of light continuously shot towards the green giant beast.
The green giant beast that flew with its wings was more agile. It reached out its hand and dragged a green shadow, flying back and forth in the beams of light.
The Green Jade Beast's body was far thicker than an ordinary body. Even if it was occasionally illuminated by the light, it would not be easily eliminated. It was like a butterfly flying through flowers, dancing in the light pillar a few times, and actually pouncing towards the woman!
"Feng Ge! Be careful! "
Luo Zheng and the green giant beast swooped down together.
The green giant beast had such a huge body. If it really hit, it could smash her into minced meat.
The woman blinked her eyes, and her pupils dilated slightly. A light seal appeared under her feet. Then, she stepped on the light seal with the tip of her foot. Her thin lips opened slightly, and she said, "Great Brahma … Immeasurable Divine Light …"
This magical power was her instinct, and she could use it at will.
"Buzz!"
From the mark of light in front of her feet, a thin ray of light as thin as a hair shot into the sky.
"It didn't hit?"
Luo Zheng saw that thin ray of light pass by the green giant beast, and his face showed a look of regret.
But in the next moment, Luo Zheng knew that he was wrong, and very wrong. The power that Feng Ge controlled was far beyond his imagination.
That thin ray of light began to expand wildly in an instant, forming a glaring beam of light. In the blink of an eye, it filled the entire valley!
Everything in the valley was eliminated by this beam of light. Rocks, leaves, caves, and pig-faced monsters …
A mere valley could not restrain the expansion of this beam of light. As the beam of light expanded again, the mountain walls on both sides of the valley, the surrounding mountain streams, and the mountain range were all included!
The creatures lurking in the dark realm all saw a scene that made them fearful and uneasy!
"A Pure Witch of the 13th Heaven has also been born?"
"It seems to come from the area of the pig-faced monsters …"
"Hmph, it should be the support of the Blood Council. Otherwise, how could a Pure Witch be born among those idiots?"
This beam of light with a diameter of thousands of feet continued to shine for dozens of breaths before gradually dimming.
The entire valley and the surrounding mountain range had completely disappeared, and a huge circular hole had appeared on the ground.
The only thing that was unscathed was the grave and the tombstone. Even the dark room under the tombstone was intact, standing alone in the same place …
Luo Zheng moved his hands and climbed up from the ground.
The thick bronze plate also disappeared in the strong light. Luo Zheng naturally regained his freedom.
"This thing … was not completely eliminated? How could it be … "
He glanced to the side and saw a green thing on the ground. It was the Green Jade Beast.
The Green Jade Beast, which was originally huge, was now only the size of a fist!
The Green Jade Beast should be a real creature of the dark realm. Logically speaking, it should have disappeared in the light. Why did it become like this instead? Luo Zheng was also extremely puzzled.
He reached out and picked up the Green Jade Beast. There was a cold touch where he touched it, as if this thing was really a jade object and not a living thing.
Just as Luo Zheng was looking at the Green Jade Beast in his hand, a light flashed in front of his eyes. Feng Ge had already walked up to him.
"What did you just call me?" She asked.
"Feng Ge." Luo Zheng frowned.
Feng Ge tilted her head and looked at Luo Zheng with innocent eyes. She asked, "What's your name?"
Seeing Feng Ge like this, Luo Zheng sighed slightly in his heart.
At the last moment when he was caught by those tentacles, the white shadow had already rushed towards Feng Ge's Yang Soul. At that time, Luo Zheng was also helpless. Feng Ge's Yang Soul would have been swallowed by the white shadow.
The final result was completely different from what Luo Zheng had imagined.
Perhaps there were some exceptions in the process of swallowing. Not only did the white shadow fail to swallow, but it also allowed Feng Ge's memory fire to become the dominant force.
However, Feng Ge's Yang Soul had also suffered a lot of damage. At least, there was a problem with her memory.
"My name is Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng replied.
"Luo Zheng …" Feng Ge called softly.
Luo Zheng nodded and asked, "Do you remember?"
"Yes," Feng Ge nodded and replied with a serious face.
Luo Zheng looked at Feng Ge strangely and asked, "What do you remember?"
Who would have thought that Feng Ge would suddenly throw herself on Luo Zheng. The pair of bright eyes under her thin eyebrows were full of tenderness. Normally, such an expression would never appear on Feng Ge's face.
She said, "I remember that I seemed to like you very much."
This time, it was Luo Zheng's turn to be dumbfounded.

Chapter 2965
Be driven into a corner
In the past, Feng Ge always had the attitude of keeping people a thousand miles away from him. Now, his warm and affectionate appearance made Luo Zheng very uncomfortable. This should not be Feng Ge at all.
However, looking at that pair of exquisite face that was just inches away from him, Luo Zheng felt a rush of excitement. In terms of beauty, in the entire Greater One Heavenly Palace, only Ling Shuang could compete with her.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "You must have remembered it wrong." Then he gently pushed Feng Ge away.
"Did I remember wrongly?"
Feng Ge's eyes were filled with confusion as he continued to search through the memories in his mind. Among the messy memory fragments, Feng Ge quickly found another clue.
A trace of anger suddenly appeared in her eyes. "How dare you trespass into my territory?"
"Hmm? Which part of your territory? "
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. Before he could react, he saw Feng Ge's palm coming at him, imprinting itself on his chest.
"Pu!"
The creatures of the Tenebrous Domain were originally exceptionally powerful. Not to mention the black monkey and Three-eyed Boy, even the pig-faced monsters and human-monkey monsters were far stronger than the creatures outside the Tenebrous Domain.
The body of a Pure Witch was refined using a special method. Even though the body had just been born, the power contained in it was already extremely terrifying.
Feng Ge's small palm pressed down lightly, but it already exceeded the strength of a thousand Shen Jun. Luo Zheng felt his chest cave in, and his entire body flew into the air, smashing heavily into the ground a few hundred meters away.
"Cough cough …"
Luo Zheng got up from the ground and coughed up two mouthfuls of blood.
What was wrong with this woman? Just a moment ago, she was still so gentle and lovely, but the next moment, she directly attacked.
With that terrifying power just now, he really intended to kill him!
"Whoosh …"
When Feng Ge saw Luo Zheng crawling up from the ground, her eyebrows suddenly furrowed. She tapped the ground with the tip of her foot and flew up into the air. After drawing a perfect arc in the air, she pressed her foot down and directly stepped on Luo Zheng.
If this stomp hit, Luo Zheng would probably be trampled into two pieces!
Luo Zheng took a deep breath and rolled to the side, dodging the attack in a sorry state.
Boom!
Feng Ge's stomp created a large crater that was dozens of feet wide on the ground.
This time, Feng Ge suddenly twisted her body and grabbed Luo Zheng with one hand. This time, Luo Zheng couldn't dodge in time and could only watch her grab his neck.
Luo Zheng had no doubt that as long as Feng Ge exerted a little force, his head would be separated from his body. Pure Witches were really terrifying!
"Anyone who dares to break into my Holy Tomb will die," Feng Ge said sternly.
"Wait, wait, wait …" Luo Zheng raised his hands and made a gesture of surrender.
"What are you waiting for?" Feng Ge asked.
After listening to Feng Ge's words just now, Luo Zheng understood a little.
Just now, Luo Zheng told Feng Ge that she remembered wrongly. Feng Ge began to search for memories about herself in the depths of her soul. The memories in the depths of her soul were not only about Feng Ge, but also the memories of the white shadow, which was the memory of Lord Hu Yun from the pig-faced monster clan.
In Hu Yun's memory, Luo Zheng was the person who broke into the Holy Tomb and disturbed its pure reincarnation. Hu Yun naturally had to kill Luo Zheng. Feng Ge was affected by this memory and naturally began to "eliminate" Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng immediately said, "Did you remember wrongly again?"
"Remembered wrongly again?" Feng Ge clutched Luo Zheng's neck and fell into confusion again.
Luo Zheng said very helplessly, "Yes, think again … who am I?"
In just a moment, the expression on Feng Ge's face changed 180 degrees again. She clutched Luo Zheng's neck and pulled him into her arms. She said in a low voice, "En, I remember now! You are Luo Zheng, the person I like! "
This time Luo Zheng did not dare to talk nonsense.
He did not die in the hands of the octopuses, did not die in the hands of the pig-faced monsters, and even the green jade worms in the black pool were not able to bite him to death. If he died in the hands of Feng Ge, it would be too unfair.
"Yes, yes, yes, I am the person you like," Luo Zheng echoed.
He now wanted to coax Feng Ge and then take her out of the dark domain and out of the other side!
There were so many capable people in the Greater One Heavenly Palace, there must be someone who could cure her memory disorder.
"Then do you like me?" Feng Ge asked, blinking her eyes.
"Yes," Luo Zheng said without hesitation.
When Feng Ge heard this, she revealed an innocent and brilliant smile, seriously looked at Luo Zheng, then closed her eyes and said, "Then kiss me!"
"… …"
In the face of Feng Ge's sudden request, Luo Zheng froze.
Even if they wanted to talk about love, there was no need to choose such a bad environment like the dark domain. Moreover, Feng Ge's body had just been born from flesh and blood, the strong smell of blood rushed to the nose, such an atmosphere was really strange … …
Feng Ge waited for a while, then opened her eyes and looked at Luo Zheng with a puzzled gaze. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing, nothing … …"
Luo Zheng was also afraid that Feng Ge would doubt him again, and evoke Hu Yun's memory to kill him. He was not taking advantage of Feng Ge's perilous situation, and almost without hesitation, kissed Feng Ge's soft lips.
… …
… …
In the past, the 13th Heaven's dark domain expanded extremely slowly.
For millions of years, the two dark domains only occupied one-fifth of the 13th Heaven.
But in recent years, the dark domain's expansion speed was constantly accelerating.
The discovery of a large number of Searing Crystal veins in the 13th Heaven attracted the attention of the powerful races in the Upper Heaven.
"Whoosh whoosh … …"
Three black monkeys ran wildly between the mountains.
These three black monkeys were only as tall as a person, compared to the black monkeys that were easily over ten feet tall, they were particularly short.
The surface of their bodies was covered with pieces of palm-sized yellow paper, looking like a layer of armor made of paper.
Each piece of yellow paper had a Sanskrit written on it. As they continued to jump up and down the mountain, the yellow paper continued to flutter in the wind, making rustling sounds.
Whether it was in terms of speed or strength, these three black monkeys were far stronger than ordinary black monkeys.
Not long after, the three black monkeys had already climbed over the mountain peak. Looking down, the three monkey faces were filled with shock.
Looking down from this angle, one could see a circular empty area. Everything in this area had basically disappeared.
"This … Is this the power of that ray of light?"
"The Pure Witch's strength is not limited to this."
"Too terrifying! If the Blood Council wants to interfere, I'm afraid we won't be able to keep our mines! "
The two black monkeys' expressions were not good.

Chapter 2966
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
An important memory.
After the black monkey came to this conclusion, the other two black monkeys also became serious.
No matter how cruel the pure witches of the pig-faced monsters were, it was impossible for them to attack their own kind. There was no reason for them to do so.
"The pure witches … are not from the pig-faced monsters?" Another black monkey asked.
"I'm not sure either." The black monkey shook its head.
"It seems that today's observation is really necessary!"
Just as the three black monkeys were discussing, a few red lights appeared a few hundred feet away from them. A few one-eyed monsters were crawling on another mountain top.
"Buzz, buzz …"
The one-eyed monsters had obviously noticed the black monkeys as well. Their eyes flashed at a certain frequency, which meant that they were friendly.
These one-eyed monsters belonged to another faction, and had always minded their own business with the black monkey. They were obviously attracted by the terrifying beam of light.
The black monkeys waved at the one-eyed monsters and moved down the mountain top.
The black monkeys and the one-eyed monsters were not the only ones who were rushing to the pig-faced monsters. The forces lurking in the dark domain were all lurking in the dark.
…
…
Although the entire valley was destroyed, Luo Zheng could still identify the general direction.
As long as they walked back along the mountain stream and climbed to the back wall of the Temple of Heaven, they would be able to leave safely.
With Feng Ge's current strength, the black monkeys would not dare to cause trouble …
"Before you leave, put this thing into your Sumeru Ring." Luo Zheng pointed at the small Green Jade Beast and said.
"Sumeru Ring? What's that? "Feng Ge asked curiously.
Perhaps it was because of the severe memory loss, Feng Ge's expression was like that of a seven or eight-year-old child. He looked innocent and cute.
"Try to recall it yourself." Luo Zheng said impatiently.
Feng Ge blinked and raised his hand gently. "Is … it like this?"
"Buzz!"
As a white square box appeared, the Sumeru Ring appeared in it.
"Hualala …"
Before Luo Zheng could say anything, the Fruit of Darkness, candles, Soul Pills, and a bunch of other Paramita tokens poured out of the Sumeru Ring.
"There are actually so many things!"
Feng Ge was pleasantly surprised as he grabbed the Soul Pills and played with them.
Luo Zheng curled his lips. He grabbed her hand and stuffed the things in the Sumeru Ring back little by little. Then he said, "Now is not the time to play. When we leave the Dark Realm, you can do whatever you want!"
"Oh …" Feng Ge nodded obediently.
When Luo Zheng stuffed the small Green Jade Behemoth into his spatial ring, Feng Ge stared at the Green Jade Behemoth, a strange look in his eyes. "I can't leave the Dark Domain."
Hearing Feng Ge's tone, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned. He asked curiously, "Why can't we leave?"
"I have something important to do, something very important, very important …" As Feng Ge spoke, he suddenly stood up, turned his head, and dashed in the other direction. His speed was actually extremely fast.
What do you mean by 'something important'? Luo Zheng cursed in his heart.
But in Feng Ge's state, Luo Zheng couldn't just leave her alone. He could only chase after her.
Fortunately, Feng Ge was wearing clothes made of light, which was particularly eye-catching in the code. Naturally, he was not afraid of losing her …
Because she was so eye-catching, it was easy for the creatures hiding in the dark domain to find her.
Three black monkeys were creeping in a hidden place. The yellow paper on their bodies emitted a unique aura. This aura could hide their bodies, making them difficult to be seen by the naked eye.
"That's a Pure Witch!"
"Human, human?"
"How could it be …"
The three black monkeys all looked as if they had seen a ghost.
Subconsciously, they still regarded Hu Yun as a Pure Witch. When they saw Feng Ge, a female human, they were naturally shocked.
Not only the black monkeys, but the creatures lurking in other places also had strange and puzzled expressions. God knows what happened inside the pig-faced monster clan.
Feng Ge moved forward at an extremely fast speed. Luo Zheng also had some difficulty following behind. Fortunately, she didn't go too far. Suddenly, she stopped and stared ahead in a daze.
After Luo Zheng walked over, he found that Feng Ge had stopped in front of the Black Pool!
"Black Pool …"
Luo Zheng looked at the dark quagmire and felt fear in his heart. Although those green jade worms didn't kill him, that experience was enough for him to remember for a lifetime.
After Feng Ge released the light beam, the surrounding mountains were razed to the ground, but the Black Pool remained.
"Feng Ge doesn't know the existence of the Black Pool at all. She has been repeatedly saying something very important. This memory shouldn't be Feng Ge's, but Hu Yun's." Luo Zheng quickly made a judgment.
This matter must be extremely important to Hu Yun, so the memory it formed was especially deep.
It seemed that this Black Pool wasn't as simple as just providing food for the octopuses …
"Feng Ge, what is so important?" Luo Zheng asked from the side.
Feng Ge stared at the Black Pool and said, "I want to go in …"
"There is a type of poisonous worm at the bottom of the Black Pool. It's extremely poisonous. If you go in, I'm afraid …"
Under Luo Zheng's persuasion, Feng Ge had already jumped into the Black Pool. With a splash, he dived into the Black Pool.
"This …"
Although Feng Ge's body was strong, it might not be able to resist the poison of the green jade worms. Seeing this, Luo Zheng also jumped into the Black Pool.
After entering the Black Pool, Luo Zheng's eyes couldn't see anything at all. Moreover, the pool was extremely viscous. Even if Luo Zheng wanted to dive in, it was very difficult.
In a moment of desperation, he grabbed Feng Ge's jade-like foot and was dragged down by Feng Ge.
Ten zhang …
Thirty zhang …
One hundred zhang …
Previously, when Luo Zheng was pulled by the rope and thrown into the Black Pool by the octopuses, Luo Zheng thought that he was about to reach the bottom of the Black Pool.
However, now that Feng Ge had dragged him down for such a long time, he still hadn't reached the bottom. This Black Pool was much deeper than he thought.
Along the way, Luo Zheng didn't see the green jade worms that he was worried about, but he didn't see the green jade behemoth.
After diving down for more than three thousand zhang, Feng Ge suddenly stopped. Luo Zheng reached down and touched the bottom. The bottom was unusually cold and smooth. It felt similar to the green jade behemoth.
"What the hell is at the bottom? Unfortunately, I can't see …"
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking this, a blazing white light suddenly came from the side. The moment this light bloomed, the black mud at the bottom of the Black Pool disappeared.

Chapter 2967
Instruments of Civilization
With the help of the light released by Feng Ge, Luo Zheng was finally able to see his surroundings clearly. His eyes were filled with surprise.
The ground beneath his and Feng Ge's feet was actually paved with a huge piece of green jade!
"Don't tell me this green jade is spread over the entire bottom of the Black Pool?" Luo Zheng muttered.
Feng Ge seemed to have already known this, and his expression did not change.
There were many patterns on the green jade floor at the bottom of the black pool. She lowered her head and looked at them. She quickly followed the patterns and focused on searching for something.
The green jade itself could not resist the light released by Feng Ge. Wherever the light passed, the originally smooth green jade surface would be corroded and filled with holes.
After walking a dozen steps along the bottom of the black pool, the green jade floor beneath his feet turned from dark green to light green. The green jade itself began to become transparent, and he could see through it without any hindrance.
"This is …"
Luo Zheng saw some messy lines on the green jade floor. Upon closer inspection, he discovered that they weren't lines at all! They were basically Green Jade Worms embedded in them!
Those Green Jade Worms in the Black Pool couldn't have grown from this huge green jade, right?
A strange thought appeared in Luo Zheng's mind …
In any case, there were all sorts of strange things in this damned place. No matter how bold his guess was, it wouldn't be too much.
Luo Zheng's idea was confirmed as soon as it was born. Perhaps they were disturbed by the light released by Feng Ge, the green jade worms under the green jade suddenly moved and flew around inside the green jade.
The sturdy green jade was like water to these Green Jade Worms. They could swim freely in it.
If it didn't come out, the Green Jade Worm would be fine. After all, the outer layer of the Green Jade Ground blocked the light from dispersing.
However, these Green Jade Worms seemed to be courting death. As they fluttered in the air, they actually drilled out from below!
The green needles in their mouths pierced upwards, and in an instant, the ground was covered with green needles!
"Be careful!"
He wasn't sure if Feng Ge had the ability to resist the Green Jade Poison. The moment these Green Jade Worms came out, it would be troublesome if they bit Feng Ge.
Luo Zheng lifted Feng Ge up and put him on his shoulder.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt a piercing pain coming from his feet. Groups of Green Jade Venomous Bugs had gathered under his feet and were piercing their poisonous needles through the Green Jade Venomous Bugs into his feet.
Although Luo Zheng was not afraid of Green Jade Poison, it was still quite painful to have countless needles piercing into his soles.
Moreover, there were poisonous needles in front of him. It was as if he was walking on a mountain of needles!
Just after taking a few steps, Luo Zheng's feet had been pierced by the poison needles and were bleeding profusely. He had no choice but to stop...
"Go!"
Feng Ge sat on his shoulder and issued an order. With a wave of his hand, a strong ray of light shone under Luo Zheng's feet. As soon as the green poisonous needles emerged from the Green Jade Ground, they were completely eliminated, opening a path for Luo Zheng.
After the Green Jade Venomous Bugs realized that they couldn't stop Luo Zheng, they simply drilled out from the Green Jade Ground. Like a swarm of bees, they crazily rushed towards Feng Ge.
"Hmph..."
Feng Ge snorted lightly and revealed a slightly naive smile.
A white halo spread out from his body. The moment the Green Jade Venomous Bugs left the Green Jade Ground, they were completely eliminated. They couldn't get close to Feng Ge at all.
This suicidal attack of the Green Jade Venomous Bugs lasted for half an incense stick's worth of time before finally stopping. It was unknown how many Green Jade Venomous Bugs had disappeared in the light.
"Phew..."
Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief.
These Green Jade Venomous Bugs had been dealt with. Hopefully, they wouldn't encounter those Green Jade Beasts.
Just as this thought emerged in his mind, he saw a pair of huge eyes in front of him. Under the Green Jade Ground, there was a Green Jade Beast embedded in it!
However, although this Green Jade Beast's eyes were wide open, they were lifeless, as if they were dead.
"If this thing can come out, I'm afraid it'll be troublesome..." Luo Zheng thought.
He couldn't fight against the Green Jade Beast. Even if Feng Ge wanted to subdue this Green Jade Beast, it would be quite difficult.
Fortunately, what Luo Zheng was worried about didn't happen. The Green Jade Beast didn't come out of the ground.
After walking a little further, Luo Zheng saw even more Green Jade Beasts. These Green Jade Beasts were entangled with each other. At a casual count, there were as many as fifty to sixty of them!
Moreover, Luo Zheng only saw the Green Jade Beasts that were closer to the ground. Who knew how deep the Green Jade Ground was? The number of Green Jade Beasts hidden in the depths was probably uncountable!
If these Green Jade Beasts were released, they could easily flatten the 13th Layer of Heaven...
Continuing to walk forward for several tens of feet, they left the range of the Green Jade Beasts. The Green Jade Ground under their feet also became spacious, reflecting a dark green luster.
Just when Luo Zheng thought that there was nothing below, a green feather suddenly appeared. It was a feather that was several tens of feet long.
"This feather is so big!" Luo Zheng sighed.
"Finally found it!"
Feng Ge revealed a smile. With a light jump, she jumped down from Luo Zheng's shoulder and ran along the feather on her tiptoes.
Luo Zheng followed closely behind her. Looking down, he found that the number of feathers was increasing... Luo Zheng felt very strange. His eyebrows suddenly raised.
These clumps of feathers were obviously the wings of a huge bird! There was actually an abnormally huge bird hidden under the Green Jade Ground?
As Luo Zheng continued to move forward, he saw more and more feathers. Finally, he saw a huge bird's head. This scene confirmed Luo Zheng's guess.
Feng Ge ran all the way and only stopped after passing by the huge bird's head.
Under the Green Jade Ground in front of her, there was a strange diamond-shaped thorny ball embedded in it.
After looking at it for a while, Feng Ge knelt beside it and placed her palm on top of the thorny ball. A strong light was released from her palm.
"Buzz buzz buzz..."
The Green Jade Ground was like a piece of green ice. Under Feng Ge's strong light, it quickly disappeared. Soon, a large hole appeared, and the diamond-shaped thorny ball embedded in it was exposed.
It was unknown what material this diamond-shaped thorny ball was made of. Under the strong light, its surface was slightly black, but it was not eliminated.
"What is this?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I don't know," Feng Ge replied.
Driven by the memory in her mind, she came back to look for this diamond-shaped thorny ball. As for what this thing was and what it was used for, she really didn't know...
Luo Zheng was speechless. After a while, he said with a helpless expression, "You searched for so long to find this thing, and you say you don't know..."

Chapter 2968
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Green Jade Civilization
"Instrument of Civilization?" Luo Zheng couldn't figure it out with just the name. "What's the use of it?"
"Let me think about it …"
Feng Ge continued to search for information about this thing in her memory.
But just as she was thinking, she felt a tearing feeling in the depths of her soul, as if some memories were about to break out. She immediately squatted down with her hands covering her head. "Ouch, it hurts …"
"Clack, clack, clack …"
She loosened her grip, and the "Instrument of Civilization" rolled onto the green jade ground.
"I really can't remember. My head hurts!" Feng Ge complained.
Feng Ge really couldn't think too much in this situation. Luo Zheng reached out and gently rubbed her forehead. Then, he asked her to take out dozens of Soul Elixirs and swallow them.
Feng Ge's body was different from Luo Zheng's.
Luo Zheng's body was projected from the mother world to the Nirvana Realm. The two were one. Feng Ge's soul was still in the Nirvana Realm. Her current body was equivalent to wearing a set of armor. As for what form her body would take after she left the Nirvana Realm, it was still unknown.
But she could still absorb the Soul Elixirs.
After swallowing the Soul Elixirs, Feng Ge's condition improved slightly. She pouted and hugged her knees. She didn't want to think about it anymore. She only said, "I don't know what this is. I'll give it to you!"
Hearing her childish complaint, Luo Zheng could only comfort her. "Okay, I'll touch this thing …"
Then, Luo Zheng bent down to pick up the "Instrument of Civilization" and looked at it in the palm of his hand.
This thing was extremely exquisite. It looked like a diamond-shaped gem embedded with dozens of spikes.
Luo Zheng gently fiddled with the spikes. Suddenly, he twisted one of the spikes.
"Crack!"
The spikes were actually able to twist!
Luo Zheng was slightly shocked. He must have triggered some mechanism.
"Do I have to twist all these spikes?"
After making this judgment, Luo Zheng began to twist and turn along the spikes.
"Crack, crack, crack …"
Every time he twisted a Soul Spike, the Weapon of Civilization would emit a faint sound.
The sound seemed to come from below the jade, but Luo Zheng looked around and couldn't find the source of the sound.
When Luo Zheng twisted the last spike, the ground under Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's feet suddenly shook violently.
Boom!
The huge green jade at the bottom of the black pond began to vibrate.
"Rumble …"
The black monkeys hiding in the dark and the other foreign races also felt the tremor. Then, they saw the black mud in the Black Pool gushing out in all directions.
"What happened?"
"Something is rising from the black pool!"
"What is that?!"
After all the black mud in the pond flowed away, a huge green jade rock rose from the bottom of the pond. This green jade rock was hundreds of thousands of meters wide.
As the green jade rock rose higher and higher, the ground around the Black Pool began to crack, exposing more green jade. Luo Zheng and Feng Ge also rose from the bottom of the Black Pool.
"This … this is a huge city?"
Luo Zheng looked around, his face full of shock.
The originally flat green jade ground began to become disorderly. Some sunk in, some rose up, and some formed pavilions, towers, houses, and even bridges …
Who would have thought that there was a huge city buried under the Black Pool? And this city was completely carved out of green jade!
All kinds of creatures were embedded in this green jade city.
Green jade poisonous bugs, green jade beasts …
In addition, there were pythons, single-horned bulls, and some strangely shaped creatures.
Luo Zheng wasn't the only one who was shocked. The creatures of the Dark Realm hidden in every corner were also stunned when they saw this green jade city.
The calmest one was probably Feng Ge.
She just thought that this green city looked very exquisite. As for what such a huge city meant, she wasn't interested at all.
"Buzz buzz …"
Stairs continued to extend from the surface of the green jade rock to Luo Zheng's feet.
These stairs led to a green jade tower not far away!
"Let's go and take a look," Luo Zheng said.
Feng Ge didn't respond. She didn't dare to use her brain at all. She did whatever Luo Zheng said and happily followed behind Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng led Feng Ge up the green jade stairs. In a few breaths of time, they had climbed to the top of the tower.
At the top of the tower, there was a square platform. On the square platform, a green dot of light floated. This dot of light danced around like a little fairy, but it couldn't leave the square platform.
Luo Zheng walked to the square platform and reached out to touch the green dot of light. However, the dot of light directly passed through Luo Zheng's palm. It seemed to exist in a different space and had no connection with Luo Zheng's body.
"Buzz …"
After the dot of light passed through Luo Zheng's palm, it curled up in the corner of the square platform and trembled. It seemed to be pointing at Luo Zheng's left hand, which was tightly holding the Tool of Civilization.
"You want this?" Luo Zheng said, pointing at the Tool of Civilization.
It was unknown whether the green dot of light understood or not, but it danced with a buzzing sound, expressing a desire.
Just as Luo Zheng placed the Tool of Civilization, the dot of light hit the Tool of Civilization.
"Whoosh …"
Then, a green light bloomed from the Tool of Civilization, enveloping Luo Zheng and Feng Ge in an instant.
Luo Zheng felt the world spinning in front of him. The Green Jade City disappeared and was replaced by a void. Brown clouds floated in the void.
Feng Ge walked around in the void with a confused look on his face. He asked, "What is this place?"
Luo Zheng could see that the scene in the void was chaos. Just as he was about to answer Feng Ge, an empty voice came from the void. "This is chaos."
Feng Ge blinked and asked, "Who are you?"
"I am the Green Jade Spirit, the only Green Jade Clan member who has never fallen into a deep sleep in hundreds of millions of years," the empty voice replied.
"Then … what does this illusion mean?" Luo Zheng asked.
According to Feng Ge's memory, was it possible that the so-called 'Instrument of Civilization' that they went through so much trouble just to show the picture of this world?
"The Tool of Civilization recorded the life of Chaos No. 749. You can see the birth of the entire Green Jade Civilization, its beginning, its prosperity, and its destruction …" the empty voice replied.
"Chaos No. 749?" Luo Zheng was stunned.

Chapter 2969
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Clash of Civilizations
In the past, many dominator civilizations were born in the chaos.
The Eye Devil Race and the Mitian Race were two dominator civilizations. They had once unified the entire chaos.
"749 Dominator level civilizations …" Luo Zheng smiled and said, "It seems like the number of Dominator level civilizations is much more than I expected."
"There are indeed many," the empty voice replied confidently. "However, there are strong and weak dominator civilizations as well. Our Green Jade Civilization is at least in the top ten."
Luo Zheng did not have much of a reaction to this, but 9527, who had been silent all this time, was shocked. "What? Top ten? "
"Is the top ten a big deal?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Hmph, that Green Jade Spirit is bragging," 9527 sneered.
When the Green Jade Bug and Green Jade Behemoth appeared, 9527 knew that this was a civilization that once existed in the chaos.
In fact, every civilization and every creature in the Paramita could be traced back to their origins and found their way back in the chaos. 9527 did not pay much attention to this civilization.
"Why is it bragging?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
9527 said, "The top ten civilizations are all recorded, but there is no such thing as the Green Jade Civilization. Since the Green Jade Civilization is in the thirteenth heaven, it means that this civilization is not very competitive. If they are really in the top ten civilizations, they are at least in the thirty-second heaven!"
After hearing 9527's words, Luo Zheng said to the Green Jade Spirit, "If you are a dominator civilization in the top ten, why are you in the 13th Heaven?"
The voice was silent for a while. It did not make much sense for the Green Jade Civilization to keep these secrets, so it said, "Because the 7848th civilization is hunting us …"
"What is the 748th civilization?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
9527 did not know either. Although 9527 had a considerable portion of the original owner's memory, it did not have a thorough understanding of the memories in the Paramita.
"The Zero Return Race, also known as the Reclaimers. They are a dominator civilization that is one rank ahead of us," the voice replied.
"Restarter..." Luo Zheng frowned.
He had once heard Qiu Yinhe mention that there was a group of madmen whose goal was to destroy everything in the primal chaos, so that the primal chaos would never restart and become a void.
"Among the top ten civilizations, the Zero Returning Clan ranks seventh." 9527's voice turned serious. It believed the Green Jade Spirit's words to some extent. Then, it said to Luo Zheng, "If the Rezeros want to hunt down the Green Jade Civilization, the Green Jade Civilization will indeed have no place in the upper heavens of the other side."
"In order to preserve a glimmer of hope for the Green Jade Civilization, we've hidden our last homeland in the Thirteenth Heaven. The Reclaimers will not be able to return to the Color Realm, and they will not be able to kill us even if they enter the Color Realm," the Green Jade Spirit said.
"The Chaos where the Reclaimers lived was destroyed. You are the civilization that was reborn. Why are they chasing you?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
There were too many secrets hidden in the past of the primal chaos. The more he knew, the more ignorant he felt.
"It's simple. In the era of the Green Jade Civilization, the Reclaimers almost caused the entire primal chaos to fall into silence. The primal chaos would never restart, and no life would be born. However, we, the Green Jade Civilization, stopped it from happening," the Green Jade Spirit said proudly.
After the Green Jade Civilization, many other civilizations were born.
If it wasn't for their interference, these civilizations wouldn't have been able to exist. The current Chaos would have long been an empty void.
"On the other hand, we found a way to change the fate of the primal chaos," the Green Jade Spirit continued.
"A way to change the fate of the primal chaos?" Luo Zheng became excited again. "You mean the Reclaimer..."
"Yes, we found a clue. You can see it in the Tool of Civilization," the Green Jade Spirit answered.
Just as Luo Zheng was talking with the Green Jade Spirit, a green light spot appeared in the illusion. The green light spot meant the birth of a new world.
Many incredible life forms had been born in the primal chaos after countless destruction and rebirths over billions of years. The Green Jade Civilization was one of the most unique life forms.
They were not made of flesh and blood. The smallest material that made up their life was the green jade.
The green light spot was the "mother world" of the Green Jade Civilization. It was also an unimaginably huge piece of green jade.
The scenery in front of Luo Zheng was changing rapidly.
The Green Jade World kept expanding as the aura of the primal chaos kept gathering in the green jade. All kinds of life forms were born in the Green Jade World, but they were all made of green jade.
Unlike other civilizations, all the life forms in the Green Jade Civilization were very united. There was almost no war within the same race. They developed at an amazing speed.
A green jade creature appeared in front of Luo Zheng with a flash of green light.
The green jade creature was a bird. Although it was only the size of a fist, Luo Zheng recognized it at a glance. "This is the giant green jade bird sealed in the Green Jade City!"
"It is the Wing King, the first powerhouse of the Green Jade Civilization to set foot on the Nirvana Realm. It is also the king of our entire civilization." The Green Jade Spirit's tone was full of respect.
No wonder …
When Luo Zheng saw the giant bird under the Green Jade World, he was extremely shocked.
This giant bird was the king of a civilization!
In Luo Zheng's era, even the strongest powerhouses of Nuwa, Shennong, Dihong, and the Liyuan Clan could not be compared to the Wing King.
The Wing King grew rapidly before Luo Zheng's eyes. It grew from the size of a fist to a giant bird. The entire Green Jade World grew bigger and more prosperous.
Just as the Green Jade Spirit said, the Tool of Civilization recorded the birth, beginning, prosperity, and destruction of the Green Jade Civilization.
However, during the most prosperous period of the Green Jade Civilization, rebels finally appeared.
The entire Green Jade World was split into two factions, falling into the chaos of years of war.
The Green Jade Spirit explained to Luo Zheng, "The rebels were controlled by the Reclaimers in the Nirvana Realm. The Green Jade Civilization was almost destroyed."
Seeing this, Luo Zheng asked, "If that's the case, the Wing King also chose the Path of the End and failed in the end?"
"He did fail," the Green Jade Spirit said with some regret, "The Wing King found the clues left behind by the No.1 Ruler Civilization and found a way to integrate the Path of the Great Unity. However, he failed in the end."

Chapter 2970
Only for an instant
The Grand Unification of Dao was the Origin Source Energy of the entire Chaotic Origin.
Everything in the Primal Chaos was formed from the Dao Fusion Energy.
When the Primal Chaos first opened, the Dao Fusion Energy was split into 3,000 different energies, known as the 3,000 Deity Daos.
There were many experts who cultivated the 3,000 Deity Daos by themselves. But until now, no one had been able to fuse them together and complete the Grand Unification of Dao Fusion.
Even so, Luo Zheng did not give up on fusing the Dao Fusion Energy. But in the recent few years, he had been immersed in the Paramita and did not spend much time on fusing the Deity Daos.
'Heh, this fellow is talking nonsense again. The 3,000 Deity Daos have never been fused together perfectly. Not in the past, and not in the future.' 9527 refuted in Luo Zheng's mind.
Hearing 9527's affirmation, Luo Zheng took the opportunity to raise his doubts to the Spirit of Green Jade, 'According to what I know, there are many people who cultivated the 3,000 Deity Daos in the Mother World. But no one has succeeded in fusing them together. Even the Ancient God Hundu who once witnessed the Grand Unification of Dao Fusion and grasped the Truth could not do it …'
'The Primal Chaos Ancient God who grasped the Truth? You should be referring to the Children of Truth. Hehe … 'The Spirit of Green Jade faintly laughed before saying,' The Children of Truth are just some housekeepers after the Primal Chaos was created. The Truth they grasped originally has a flaw. '
'The Truth has a flaw? That's impossible right? 'Luo Zheng revealed a look of astonishment.
'Impossible! What a load of nonsense! The Truth is the strongest energy in the Primal Chaos. How could it have a flaw? Nonsense! '9527 inexplicably became agitated.
The reason why the Ancient God Hundu was supreme in the Primal Chaos was because they each grasped a Truth that could not be surpassed. That was an existence above all other energy. This Spirit of Green Jade actually said that the Truth had a flaw? 9527 found it hard to accept.
Who knew that the Spirit of Green Jade sneered, 'I was once a Child of Truth. I grasped a Truth before. Why would I speak nonsense?'
"You once controlled the truth?" Luo Zheng's eyes were full of shock.
"That's right. In the era when the 750th ruler's civilization was ruled by the Mi Tian clan, I was one of the Children of Truth, the Primal Chaos Ancient God you speak of," the jade spirit said calmly, as if this was a very ordinary matter.
Once the Dao Fusion Grand Unification energy gave birth to chaos, it would completely disappear. Therefore, living beings born after the chaos was created would never be able to witness the Dao Fusion Grand Unification. Naturally, they would not be able to become primal chaos ancient gods.
The original owner of 9527 was also a creature from the previous round of chaos.
All the connate dao treasures had been passed down from the previous cycle of chaos.
The jade spirit was born in the 749th chaos. After the 749th chaos was destroyed, all the energy returned and the Dao Fusion Grand Unification was formed again. Only then did it have the opportunity to observe the Dao Fusion Grand Unification. After comprehending the Truth from the Dao Fusion Grand Unification, it became a primal chaos ancient god in the next round of chaos.
The Mi Tian clan was also a ruler's civilization. Luo Zheng had heard the Ear Mice mention it before. However, he did not expect the jade spirit to be the primal chaos ancient god of this civilization, which was also the Child of Truth …
And from the jade spirit's tone, the Child of Truth was just the steward of the next round of chaos. It made it sound so easy!
"But why is there a flaw in the Truth?" Luo Zheng murmured. Although the jade spirit's words were marvelous, he still found it hard to believe.
"Because the Dao-Fusion Grand Unification energy they observed was flawed, the truth naturally became flawed as well." The Spirit of the Green Jade directly replied, "In other words, other than the Dao-Fusion Grand Unification observed by the No.1 Sovereign Civilization, all subsequent Dao-Fusion Grand Unification energies have flaws!"
This reason was very accurate and there was basically no way to refute it.
"Then what kind of civilization is this No.1 ruler's civilization?" Luo Zheng asked.
The chaos had always been alternating between destruction and birth. However, the beginning of everything was the No.1 ruler's civilization. Naturally, Luo Zheng was very curious about this civilization.
"The No.1 ruler's civilization is called the Instant Civilization," the jade spirit said.
"The Instant Civilization?"
"Yes, this civilization only existed for a moment. After that, the entire chaos was destroyed," the jade spirit continued.
A civilization had to go through hundreds of millions of years from birth to prosperity. However, the Instant Civilization only existed for a moment. Luo Zheng felt that his brain was not enough to comprehend it.
The jade spirit seemed to understand Luo Zheng's confusion and said, "To you and me, a moment is like a blink of an eye. However, to the Instant Civilization, it is an eternity. Their concept of time is different from yours and mine! Nearly half of the Sanskrit was created by the Instant Civilization. You should have seen Sanskrit when you entered the Nirvana Realm through cultivation. "
"Sanskrit was created by the Instant Civilization …"
Luo Zheng had long known that Sanskrit was spread from the Nirvana Realm. However, he had no way of knowing who created Sanskrit.
He did not expect that these Sanskrit could be traced back to the beginning of the chaos.
While Luo Zheng was conversing with the Green Jade Spirit, scenes were constantly evolving in the chaotic illusory realm. The Green Jade Civilization was divided into two large groups and launched an extremely intense war.
In the war, the Wing King appeared again. The wings all over his body were blooming with a colorful luster.
Luo Zheng was very familiar with this luster. It was the Fusion Energy. However, this Fusion Energy was more abundant and powerful. It seemed that there was a trace of indescribable energy contained within it. Although this trace of energy was small, it played the role of the finishing touch.
Although it was just an illusion, Luo Zheng could still feel the vast power!
"This is the perfect Fusion Energy? This is the unification of the Fusion Energy? "Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng thought that he could get a definite answer, but the Green Jade Spirit said, "We once thought that the Winged Monarch had mastered the perfect Dao fusion energy. At the last moment of the destruction of the Green Jade Civilization, we also understood that it wasn't perfect …"
If it was the perfect Fusion Energy, then the chaos would have stopped in the era of the jade civilization. The chaos would not have been pierced by that needle, and the Path of the End would have been successful.
"It's still not perfect?" Luo Zheng was shocked.
"Yes, the Wing King made up for one flaw in the Fusion Energy. In fact, there are still two flaws in the Fusion Energy that have not been made up," the jade spirit said. "So we have been waiting, waiting for a suitable person to make up for the final two flaws."
"Then this person …" Luo Zheng hesitated.
"The person who got the weapon of our jade civilization," the jade spirit said.
Luo Zheng looked at Feng Ge. Her big eyes were bright and full of expression. She looked at the scenes that were constantly evolving in the chaotic illusion. Her face was full of curiosity. This scene was overflowing with brilliance and was indeed very eye-catching.
"You mean Feng Ge?" Luo Zheng asked.

Chapter 2971
Recognition
The Green Jade Spirit was also observing the two humans.
Even though there was a huge difference between the Green Jade Race and the Human Race, Feng Ge wasn't suitable to wield the Tool of Civilization.
"We have waited for too long. This isn't the first time you two have visited us." The Green Jade Spirit sighed before saying, "The most suitable person to wield the Tool of Civilization isn't the Pure Ones. Instead, it's someone who cultivates in fusing Dao energy. You two aren't suitable for us. Hence, please return …"
The Paramita Realm experts in the 13 Heavens of the Color Realm could not reach the Chaotic Origin Realm. Hence, it was impossible for them to spend a large amount of time cultivating in fusing Dao energy.
Even in the Mother World, only the apex experts from the superpowers could comprehend 3,000 Deity Daos like Fuxi, Chi You, and others.
The Green Jade Civilization hid in the Color Realm. It was basically impossible to find a suitable person.
But the Green Jade Civilization was sealed in the Green Jade City. It was an eternal existence.
Regardless of whether the Primal Chaos was destroyed or born, the Paramita Realm would not be affected.
They had endless time to wait. They could slowly identify the person they needed.
"Weng …"
The moment the Green Jade Spirit finished speaking, the Dao Accumulations in Luo Zheng's inner world had already gathered. Many Deity Daos began fusing together, forming a blazing white light that appeared before the Green Jade Spirit.
"The Dao energy you mentioned … is this?" Luo Zheng chuckled.
The surface of the Green Jade Spirit's body emitted a wave of astonishment. It took a large look, and already had an accurate judgment. "Two thousand nine hundred and ninety-four divine daos … Did you fuse them yourself?"
"Yes, and no." Luo Zheng answered.
In the Deity Realm, Luo Zheng had been fusing Deity Daos. It's just that the number of Deity Daos he fused increased, and the difficulty increased. In addition, he had been moving around everywhere, causing his progress to stagnate.
But with the appearance of the Evil Deities, Luo Zheng took a huge step forward. He cultivated according to the Deity Daos he had fused with the Evil Deities. Hence, it wasn't difficult for him to cultivate again. He rapidly reached the level of 2,994 Deity Daos.
"Interesting …" The Green Jade Spirit examined Luo Zheng from head to toe. At the same time, it said, "You aren't a Pure One. You are relying on the Fruit of Darkness to stay in the Paramita Realm, right?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
"But the Aragami is still a little weak. No … You are not qualified," the Spirit of the Green Jade muttered.
In the eyes of the Spirit of the Green Jade, the most suitable candidate was not only a Pure Witch, but also a living being who majored in the Path of Fusion. Although Luo Zheng cultivated the Path of Fusion, his strength was not enough. Compared to a Pure Witch, the Aragami was at least two levels weaker.
Although the Spirit of Green Jade had already denied Luo Zheng, it still released a beam of green light in an attempt to probe the strength of Luo Zheng's body.
"Buzz …"
As a green light swept over Luo Zheng's body, the Green Jade Spirit suddenly found something strange. "Eh?"
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Your body doesn't contain the True Meaning of Strength Crusher Sage Physique?" The Spirit of the Green Jade was surprised again. "What is going on here? Although you are an Aragami, you do not practice the True Meaning of Holy Physique. How did you get your body to the Paramita Realm?"
There were many accidents in this world, and Luo Zheng was one of them.
Initially, the Spirit of Green Jade thought that it had seen through everything. However, Luo Zheng was obviously a weirdo that it could not understand.
"This …" Luo Zheng did not know how to explain it.
He could feel that his body contained the True Meaning of Dao. However, he could not tell what the True Meaning of Dao was.
"Your body is far stronger than an Aragami, but not as strong as a Pure Witch …" The Spirit of Green Jade was a little shaken.
All of the people in the Green Jade Civilization had sealed themselves and fell into a deep sleep. No one could give it any advice. It could only make its own judgment.
Once the Weapon of Civilization was given to him, it meant that the core of the entire Green Jade Civilization was in his hands. It had to be careful with this decision.
Luo Zheng stood still and did not say a word. He was also waiting patiently.
If it was something else, Luo Zheng would not be too interested.
Luo Zheng would definitely not let go of the mystery of the Fusion of Dao energy. Especially when the Spirit of Green Jade mentioned that there were three flaws in the Fusion of Dao energy!
"However, I can give you a chance. You can fuse with the Weapon of Civilization."
After the Spirit of Green Jade finished speaking, the chaotic void that was originally shrouding Luo Zheng and Feng Ge disappeared. They returned to the high platform once again. The rhombus-shaped spiky ball, which was also the Weapon of Civilization, was emitting a green luster as it floated in front of Luo Zheng.
The meaning was clear. It wanted Luo Zheng to fuse with his body directly.
However, Luo Zheng's body could not fuse with the Paramita Realm Token. Or rather, he did not know how to fuse with his body. He then said to the Weapon of Civilization, "I'm afraid I can't fuse with it here. Can I bring this thing out of the dark zone?"
As long as he left the dark zone, Luo Zheng could return to the Paramita Realm with his soul.
Among the three True Meanings of Dao that he cultivated, the True Meaning of Dao Technique Nature was still missing.
In fact, Luo Zheng's purpose on this trip to the Paramita Realm was to fuse a Paramita Realm Token for the True Meaning of Dao Technique Nature. However, after running to the dark zone, he encountered a series of troubles and almost lost his life here.
"Yes." The Spirit of Green Jade's voice came from the Weapon of Civilization.
After Luo Zheng asked Feng Ge to open the Sumeru Ring, he was about to put the Weapon of Civilization inside.
However, at this moment, several shadows rushed out from the darkness!
Whoosh! Whoosh!
The newcomers were the black monkeys lurking in the darkness.
The three black monkeys were also extremely shocked when they saw the Green Jade City.
The records of the Green Jade Civilization were extremely limited. However, based on their instincts, they also knew that this discovery was no small matter.
When the Spirit of Green Jade removed the illusion, they had already set foot on the Green Jade City and went straight to the high tower.
Swoosh! Swoosh!
Swoosh! Swoosh! Golden Sanskrit shone on the yellow paper on the three black monkeys' bodies.
Under the support of this light, each of the black monkeys exploded with astonishing strength and speed!
The black monkey in the front flew and grabbed the Weapon of Civilization in Luo Zheng's hand. Feng Ge, who was next to him, frowned.
Subconsciously, she didn't just hate those pig-faced monsters. These black monkeys had previously chased Luo Zheng and Feng Ge all the way. They also deserved to die.
"You're all courting death!"
A murderous intent flashed in the depths of Feng Ge's clear eyes.
He raised his hand, and a dazzling beam of light shot toward the black monkey.
Caw …
One of the black monkeys was hit by the light. The yellow paper on the surface of its body began to burn piece by piece.
However, it was these yellow paper pieces that blocked the light released by Feng Ge for a moment. The black monkey crashed into Luo Zheng with flames all over its body.
Bang! Bang!
The Weapon of Civilization was knocked out of his hand and fell out of the high tower.
"It fell down!"
"I must get my hands on it!"

Chapter 2972
Who gave you the courage?
The Weapon of Civilization drew an arc in the darkness and landed in a large, furry hand.
The owner of this large hand was the One-Eyed Monsters. They were another powerful force in the Dark Realm.
"Hey, hey …"
The One-Eyed Monsters and the Black Monkeys were lurking in the dark, observing every move in Green Jade City. Seeing the Black Monkeys take the lead, they also became anxious.
Unexpectedly, just as they hurriedly rushed into Green Jade City, they saw a glimmering green object fall down. Coincidentally, it was caught in the hands of one of the One-eyed Monsters.
The One-Eyed Monster was delighted. Before he could examine it carefully, he said, "We got it. Let's go!"
The other One-eyed Monsters followed closely behind, sprinting out of Green Jade City.
"One-eyed old thief! How dare you! "
When the remaining two Black Monkeys saw this scene, their faces were filled with rage.
These three Black Monkeys were elites stationed in the 13th Heaven. The three brothers were very close. Seeing that their third brother had sacrificed his life to help the One-Eyed Monsters, how could they be willing?
"Whoosh!"
The yellow paper on the two Black Monkeys flashed with golden light. They jumped down from the tower and shot toward the One-Eyed Monsters like two arrows leaving the bow.
Luo Zheng had spent so much effort to obtain the Weapon of Civilization, but it was obviously snatched away by other creatures. He was even more unwilling.
"Feng Ge! Let's chase! "
He dragged Feng Ge and jumped down from the tower.
Feng Ge was not very interested in the Weapon of Civilization. She did not know what it meant, but in her mind, what Luo Zheng needed was what she needed.
The two Black Monkeys' strength was about the same as the One-Eyed Monsters, but the Sanskrit on the yellow paper flashed, greatly strengthening the Black Monkeys' explosive power.
In just two or three breaths, the two Black Monkeys caught up to the One-Eyed Monsters.
"Ha Za! Ku Wo! "
Seeing the Black Monkeys coming menacingly, the One-Eyed Monsters ordered their tribesmen to stay and snipe.
The two One-eyed Monsters suddenly stopped in their tracks and turned around. A strange symbol abruptly appeared in their large eyes.
"Eye of Light!"
The innate ability of the Cyclops race was all in this eye. When the symbol appeared in their field of vision, the space within their field of vision was sliced apart, turning into a spatial cage that enveloped the two black monkeys.
"It's just a mere spatial lock!"
One of the black monkeys rammed forward, and the void in front of it suddenly bloomed with spiderweb-like cracks. At the same time, there was a crisp "clang" sound, and the sealed space was directly shattered by the black monkey!
The other black monkey stepped on the shoulder of the black monkey in front of it. With an extremely agile posture, it drew an arc and smashed into the body of the one-eyed monster at the front.
"Hand that thing over, or I'll eat you!" The black monkey threatened.
These black monkeys were extremely savage in the Dark Domain. They ate almost anything, including the One-eyed Monsters.
"In your dreams!"
An illusory halo of light flashed in the eye of the one-eyed monster. As the halo flashed, the black monkey was stunned. It was actually confused by the halo of light.
While the black monkey was in a daze, the One-Eyed Monster threw the Weapon of Civilization in its hand at the other One-Eyed Monster.
At this time, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge also caught up.
When Feng Ge saw these creatures of the Dark Domain, she instinctively felt a sense of disgust. Now that she was angry, she no longer held back.
"Brahma Immeasurable Sky …"
A ray of light circled around Feng Ge's jade finger.
Luo Zheng had seen the power of the Brahma Immeasurable Sky Light. This thing had no effect on creatures from outside the Dark Domain like Luo Zheng, but it had a terrifying destructive power on everything in the Dark Domain.
Any substance would be annihilated in this light!
Just as Feng Ge was about to unleash the Brahma Immeasurable Sky Light, the Weapon of Civilization that was thrown into the air suddenly stopped.
"Stop!" The Green Jade Spirit's voice came again. It didn't tell the black monkey and the One-Eyed Monster to stop, but it told Feng Ge to stop.
Other than Luo Zheng, why would Feng Ge listen to anyone else?
Fortunately, Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed Feng Ge's hand, saying, "Wait!"
The Green Jade Spirit also understood the terrifying strength of the Pure Witches in the dark domain. Just the ordinary light could make the Green Jade City mottled and full of potholes. However, the Green Jade City originally had the ability to self-repair, so it was not a problem.
However, when the Brahma Immeasurable Sky Light shone, it was enough to melt part of Green Jade City.
Although Green Jade City could still be repaired, it would still cost a lot, so the Green Jade Spirit was quite helpless.
The black monkey and the One-Eyed Monster didn't expect the Weapon of Civilization to have self-awareness. For a moment, they were stunned and didn't dare to fight for it.
"Who gave you the courage to steal from Green Jade City?"
The Green Jade Spirit's dignified voice came again.
The black monkey and the One-Eyed Monster also knew that Green Jade City was no small matter. They also had the mentality of going all out, so they ignored their own situation.
As soon as the Green Jade Spirit's voice fell, the entire Green Jade City seemed to come alive at this moment.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Green Jade Poisonous Bugs came out of Green Jade City one by one. In addition, there were also Green Jade Snakes and Green Jade Behemoths …
These Green Jade creatures were not to be underestimated. One Green Jade Giant Beast had almost wiped out the entire clan of the pig-faced monsters. Even the octopuses, which had no natural enemies in the Thirteenth Heaven, had been devoured by it one by one.
Moreover, they were facing hundreds and thousands of them …
There was almost no room for resistance. The two black monkeys and the One-Eyed Monster were directly drowned by the Green Jade army.
Even Luo Zheng felt a little scared when he saw the Green Jade army. Only Feng Ge opened his eyes wide, without the slightest trace of fear.
In her eyes, no matter how many Green Jade armies there were, they were just a ray of light.
After the Green Jade army killed the Hidden Realm creatures, they only glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. Then, they all merged into Green Jade City. They constantly wandered around the city and quickly returned to their original positions.
Luo Zheng walked forward and took the Weapon of Civilization. Then, he asked, "Didn't you say that the clansmen have all fallen into a deep sleep?"
"Ha … clansmen. These Green Jade creatures can't be considered clansmen," the Green Jade Spirit said indifferently.
This Green Jade Spirit was once a Child of Truth, a Chaos Ancient God! To be recognized as clansmen by it, they must have been peerless powerhouses in the Chaos.
Luo Zheng once again put the Weapon of Civilization into Feng Ge's Sumeru Ring. The two of them walked along the road outside Green Jade City. The ground under their feet began to tremble.
"Rumble …"

Chapter 2973
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
On the Watch
The creatures of the Dark Realm lurking in the dark broke out in a cold sweat when they saw what happened to the black monkeys and the One-Eyed Monster.
They had wanted to risk everything and rush into Qingyu City.
However, these creatures of the Dark Realm were not as strong as the black monkeys or the One-Eyed Monster, so their rationality prevailed. Now, they were all glad that they had escaped with their lives. They could only watch as Luo Zheng and Feng Ge left.
A pure witch alone was enough to make them suffer, so they did not dare to follow them.
The Dark Realm occupied more than half of the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven, and the space inside was extremely vast.
Luo Zheng's original plan was to turn back along the mountain stream.
However, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were chased by the black monkeys all the way and were in a panic. After a part of the mountain stream was destroyed by Feng Ge, the two could not find their way back.
However, with Feng Ge's identity as a pure witch, their safety was still guaranteed when they walked through the Dark Realm. As long as they walked in one direction, they would eventually be able to walk out of the Dark Realm.
After climbing over a small hill, Luo Zheng felt that the surrounding darkness was a little deeper. The effect of the Fruit of Darkness was about to disappear.
"Feng Ge, give me a Fruit of Darkness," Luo Zheng said.
Feng Ge did not do as Luo Zheng said. With a wave of his hand, a light shrouded Luo Zheng's head. He smiled sweetly and said, "In this way, we don't need any Fruit of Darkness."
Wherever the light reached, it was equivalent to outside the Dark Realm. There was indeed no need to swallow the Fruit of Darkness.
"Isn't this a little inconvenient?" Luo Zheng said.
In any case, it was safer to swallow the Fruit of Darkness.
Who knew that Feng Ge snorted and said, "If you don't want to, go on your own!"
Hearing her childish answer, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of helplessness.
However, although the Feng Ge in front of her was a little crazy, he was still much cuter than the cold and expressionless Feng Ge.
The two beams of light moved bit by bit in the dark domain. Wherever the two of them passed, the light that enveloped their bodies was like a sharp blade, forcibly digging out two trenches on the ground.
Under the illumination of the light, the Dark Domain plants along the way also quickly disappeared.
Along the way, the creatures of the dark realm who saw this scene were all deeply shocked. They didn't even dare to breathe loudly, not to mention having any thoughts about the two of them. They hid themselves well.
If he angered these two people, a beam of light would shine over him, and his life would be lost for no reason.
Luo Zheng didn't know what path he had chosen. After walking for more than four hours, he was surrounded by uneven hills and mountains.
If they encountered some relatively tall mountains, Feng Ge was too lazy to climb over them. He simply shot out a beam of light, directly melting a hole at the bottom of the mountain and passing through it. This was really like cutting through a mountain when you meet a mountain, cutting through a river when you meet a river. Their journey was unimpeded.
As the two of them walked more and more desolate, they finally arrived in front of a large mountain. With this mountain as the boundary, the other side was the other side of the Dark Domain.
Perhaps because they had stayed in the dark domain for too long, even with Feng Ge's light enveloping them, when Luo Zheng climbed to the top of the mountain, he still felt that the light outside the dark domain was dazzling.
"Huh? Is that … the Temple of Heaven? "Luo Zheng stood at the top of the mountain and unexpectedly saw the Temple of Heaven.
What he saw was the front of the Temple of Heaven!
This meant that they had taken a big detour and came out from the other side of the dark domain. It seemed that they had taken a lot of unnecessary detours, but at least they had come out.
Before preparing to leave the dark domain, Luo Zheng suddenly had a trace of doubt in his heart.
Everything in the dark domain was afraid of light, or they were completely conflicted with the matter in the light.
Even the solid green jade melted quickly under the illumination of the light like snow in summer. However, compared to other substances, green jade was much stronger and naturally melted slower. Feng Ge had left a lot of traces in Green Jade City.
Although the Instrument of Civilization could withstand the light released by Feng Ge, in fact, it would also be destroyed by the light. If he took the Instrument of Civilization out of the dark domain, wouldn't it be destroyed?
After Luo Zheng stopped, he took out the Instrument of Civilization again and told the Green Jade Spirit his doubts.
The Green Jade Spirit only gave him one answer: the candle.
The reason why the creatures in the dark domain wanted to get the candle was that, in their nature, they still desired the light. On the other hand, the candle was a bridge between the dark domain and the light domain.
If Luo Zheng wanted to fuse with the Instrument of Civilization, he would have to light the candle and enter the dark domain. This was probably the only way to fuse with the Nirvana token in the dark domain!
"But … if I fuse with the Nirvana token of the dark domain, after this thing is placed in my inner world, the light in my inner world will also eliminate it, right?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
The Green Jade Spirit just smiled faintly. "Light is originally a kind of energy. Let alone the light in your inner world, even the level of energy contained in the light of your mother world is not enough to eliminate the object in the dark domain."
"So that's how it is …" Luo Zheng nodded, slightly understanding in his heart.
This was not the first time he had heard the definition of energy level. In the divine domain, Luo Zheng had used the energy released by the Truth Crystal to break Dongfang Chunjun's killing move. The reason was that the energy level of the Truth Crystal was too high.
…
…
In front of the main entrance of the Temple of Heaven, a large number of Sun Souls had gathered.
During the last exploration of the Temple of Heaven, the Ear Rats had suffered too great a loss. These days, the Ear Rats were too lazy to even take care of the auction.
This time, it was the You Xiong Clan who planned to open the Temple of Heaven.
Last time, the You Xiong Clan had a conflict with Luo Zheng and lost several elites. Because of this, they had lost the qualification to enter the temple and escaped a disaster. Even the Jinwu Clan, the Shennong Clan, and other clans had escaped with them.
Now, they were making a comeback.
"Except for the Sun Souls of the You Xiong Clan, the Shennong Clan, and the Jinwu Clan, all unrelated people should leave quickly," a member of the You Xiong Clan shouted loudly. Not far away, dozens of people were spreading Soul-entangling Silk on the ground.
Strands of Soul-entangling Silk covered the ground, as if it had grown a shiny blue turf.
Not many superpowers had participated in the opening of the Divine Temple of Heaven. Whether it was the Liyuan Clan or the other superpowers, they had all suffered great losses. The Divine Temple of Heaven was simply too dangerous. Although it looked like a delicious cake on the surface, it wasn't something that just anyone could take.
Most of the people gathered at the entrance of the Temple of Heaven were Sun Souls of some small clans.
Ling Shuang sat on the hillside opposite the Temple of Heaven and stared blankly at the gate of the Temple of Heaven.
This kind of guarding had been going on for a long time.
She had countless illusions in her eyes. She saw Luo Zheng pushing open the gate of the Temple of Heaven and walking out of it, but the gate was still motionless.

Chapter 2974
Seeing through her identity
Although Ling Shuang knew that her wish was unrealistic, she still waited here.
You Xiong Family people ceaselessly spread the soul-entangling silk, and soon, they reached the hillside.
A You Xiong Family man glanced at Ling Shuang and said, "Unrelated people, leave now. If you get stuck by the soul-entangling silk, don't ask us to help you!"
Hearing him, Ling Shuang responded slowly, "It's just opening the gate of the Mi Tian Divine Temple. Who wants to get in? Even Ear Mouse Family didn't do this. "
When Ear Mouse Family opened the gate of the Mi Tian Divine Temple, they only spread a layer of soul-entangling silk in front of the temple and set up a magic formation. They didn't do it as openly as You Xiong Family.
"Hm! Cut the crap! If you don't leave, don't blame us for being merciless! "said that You Xiong Family man coldly.
When the soul-entangling silk arrived, it wouldn't be so easy to leave the Nirvana Realm.
Ling Shuang was angry, but she was alone after all. She stood up reluctantly and prepared to leave this hillside.
No one in the Nirvana Realm could see each other clearly, and neither side could identify each other. Therefore, Ling Shuang chose to give in, and everything should be fine.
However, a You Xiong Family man silently looked at Ling Shuang, and a beam of light flashed across his eyes.
On the day when Ear Mouse opened the Mi Tian Divine Temple, this man was also there. Ling Shuang fought against Ji Yan, and then she stayed with Luo Zheng.
This You Xiong Family man couldn't see Ling Shuang's face, but her appearance, soul power, and voice were all the same!
After the battle in front of the Mi Tian Divine Temple, You Xiong Family and the Great Yi Heaven Palace became enemies. In the Nirvana Realm, these two large families had fought against each other for quite a few times.
Not only that, after You Xiong Family realized how powerful Luo Zheng's body was, they started to work out a plan, hoping that they could take Luo Zheng out.
Although Luo Zheng's body had the absolute upper hand against the sun soul, and was even invincible, it wasn't impossible to deal with it.
However, Luo Zheng's body had never returned since he entered the Dark Realm. You Xiong Family had been waiting for an opportunity.
It would be best if Luo Zheng died in the dark realm. But, if Luo Zheng truly returned from the Sky Divine Temple, You Xiong Family, who was well-prepared, would certainly wipe him out with thunderous methods.
The woman in front of him had always been by his side …
When the You Xiong Tribesman saw Ling Shuang turn to leave, he suddenly said, "Wait."
Ling Shuang turned her head and asked curiously, "What is it?"
During the time when Luo Zheng was trapped in the Dark Realm, Ling Shuang had been numb. She had indeed let down her guard. Moreover, it was very difficult to confirm one's identity in the Nirvana Realm.
Swish …
Just as Ling Shuang's voice fell, a handful of azure Soul Entangling Silk scattered towards Ling Shuang, completely enveloping her body.
Looking at the Soul Entangling Silk on her body, Ling Shuang instantly showed an angry look. "What do you mean by this?"
In the Nirvana Realm, throwing Soul-breaking Sand, Soul-repelling Water, Soul-entangling Silk to the enemy meant declaring war. Ling Shuang didn't know when she had offended You Xiong Family people. Naturally, she asked angrily.
The other You Xiong Family people were confused as well. It was a critical moment to open the Sky Divine Temple. Why did this happen?
The You Xiong Family man shouted, "This woman is from the Heaven Palace! She was none other than the woman beside the physical body! Keep her! "
You Xiong Family people had been planning to deal with that body. Hearing this You Xiong Family man, the others immediately understood what was going on.
It was hard to confirm one's identity in the Nirvana Realm, but they would rather believe it than not. Therefore, they wouldn't let Ling Shuang go so easily.
Ling Shuang was also shocked when her identity was exposed by that unremarkable Sun Soul with a single sentence.
In a panic, she stepped back as fast as she could. "I … I'm not from the Heaven Palace …"
Her answer was hesitant, and her intention to escape aroused the suspicion of the You Xiong Family people. The other You Xiong Family people immediately surrounded Ling Shuang.
"If you're not from the Heaven Palace, just tell us the truth. Why did you run away?" asked the You Xiong Family hostage.
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
Light flashed in the hands of these You Xiong Family people. They joined hands and formed a soul net, which covered Ling Shuang.
If she was caught by these people, the situation would be even more troublesome.
Ling Shuang kept stepping back. Seeing that she couldn't avoid the soul net, she gritted her teeth, and the soul necklace hidden in front of her chest emerged. Buzz!
That incomparably sharp Spiritual Sword struck towards the Spiritual Net. With a "swish", it cut through the Spiritual Net. At the same time, Ling Shuang's Yang Soul twisted slightly and burrowed out from the opening.
"That's the soul sword!"
"She used this treasure to deal with Young Master Ji Yan!"
"She's been hit by my Soul-entangling Silk. Don't let her get away!"
By now, quite a few people had recognized Ling Shuang. They chased after Ling Shuang closely, and would never let her go.
Ling Shuang was very depressed.
She was waiting for Luo Zheng here, and for no reason, she had provoked the You Xiong Family. Her identity had been exposed. How unlucky she was!
However, Ling Shuang's soul necklace was extremely powerful. While running away, she urged the soul sword to fight back.
This soul sword contained an astonishingly sharp aura. Those You Xiong Family Sun Souls knew how powerful it was, but they couldn't get too close to her.
Ling Shuang ran westward from the hillside. More and more You Xiong Family people were chasing her. Not only the You Xiong Family, but also the Golden Crows, the Divine Farmer Clan, and the Minyue Clan.
These Sun Souls had all stepped into the 13th Level. Their soul cultivation was not much weaker than Ling Shuang's. They chased her all the way without any intention of giving up.
If this went on, Ling Shuang would fall into their hands sooner or later …
"No matter who you are, I advise you not to waste time!"
"What we're looking for is that physical body. As long as we catch that guy, we won't make things too difficult for you!"
"You know you can't escape. Why bother?"
Hearing the words behind her, Ling Shuang snorted coldly. "You want to catch me? Let's see what you're capable of!"
Whoosh! Whoosh!
Whoosh! Whoosh! Three soul arrows were shot out from her soul necklace at the same time. They drew a messy trajectory in the air and swept toward those Sun Souls at an incredible speed.
Two You Xiong Family people were still trying to persuade Ling Shuang. Facing the sudden soul arrows, they didn't manage to dodge. Before they could scream, they were pierced by the soul arrows. Their Sun Souls were severely injured.
"This woman is so powerful!"
"Everyone, be careful!"
"….."
Seeing this scene, the You Xiong Family people were also shocked.
Ling Shuang's Sun Soul had surpassed her peers. Relying on the soul necklace, she was able to compete with the top Sun Souls of the 13th Level.

Chapter 2975
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
Falling into the dark domain
Ling Shuang pushed her soul necklace to the limit and retreated as she fought.
She was escaping in the opposite direction of the main entrance of the Mystic Heaven Divine Temple. Not far ahead was a pitch-black dark domain!
To Ling Shuang, that was a dead end!
But now, Ling Shuang had no other choice but to run forward.
"Swish swish swish!"
Just as the small soul swords continued to circle behind her, a crisp 'clang' was heard.
Hearing that sound, Ling Shuang was shocked.
Looking back, she saw a golden hand grabbing one of her small soul swords.
"Golden Body Race?" Ling Shuang's heart sank.
There were many native races in the 13 Heavens of the Nirvana Realm. All the superpowers in the Mother World tried their best to rope in these Nirvana Realm races, and the Golden Body Race was one of the most powerful races.
The Golden Body Race was very similar to the human race in terms of body size and height.
However, their entire body seemed to be made of pure gold, and their bodies were much tougher than ordinary Nirvana Realm beings.
This Golden Body Race member actually caught Ling Shuang's small soul sword with his bare hands. He truly lived up to his reputation.
"Pa!"
That Golden Body Race member exerted some force and directly crushed the small soul sword. At the same time, he said in a strange voice, "Little girl from the human race, I advise you to give up resisting. Although I don't want to make things difficult for you, we have agreed to help the You Xiong Race."
Behind this Golden Body Race member, there were dozens of other Golden Body Race members.
With so many Nirvana Realm beings, not to mention dealing with one Ling Shuang, even the entire 13 Heavens of the Sun Soul Race wouldn't be able to resist!
Even at this time, Ling Shuang was still not thinking about her own safety. The soul necklace on her chest flashed, and another small soul sword condensed from it.
Controlling three small soul swords at the same time was already Ling Shuang's limit.
"Why are you helping the You Xiong Race?" Ling Shuang asked coldly.
To persuade a Nirvana Realm race, one had to pay a huge price. The You Xiong Race wouldn't pay such a huge price just to deal with a little girl like her.
"Naturally, it's because the You Xiong Race has given us great benefits." The Golden Body Race member laughed.
"Not just to deal with me, right?" Ling Shuang said with clenched teeth.
"You?" A faint smile appeared on the Golden Body clansman's face. "You think too highly of yourself for a mere Yang Soul to need us Golden Body clansmen to take action!"
"Brother Nie Jin, don't waste your breath on her!"
"Brother Nie Jin, please capture this woman!"
"If that person shows up, he will definitely come looking for us. In that case, there is no need for the brothers of the Golden Body Clan to wait here bitterly!"
You Xiong Family people said.
At this point, Ling Shuang had already understood everything.
Luo Zheng destroyed the divine temple of You Xiong Family, stole their soul crystals, and killed Ji Yan right in front of the divine temple of Mi Tian. Without a doubt, You Xiong Family wanted to kill Luo Zheng.
However, the You Xiong Clan had no way to deal with Luo Zheng. They wanted to force the Heavenly Palace to hand over Luo Zheng, but the Heavenly Palace kept evading them, refusing to admit that Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Heavenly Palace.
Without any evidence, You Xiong Family did not have a good solution. They could not really start a war with the Heavenly Palace just because of Luo Zheng. That would involve too many things, and they were not prepared enough.
Therefore, they chose the simplest and most direct method, which was to let the Nirvana Realm creature deal with Luo Zheng. Moreover, it was the most powerful Golden Body clansman.
Under the urging of You Xiong Family, the Golden Body clansman did not waste any more words with Luo Zheng. He lifted his leg and charged straight at Ling Shuang.
Ling Shuang did not have a good solution to deal with the Nirvana Realm creature. She could not even fight against the 11th Celestial Layer Abyss Spirit clansman, let alone the 13th Celestial Layer Abyss Spirit clansman.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh!"
Three small soul swords flew in different directions, heading straight for the Golden Body clansman called Nie Jin.
Nie Jin did not even look at them. A pair of golden hands grabbed the small soul swords in the air like a magic trick. With a slight squeeze, the small soul swords were crushed.
"Heh …"
Nie Jin chuckled. His speed increased dramatically as he charged straight at Ling Shuang.
Seeing this, Ling Shuang no longer hesitated. She turned around and fled!
However, at this moment, she was already very close to the dark domain.
That land of eternal darkness was a hopeless situation for Yang Souls.
Looking at the dark region in front of her, Ling Shuang's heart turned cold.
"Candles … If only I had those candles …"
If she could light up the candles, she could also temporarily hide in the dark domain.
However, when the Three-eyed Boy let her go, she was worried about Luo Zheng. She transferred all the candles in her hand into Feng Ge's Sumeru Ring.
On both sides of the dark domain, the Jinwu Family, Shennong Family, and other clansmen were also guarding it. Surrounded by three sides, it was a hopeless situation.
Just as Ling Shuang was one step away from the dark domain, she stopped abruptly.
"Little girl from the human clan, don't waste your time. The dark domain is dangerous," Nie Jin chuckled.
The Nirvana Realm creatures could not enter the dark domain either. The creatures in the light domain and the creatures in the dark domain were completely different things.
Ling Shuang slowly retreated. As she got closer and closer to the dark domain, she became more and more desperate.
She knew that Luo Zheng was not dead, so she still had a glimmer of hope.
If she fell into their hands, her greatest use would be as a threat to Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng really returned from the dark domain, he would be in a very disadvantageous situation because of her.
"What should I do …"
After meeting Luo Zheng, she had encountered many dangers in the Nirvana Realm. However, Luo Zheng was always able to turn the situation around. This time, Luo Zheng was not by her side. She realized that her good luck had run out.
"Little girl, don't retreat anymore. If you continue to retreat, you'll be dead." Nie Jin laughed. "We won't kill you if you fall into our hands."
Their goal was to use Ling Shuang to threaten that physical body. Naturally, they did not want Ling Shuang to die.
"But I'm afraid that I'd rather die …" Ling Shuang shook her head like a rattle-drum and muttered at the same time.
As she spoke, she took another step back. She was only a short distance away from the dark domain.
"Is that so?
Nie Jin responded with a sinister smile. Taking advantage of Ling Shuang's unpreparedness, he suddenly rushed out and grabbed Ling Shuang with one hand. He was originally some distance away from Ling Shuang, but when he grabbed her, his arm extended several times.
Ling Shuang was in a desperate situation and had lost the ability to think.
At this moment, a white light suddenly flashed from the dark domain. A hand came out of the dark domain and grabbed Ling Shuang and dragged her into the dark domain.
"Whoosh!"
Nie Jin did not expect this scene. His extended hand was almost dragged into the dark domain. In a moment of desperation, he stopped himself. However, he was so frightened that he broke out in a cold sweat.
"Damn it …" Nie Jin cursed.

Chapter 2976
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Out of the dark region
"What was that white light?" A Yang soul from the You Xiong Clan asked.
When Ling Shuang fell into the dark region, they all saw the white light that flashed. It was very unusual for such a white light to appear in the dark region.
Even though Nie Jin was from the Nirvana Realm, he still couldn't answer this question. He didn't know much more about the dark region than the Yang souls.
"Ha, I don't know." Nie Jin laughed roughly. "Since this little girl is already dead, we will continue to wait. If that body is still alive, he will appear sooner or later!"
Nie Jin's eyes were filled with a strong desire to fight.
The You Xiong Clan offered a very high reward, so high that the Golden Body Clan couldn't refuse. On the other hand, they described the body as extremely powerful, which attracted Nie Jin's interest. The Golden Body Clan was a very warlike clan.
…
…
In that situation just now, Ling Shuang thought that she would definitely die.
She didn't even know why she was pulled into the dark region. She only felt that she took a step back, and then she was enveloped by a white light.
Looking at the pure white light, Ling Shuang was exceptionally calm. "So death doesn't hurt …"
A person appeared in the pure white light. Although she couldn't see the person's face clearly, she had accompanied Luo Zheng for so long in the Nirvana Realm. She remembered Luo Zheng in her heart and recognized him at a glance.
Even though she saw Luo Zheng, Ling Shuang's heart was still calm. It was said that after death, people could see many illusions that didn't exist. Maybe she missed Luo Zheng too much …
"Are you in a daze?" Luo Zheng walked in front of Ling Shuang and waved his hand.
"In a daze?" Ling Shuang was stunned. At this moment, she saw Feng Ge beside Luo Zheng.
Ling Shuang was confused.
Why did she see Feng Ge?
And Feng Ge's face was so clear …
Her relationship with Feng Ge was very bad. Logically, she shouldn't have seen him.
"Luo Zheng, is she an idiot?" Feng Ge asked with a smile.
Hearing this, Ling Shuang frowned. "You're the idiot, your whole family are idiots!"
When she was alive, Ling Shuang was not inferior to Feng Ge. Even after she died, she would not retreat. This hateful woman, even at this moment, she still wanted to mock him.
"You dare to call me a fool?" Feng Ge's face darkened. With a light twirl of his finger, the white light enveloping Ling Shuang's body quickly disappeared.
With her child-like personality, she would not take other people's lives seriously.
Once this white light disappeared, Ling Shuang would be instantly engulfed by darkness.
"Stop," Luo Zheng said coldly.
Feng Ge didn't do anything rash. He just stared at Ling Shuang with his eyes wide open.
Subconsciously, she did not have a good impression of Ling Shuang either.
"Don't be in a daze. You're not dead. You just fell into the dark realm." Luo Zheng reached out and helped Ling Shuang up.
Ling Shuang looked around, a strange look in her eyes. She was still in a daze. After a while, she sorted out her thoughts. Her face was full of disbelief. "I, I'm really not dead … Luo Zheng, Feng Ge, you guys are fine too?"
Luo Zheng nodded. "I pulled you into the dark realm just now."
This was indeed very coincidental.
Luo Zheng took a big detour in the dark and climbed up from the bottom of the mountain on the other side. Coincidentally, it was directly opposite the Temple of Heaven.
Previously, he was still asking how to merge with the spirit of the green jade and how to merge with the weapon of civilization.
When he put away the weapon of civilization, he saw a human Sun Soul flying over from afar. Behind this human, there were other human Sun Souls chasing after him. There were even Nirvana Realm creatures!
In the dark realm, Luo Zheng could not tell who was who, but when he saw the birds of the Jinwu, he became a little vigilant.
The Jinwu followed the You Xiong Clan, so the Sun Souls of the other human beings most likely came from You Xiong and Shennong. No matter who they were chasing, Luo Zheng would save them immediately.
In fact, Luo Zheng's judgment was very accurate. He and Feng Ge chased after them and stood behind Ling Shuang.
To be on the safe side, they directly pulled Ling Shuang in from the light realm.
After Luo Zheng explained the general situation, Ling Shuang was stunned for a while. She still could not believe it and said, "But you, but you … how can you walk freely in the dark realm? And this light doesn't seem to be from candles!"
In Ling Shuang's eyes, only candles could be used to travel in the dark realm. Now, three beams of light shone down from above and enveloped Luo Zheng and Feng Ge. This was amazing!
Luo Zheng glanced at Feng Ge and said with a smile, "This is Feng Ge's ability."
"Feng Ge's ability? How can she … "Ling Shuang stared at Feng Ge in surprise and said," And she has a physical body? This … this … "
Not only did Feng Ge have a physical body, but every detail of her appearance and figure could be seen clearly. The only thing that could not be seen clearly was the clothes made of light.
Ling Shuang found it hard to accept everything in front of her. It was really beyond her understanding.
It was too complicated to explain the pure witches. Luo Zheng did not intend to explain it to Ling Shuang here. He said, "Let's go. Those guys chased you until you were in such a difficult situation. It's time to get some interest."
"No!" Ling Shuang stopped Luo Zheng at once and said, "Those golden bodies are very powerful. They are one of the strongest races in the 13th Layer of Heaven. They are much more powerful than the Abyss Spirit Clan! The golden bodies were sent by the You Xiong Clan to kill you! "
"Are they very powerful?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"Yes!" Ling Shuang nodded affirmatively.
She had been worried about how to pass the news to Luo Zheng. She did not expect to meet him in the Dark Realm. It was like a dream …
Since Luo Zheng could walk in the Dark Realm, they could leave quietly through the Dark Realm.
But Luo Zheng did not let Ling Shuang do as she wished. He sneered and said, "It's good that you are powerful."
Then he stepped out of the Dark Realm. A white light flashed in the dark curtain, and Luo Zheng walked out of the Dark Realm.
Nie Jin was not interested in studying the white light in the Dark Realm. He turned his head and asked his golden bodies to leave. The sun souls of the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan were pointing at the Dark Realm.
The white light did not go far after it flashed. Through the absolute darkness, they could still distinguish a white shadow, but they could not distinguish anything from the white shadow.
Just then, the white light became brighter and brighter. Suddenly, a person came out of it.
The human Yang Souls, who had been concentrating, were immediately given a fright. With a series of cries of surprise, they all retreated.
The man stepped out and said with a smile, "I heard that you have been waiting for me in front of the Temple of Heaven?"
Nie Jin, who was leaving, turned his head when he heard the movement behind him. When he saw Luo Zheng's body, he could not move his eyes away.
The Human Clan …
The vague appearance …
The aura of the body was very different from that of the sun souls …

Chapter 2977
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The Limit of the Light Domain
"It's him!"
"He actually walked out of the Dark Domain!"
"Retreat!"
Luo Zheng's physical strength had long been rumored to be miraculous in the You Xiong Clan.
Even a powerful existence like Ji Yan had no power to fight back in front of Luo Zheng. He was smashed into ashes with one punch.
Facing Luo Zheng with the face of a Sun Soul was like an ant facing an elephant. They were not on the same level at all.
The Sun Souls retreated one after another, but the Golden Body led by Nie Jin stepped forward.
"It's not them who are waiting for you." Nie Jin looked at the escaping Sun Souls, his face full of disdain. "It's me."
Luo Zheng glanced at Nie Jin. This Golden Body really lived up to his reputation. His whole body seemed to be made of gold, and his physical body was probably extremely strong.
"I have no enmity with your Golden Body Clan. If you provoke me just because of the You Xiong Clan, you … will probably regret it," Luo Zheng said seriously.
"Hahaha …" Nie Jin held his chin, the smile on his face was even wider. "In the eyes of us Nirvana Realm creatures, outsiders are not worth mentioning. Be prepared to fall."
After saying that, Nie Jin suddenly spread his arms. His muscles made of pure gold bulged, and a powerful aura bloomed.
When the other Golden Body Clan saw this, they all let out a loud roar, which was deafening for a moment.
The Golden Body Clan did not plan to attack together. Now it seemed that only Nie Jin alone was enough.
Feeling the monstrous aura of the Golden Body Clan, Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all. Instead, he smiled and said, "I actually have a question."
Nie Jin stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "What is it?"
"If you are willing to become the Nirvana Realm tokens of the Sun Soul, how much Nirvana Power can you exert?" Luo Zheng asked.
Living creatures could also bear the Nirvana Realm tokens. It was said that they were more powerful than ordinary Nirvana Realm tokens. However, after becoming a Nirvana Realm token, not only would they lose their freedom, but they would also have to work for it. It was a great shame.
In the past, when the Aragami entered the Nirvana Realm, it was very common for them to enslave living beings as a token of their Nirvana Realm. Even the Golden-Bodied race was no exception. However, now, other than some of the weaker Nirvana Realm beings, very few people could enslave them.
Nie Jin's face sank when he heard this, and he clenched his fists tightly as he said with a grim voice, "Just ask my fist how much Paramita Energy you can utilize!"
"Sou!"
Nie Jin's foot stomped on the ground, creating layers of cracks. A golden vortex revolved around his fist, and this fist went straight for Luo Zheng.
"You're really not weak." Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Since You Xiong Family intended to deal with Ji Hao, they must have made a careful plan. Therefore, You Xiong Family must have a certain degree of confidence to ask Gold Body Family to help.
Seeing the golden whirlpool fist heading straight for him, Luo Zheng bent his back slightly. His right foot slid forward and his entire body leaned forward, cleverly dodging the fist. Luo Zheng stood up straight and grabbed Nie Jin's neck with one hand, lifting him high into the air.
"Boom!"
As Luo Zheng turned his back, he directly smashed Nie Jin to the ground.
The huge force smashed down, and a huge pit immediately appeared on the ground.
Luo Zheng stood at the edge of the pit and waved his index finger at Nie Jin. He pointed at the dark realm and said, "You've already died once. Since you dared to challenge me alone, I'll give you another life."
Luo Zheng was standing at the edge of the dark realm just now. He could have thrown Nie Jin into the dark realm with this back throw, but Luo Zheng still held back at that moment.
No matter what, the Gold Body Family didn't intend to swarm Nie Jin, which was fair. Luo Zheng would naturally be tolerant.
However, Luo Zheng's tolerance didn't earn Nie Jin's gratitude. For a warrior of the Gold Body Family, this was an even greater insult. Nie Jin would rather die than let Luo Zheng go easy on him.
"Ahhhhh!"
Nie Jin lay on the ground and roared. He suddenly slapped his arms on the ground and flew up from the pit.
Under his roar, he spat out a series of mysterious and ancient words. The golden vortex on his fists became more dignified, and there was a faint shadow of a golden hammer shrouding his body!
This golden hammer had quite a history. It used to be the most powerful innate treasure in the universe of the Gold Body Family. Moreover, this hammer had unlocked its own wisdom. It was not only the strongest of the Gold Body Family, but also the object of their family's worship.
Feeling Nie Jin's skyrocketing power, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a look of surprise. He didn't dare to take it head-on. He moved his feet slightly and kept sliding on the ground to quickly retreat.
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
Nie Jin's fists smashed down continuously, but Luo Zheng dodged every punch. Under his heavy fists, the ground cracked layer by layer, creating huge pits one after another.
The Gold Body Family was indeed more powerful than the Abyss Spirit Family of the Eleventh Heaven, but there was a limit to how powerful they were.
Nie Jin should be one of the best of the Gold Body Family, but the power he erupted with was only about 600 to 700 Divine Jun. This kind of power was like cutting melons and vegetables to Yang Soul, but it was a bit difficult to deal with Luo Zheng.
It seemed that the limit of power in the light field of the Thirteen Heavens of the Nirvana Realm should be below 1,000 Divine Jun. The top masters should be infinitely close to 1,000 Divine Jun.
In contrast, the dark field was much more terrifying.
Not to mention the three-eyed boy and the giant ape who could easily erupt with power of thousands of Divine Jun, the black monkey's power was about the same as Nie Jin's. In addition, there were the octopuses and the green jade creatures …
Nie Jin's attacks were endless, forcing Luo Zheng to retreat hundreds of feet.
"Roar, roar, roar!"
"You only know how to run. What kind of warrior are you!"
"What a disgrace!"
The Gold Body Family members cheered for Nie Jin while mocking Luo Zheng. In their eyes, as long as Nie Jin hit Luo Zheng once, he would be smashed into meat paste. However, Luo Zheng was too agile. Nie Jin couldn't even touch a hair on Luo Zheng's body.
"Brothers of the Gold Body Family, you'd better fight together. It'll be bad if you let this kid run away!"
"Yes, you promised our family!"
"…"
The You Xiong Family members were very anxious. They felt that Nie Jin could barely take down Luo Zheng by himself. There was no need to let Nie Jin and Luo Zheng have a fair duel.
However, the Gold Body Family valued integrity and honor very much. They didn't care about the You Xiong Family's suggestion at all.
After smashing out hundreds of huge holes, Nie Jin was finally exhausted. He stood where he was, panting heavily.
At this moment, Luo Zheng grinned and said, "Finally, it's my turn?"
Before Nie Jin could react, Luo Zheng had already turned into a gust of wind and dashed back.
In the dark field, Luo Zheng was nothing, but in the light field, he didn't fear anyone!
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's body drifted, and he was already right in front of Nie Jin, throwing a backhand elbow strike right into Nie Jin's chest.

Chapter 2978
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Illumination
As Nie Jin flew backward, Luo Zheng took a big step forward and punched him again.
Nie Jin couldn't land on the ground, so he couldn't dodge at all. He wanted to strangle Luo Zheng with his hands, but Luo Zheng just tilted his fist slightly. This time, it hit Nie Jin's face directly.
If it were other creatures of the Nirvana Realm, this punch would have smashed their heads.
However, Nie Jin's golden head was unusually strong. It only made a muffled sound and was sent flying again by Luo Zheng.
"Dong!"
"Dong!"
"Dong!"
After three punches in a row, Luo Zheng smashed Nie Jin into the big pit in front of the Dark Realm again.
The body of this member of the Golden Body race was indeed strong. Even though there were many dents on his body, Nie Jin's aura still didn't weaken. However, the outcome was clear. Nie Jin said dejectedly, "I've lost to you."
Luo Zheng looked down at Nie Jin in the big pit and said, "I'll just take you as an ignorant challenger. I'll spare your life."
Nie Jin's face suddenly turned serious. He said, "You're a warrior who can defeat me. I admire you very much. However, I've promised the Youxiong Tribe. I'm sorry!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a shiny golden bone appeared in his hand. It looked like a rib. After taking it out, Nie Jin suddenly pierced it into his chest.
"Roar!" Nie Jin's eyes burst out with dazzling golden light. His aura soared again!
When the Golden Body clansmen saw this scene, they immediately understood what was going on. The six Golden Body clansmen also had a golden bone in their hands. The six Golden Body clansmen pierced the bone into their chests and roared at the same time. Their auras also skyrocketed.
The reason why the Golden Body race could become the strongest race in the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven was because of the big hammer, which was a Primordial Treasure. The other reason was because of the 22-section Golden Body Battle Bones.
Before the Chaos No. 1 of the Golden Body race was destroyed, the clansman transformed from War Hammer had already cultivated the Supreme Golden Body. War Hammer knew that he could not escape, so he took the initiative to dissect his body. He took out his arm, leg, and ribs and brought them to the Nirvana Realm.
After piercing the Golden Body Battle Bone, the golden-bodied clansmen's strength would increase exponentially for a short period of time. However, this effect would only last for the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, and the price would be their lives.
Nie Jin regarded his promise as more important than his life. Even if he was defeated by Luo Zheng, he still had to kill Luo Zheng. Naturally, he used the Golden Body Battle Bone.
He had already made an agreement with his clansmen. Once he used the Golden Body Battle Bone, it would mean that he was no match for his opponent. The other six clansmen would also have to sacrifice their lives to help him kill his opponent.
"Sou!"
Nie Jin only had an incense stick's worth of time left to live. Within this incense stick's worth of time, he had to kill Luo Zheng no matter what. He jumped up, and with an explosive speed, he reached out to grab Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed shock, and he dodged to the side almost reflexively. Nie Jin's fist almost brushed past Luo Zheng, but even so, it still left a few bloody marks on his body.
He was lucky to avoid Nie Jin's attack, but the other six golden-bodied clansmen had already surrounded him.
The strength of these six people was weaker than Nie Jin, but with the support of the Golden Body Battle Bone, they could not be underestimated. The strength of their casual outbursts could break through the strength of a thousand jins.
If Luo Zheng could use the Stone Sealing Solution, he could still resist, but the body in the Nirvana Realm did not have the Stone Sealing Solution, so the strength of his body was greatly reduced. Taking a hit from Luo Zheng was also unbearable. In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng was already surrounded by danger.
"Hahaha … this brat also has a day like this?"
"The golden-bodied clan did not disappoint!"
"I think brother Nie Jin alone is enough to make that brat suffer, not to mention that he has the help of six golden-bodied clansmen."
The Yang souls of the Youxiong clan had just seen that Nie Jin was no match for Luo Zheng, and their mood was abnormally low. If the golden-bodied clan could not defeat Luo Zheng, perhaps no one in the Thirteen Layers of Heaven could.
They did not expect the situation to reverse in the blink of an eye, so they were naturally happy. After Luo Zheng was killed, they would be able to leave the Nirvana Realm and report this good news to the elders of the clan.
In the dark domain, Ling Shuang's face was full of anxiety.
She wanted to rush out of the dark domain, but she was still some distance away from the light circle, and her freedom was completely under the control of Feng Ge.
"Quickly think of a way! Luo Zheng may not be able to defeat him! "Ling Shuang said anxiously.
Feng Ge blinked and said, "But he said that he will deal with him alone!"
Ling Shuang glared at Feng Ge. From the beginning, she felt that Feng Ge's brain was a little abnormal, and was somewhat different from the Feng Ge from before. Now, it seemed that her feeling was correct, and anyone with a discerning eye could see that Luo Zheng was probably in imminent danger.
"How can he deal with it? He will die now! "Ling Shuang said angrily.
This time, Feng Ge understood. She raised her eyebrows slightly and said, "He will die …"
The worry in her heart about Luo Zheng was finally awakened, and then she took a step out of the dark domain.
"Hey! Take me with you! "Ling Shuang said anxiously.
"Take you with me? What can you do? "Feng Ge glanced at Ling Shuang and immediately rushed out.
Ling Shuang, who was in the form of a Sun Soul, was indeed useless. The Golden Body clansman who had the Golden Body Battle Bone pierced through his chest was no longer an opponent that Ling Shuang could touch.
The Sun Souls of the You Xiong Clan, the Divine Farmer Clan, and the Jinwu Clan kept cheering in the distance. The remaining Golden Body clansmen looked sad. After this battle, they would lose seven of their brothers, including Nie Jin.
At this moment, they suddenly saw another person walking out of the dark domain. This person was not the Sun Soul who had gone in before, but another woman.
"Who is she?"
"Is she a creature from the Nirvana Realm? Or a creature from the dark domain? How can she be a human? "
"She is so beautiful! I have never seen such a beautiful woman! "
Feng Ge only covered herself with clothes made of light. Her long legs were bare, and her slightly innocent face was clearly visible. Indeed, she exuded a unique and extraordinary charm.
The men of the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan were attracted by her, but the next moment, their expressions changed greatly.
Because they heard Feng Ge say to Luo Zheng, "Let me help you!"
Even Nie Jin and the others who were crazily besieging Luo Zheng saw Feng Ge and their faces darkened slightly. This woman is a creature from the Nirvana Realm? And she is from the dark domain? This is very bad.
Then everyone saw Feng Ge's finger gently twirl, and a slightly ethereal voice sounded in their ears. "Great Brahma's Boundless Heavenly Light!"
BUZZ! BUZZ! BUZZ!
A thin beam of light spread out, turning everything around it into a blazing white. Everyone became blind in this light, and everything in front of them was snow-white.
When the light dissipated, everyone's vision returned to normal.
The Sun Souls of the You Xiong Clan, the Divine Farmer Clan, and the Jinwu Clan were still trembling, and the Golden Body clansmen were puzzled.
This strong light was indeed amazing, but it did not cause any harm to anyone.
The person who took the light …

Chapter 2979
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
The power of the pure.
You Xiong, Shennong, and the other Sun Souls also reacted.
They sized each other up and then looked at themselves. They found that they were not injured at all!
This light looked so scary, but in fact, it had no power at all!
Feng Ge looked at her palm and revealed a puzzled expression.
"This is not the Dark Domain!" Luo Zheng reminded helplessly.
Light itself was also a kind of energy, but the light released by Feng Ge could only target the Dark Domain. It could not cause any harm to the living beings in the light domain at all.
However, the Dark Domain and Ling Shuang behind her were unlucky.
As the light spread behind her, it directly eliminated the mountain in the Dark Domain. Although Ling Shuang was enveloped by the light, the mountain under her feet was eliminated, and she fell down.
Fortunately, the light enveloped her vertically and did not let Ling Shuang fall into the Dark Domain.
"Is this woman here to be funny?"
"She thinks her light can kill people?"
"Hahaha, she looks so seductive, but she's stupid …"
The Sun Souls heaved a sigh of relief and began to mock Feng Ge.
Seeing this, Nie Jin and the others did not have much of an advantage. They once again launched a fierce attack on Luo Zheng.
When Feng Ge heard those mocking words, she only said indifferently, "Is it very stupid?"
Her face darkened slightly, and her figure floated gently towards Luo Zheng. When she was halfway there, her snow-white bare feet tapped lightly on the ground. The ground could not withstand her strength and instantly cracked. At the same time, Feng Ge's speed increased explosively!
"Whoosh!"
Her explosive speed was simply too fast for people to guard against. In the blink of an eye, she had already rushed to the side of the Golden Body clansmen and grabbed one of them like a ghost.
Under the stimulation of the Golden Body Battle Bone, this Golden Body clansman was crazily attacking Luo Zheng. Suddenly, he felt a cold feeling on his shoulder. It was Feng Ge's jade-like hand.
Then, he felt a terrifying force coming from her hand. This force was so strong that even the Golden Body Battle Bone could not resist it. His entire body spun and was directly thrown into the Dark Domain.
"Sizzle …"
The living beings in the Light Domain were absolutely not allowed to enter the Dark Domain. Even though the Golden Body clansmen's bodies were exceptionally strong, in the darkness, their bodies were constantly being eliminated. Their hair, flesh, and blood, and bones were all rapidly disintegrated... In the blink of an eye, they turned into wisps of Black Smoke, leaving only the Golden Body Battle Bone..
Even though the Golden Battle Bone was exceptionally powerful, it still couldn't withstand the Dark Domain's erosion. It was just that this bone was being eroded a little slower. At first, the surface of the Golden Battle Bone was black, then it became bumpy and cracked into pieces. In the end, even the pieces were eroded by the Dark Domain.
"Swoosh!"
"Swoosh!"
Swoosh
One after another, the golden-bodied clansmen were thrown into the dark domain and were quickly eliminated.
Feng Ge was not as kind-hearted as Luo Zheng.
It was only because her reaction was half a beat too slow that Luo Zheng was besieged by these people. Now that she understood that these people wanted to kill Luo Zheng, Feng Ge only had one goal, and that was to kill all these shiny people.
"the Golden Yin people's Yue's Golden Golden Golden.
"It's not that they don't want to resist, it's that they can't resist. This woman is so abnormal!"
"This woman's strength …"
The Yang Souls of the Youxiong Clan were dumbfounded.
Feng Ge's actions after she appeared had amused them. They had never expected her physical strength to be so terrifying!
In the blink of an eye, six Golden Body clansmen had been thrown into the Dark Domain by her, leaving only Nie Jin.
The moment the Golden Body Battle Bone was pierced, it meant that he only had five minutes left to live. At the end of his life, Nie Jin seemed exceptionally calm.
The human woman who had inexplicably rushed out of the Dark Domain was too strong. She was not someone they could fight against. Nie Jin understood that he had completely failed. Even if he sacrificed his life, he could not complete the mission.
"Wait, Nie Jin, do it yourself!" Nie Jin said loudly.
Every Golden Body Battle Bone was a supreme treasure to the Golden Body Clan. They had only lost one after so many years.
But just now, the six people that Feng Ge had thrown in might not even be able to keep the Golden Body Battle Bone. Losing six Golden Body Battle Bones in one go made all the Golden Body clansmen's hearts bleed. That was something more important than the lives of their clansmen!
Feng Ge glared at him fiercely, then pulled Luo Zheng behind him, like an eagle protecting a chick.
Nie Jin walked to the edge of the Dark Domain and pulled out the Golden Body Battle Bone. Then, he threw it towards the Golden Body clansmen with all his might.
When the Golden Battle Bone pierced into his body, it was frantically burning away his life force. If he pulled it out, he would die. That throw had already exhausted all of the Golden Nirvana's strength. His entire body went limp as he fell backwards, disappearing into the darkness.
"Where's Ling Shuang?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Feng Ge had no interest in Ling Shuang's life or death. Since Luo Zheng asked, he replied, "She won't die."
Although he said that, Feng Ge still entered the Dark Domain to pull Ling Shuang out.
Nie Jin had fallen, and the remaining Golden Body clansmen had no power to fight at all. After putting away the last Golden Body Battle Bone, they began to retreat.
"It seems that tearing down You Xiong Family's divine temple didn't teach you a lesson." Luo Zheng smiled blandly and said, "I think, should we consider tearing down your divine temple again? You Xiong Clan? The Divine Farmer Clan? And the Jinwu over there? "
When he was in the Four-fold Heaven, Luo Zheng had planned to demolish the Divine Farmer Clan's temple together, but in the end, he let them go. If he returned to the Four-fold Heaven, it would be easy to demolish two temples.
The Jinwu temples might be more difficult to find, but most of them were in the Four-fold Heaven.
These Sun Souls could leave the Nirvana Realm at any time, so they were not in a hurry to escape. Hearing Luo Zheng's threat, the Sun Souls trembled in their hearts.
The last time the You Xiong Clan's temple was demolished, the losses caused to the You Xiong Clan were immeasurable.
Although the order from above was to kill Luo Zheng in the 13th Heaven, these people had a thought in their hearts. This guy should quickly pass through the 13th Heaven and leave the Color Realm …
As long as he stayed in the Color Realm, the You Xiong Clan would not be able to rise again.
"Humph! If you dare to demolish our temple, we will definitely trample the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace to the ground, "a You Xiong Clan member said coldly.
"Yes, if the Heavenly Palace is destroyed, you will also become a stray dog!" Another Jinwu person said.
"You are only a fierce person in the Nirvana Realm," another person said, a Divine Farmer Clan member.
On the surface, the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace did not admit that they had Luo Zheng as a disciple, and the Heavenly Palace had repeatedly stated that they had nothing to do with this body.
But this series of events proved that the relationship between Luo Zheng and the Heavenly Palace was unusual.
When things reached the point of no return, the You Xiong Clan might attack the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace.
"When the You Xiong Clan starts a war with the Heavenly Palace, neither you nor I have the right to decide," Luo Zheng said as he shook his head. With a tap of his foot, he lifted a stone and reached out to catch it. With a light force, the stone was crushed into gravel. "So don't talk nonsense and leave quickly."
With Luo Zheng's strength, the gravel thrown out was enough to shatter their souls.

Chapter 2980
Smooth Integration
Without the Soul Entangling Silk and other means, it was difficult to kill a Sun Soul.
Moreover, these Sun Souls were not important people. Luo Zheng was too lazy to deal with them. He had more important things to do.
After these Sun Souls disappeared, Feng Ge also came out of the Dark Domain with Ling Shuang. The three of them walked towards the entrance of the Temple of Heaven.
The You Xiong Clan had almost finished setting up in front of the Temple of Heaven. If there were no accidents, they would open the gate of the temple today.
But what had just happened alarmed all the clansmen. The Sun Souls of the You Xiong Clan, the Golden Crow Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan had all left. Only the Sun Souls of some small clans stayed here to watch.
"These people ran quite fast," Luo Zheng said, shaking his head.
After walking around in front of the Temple of Heaven, Luo Zheng asked Ling Shuang and Feng Ge to wait for a while. He wanted to return to the Nirvana Realm with his Sun Soul, and then his physical body disappeared.
"Luo Zheng is gone?" Feng Ge said strangely.
Ling Shuang looked at Feng Ge helplessly and replied, "He left the Nirvana Realm."
"Left the Nirvana Realm …" Feng Ge thought for a moment and seemed to understand. "Will he come back?"
"Of course," Ling Shuang replied affirmatively.
Luo Zheng's physical body and soul were separated in the Nirvana Realm. He sometimes needed to switch between the two.
Before entering the Temple of Heaven, Luo Zheng's Sun Soul stopped at the entrance of the Temple of Heaven. Now he was probably returning to the Nirvana Realm with his Sun Soul.
Luo Zheng, who had left the Nirvana Realm, opened his eyes slightly. The scene in the room on the second floor entered his eyes.
Ling Shuang sat cross-legged not far away, and Feng Ge did the same.
Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie stayed in a corner of the room. They looked particularly depressed, especially Ning Yudie, who seemed to have lost a lot of weight. They had been suffering day and night these days.
Quietly sizing them up, Luo Zheng felt a burst of heartache.
Fortunately, he had already left the Hidden Zone and would be able to return soon. He could not let Ling Shuang and the others wait for too long.
With a thought, Luo Zheng activated the True Meaning of Dao and returned to the other shore with his Yang Soul.
"Eh?"
Ning Yudie could feel the aura of True Intent emitted by Luo Zheng, but that aura was indistinct.
She looked at her husband's tightly shut eyes and finally sighed softly.
After the Sun Soul entered the other shore, the three of them advanced from the right side of the Divine Temple of Heaven. They needed to return to the other side of the other shore and find a way to get rid of the Soul-entangling Threads on Ling Shuang's body.
Halfway through their journey, the three of them had already arrived at the narrowest part of the Paramita Light Domain. Both sides of this path were pitch-black dark domains.
"Wait a minute." Luo Zheng walked towards the edge of the Dark Domain.
"What?"
Although Feng Ge could enter and exit the Dark Zone as he wished, Ling Shuang was still afraid of Higan.
"There's a Nirvana Token that needs to be fused in the Dark Domain," Luo Zheng told Ling Shuang.
Ling Shuang's eyes flashed and she asked curiously, "What Nirvana Token needs to be fused in the Dark Domain …"
"Naturally, it's something from the Dark Domain," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"The Nirvana Token in the Dark Domain!"
Ling Shuang did not know much about the Dark Domain, especially after Luo Zheng had fallen into the Dark Domain. She had also looked up a lot of information about the Dark Domain.
The information was very fragmented, but it also mentioned the Nirvana Token in the Dark Domain. The Nirvana Token there had very strong Nirvana Power, but it was very difficult to fuse with it because everything in the Dark Domain and the Light Domain conflicted with each other.
In history, a small number of people had obtained the Nirvana Token in the Dark Domain. As for the process of fusing it, it had always been a secret.
"You can use candles," Luo Zheng answered.
"Candles?" Ling Shuang did not expect the candles to have such an effect.
Luo Zheng knew that Ling Shuang had a lot of doubts in her heart. He did not intend to hide any information from Ling Shuang, so he said, "When we leave the Nirvana Realm, I will tell you everything."
Thus, Luo Zheng asked Feng Ge to take out the candles and let her use the Golden Crow Divine Fire to light them. Then, Luo Zheng held the candles and walked towards the Dark Domain.
The path between the two Dark Domains was the only path that connected the two ends of the Thirteen Heavens. There were many Yang Souls coming and going. Luo Zheng's actions immediately attracted the attention of many Yang Souls.
"Look, there are three humans over there. What are they doing?"
"That human lit a candle!"
"He's holding a candle and walking towards the Dark Domain?"
When the Yang Souls saw this scene, they were completely dumbfounded. The Dark Domain was an absolute taboo in their hearts. The slightest contact with a Yang Soul would cause one to be completely eliminated. Luo Zheng's actions were completely suicidal.
But just like that, Luo Zheng held the candle and stepped into the darkness.
The originally endless darkness was actually illuminated by the candlelight!
The Yang Souls who were watching the show were all dumbfounded. This was something that they could not understand.
"Let's go over and take a look …"
"These humans are so capable. Let's ask them how they did it!"
"…"
More and more Yang Souls gathered, and there were quite a few of them. When they saw such a bizarre thing, they naturally wanted to find out the secret behind it.
Some of them even developed a trace of greed. If necessary, it was not a bad choice to directly attack these three people.
When Luo Zheng entered the Dark Domain, he instructed Feng Ge to guard this place and not let the other Yang Souls approach.
When the Yang Souls approached, Feng Ge's expression had already darkened. "If you come any closer, don't blame me for making a move."
As he spoke, Feng Ge lightly exerted force on the ground with the tip of his foot, and the ground around her immediately collapsed.
Only then did the Yang Souls realize that this human woman's appearance was actually clearly visible!
A Nirvana Realm creature?
But she was clearly a human!
Recently, there were indeed rumors in the Thirteen Heavens that someone had entered the Nirvana Realm with their physical body. However, that physical body should be a human man, and he was not a Nirvana Realm creature.
What was going on with this human woman?
No matter what, these Yang Souls did not dare to step forward.
With the power that she had just erupted with, killing these Yang Souls was a piece of cake.
The Yang Souls could only retreat and watch from afar.
Luo Zheng entered the Dark Domain and looked around.
The creatures of the Dark Domain were also afraid of the Light Domain and were unwilling to approach it. The periphery was naturally very desolate, so there was no need to worry about being attacked by other creatures of the Dark Domain. Even if there was Luo Zheng, he could immediately escape back to the Light Domain with the candle.
After placing the candle to the side, everything was ready. Luo Zheng asked Feng Ge to hand over the Weapon of Civilization.
The Green Jade Spirit had also reminded him not to expose the Weapon of Civilization to the Light Domain.
Even if the Weapon of Civilization was extremely sturdy, it would be difficult for it to withstand the light of the Light Domain and would be eliminated in a short period of time.
Although the light of the candle could also corrode the Weapon of Civilization, the energy of the candle was not that strong. The Weapon of Civilization could still withstand it.
After receiving the Weapon of Civilization, Luo Zheng's Yang Soul brewed the True Meaning of Nature of the Dao technique, and then slowly merged the Weapon of Civilization into his Yang Soul.
Originally, he was still a little worried that the True Meaning of Nature of the Dao technique would not fuse with the Weapon of Civilization. However, as the Weapon of Civilization was successfully absorbed into his body, Luo Zheng's worries were completely unnecessary.

Chapter 2981
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Chaos
After fusing with the Tool of Civilization, Luo Zheng brought Feng Ge and Ling Shuang back to the other side.
Ling Shuang had a lot of questions, but she didn't ask.
After returning to the other side, Luo Zheng went straight to the auction house of the Ear Mice.
The Ear Mice had lost a lot of vitality from their last exploration of the Temple of Heaven, so they had been very depressed recently. Even the auction house was closed.
After Ling Shuang came out of the Temple of Heaven, she returned the Ear Mice's Yang souls to them. It was unknown what method the Ear Mice would use to help the weaker Ear Mice's Yang souls leave the other side.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang visited again, which alerted the Ear Mice again.
When they saw Feng Ge, they were also very surprised.
The Ear Mice wanted to ask about Feng Ge's background, but Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't tell them the truth. Feng Ge didn't care about these Ear Mice at all.
When Luo Zheng told them the reason for his visit, the Ear Mice were very cooperative.
Although things like the Soul-Breaking Grass were very troublesome, there were still many ways to get rid of it. The Ear Mice took out a kind of dispersing dust and sprinkled it on Ling Shuang. After waiting quietly for an hour, the Soul-Breaking Grass gradually disappeared.
Luo Zheng wanted to pay the Ear Mice some Soul Pills, but they flatly refused.
Even though the exploration of the Temple of Heaven was a failure, in the eyes of the Ear Mice, Luo Zheng was someone worth making friends with.
In their eyes, Luo Zheng was the spokesperson of the "Sky Traveler". It didn't matter whether the two were the same person or not. What was important was that Luo Zheng could pass information to the "Sky Traveler".
The Ear Mice kindly reminded Luo Zheng that recently, the You Xiong Clan had tried to buy information about the body of the Ear Mice, but the Ear Mice didn't reveal anything.
Everyone knew that the Ear Mice's words couldn't be trusted. They only compromised with benefits, but Luo Zheng trusted the Ear Mice.
After all, the Ear Mice still wanted to work with Sky Traveler. In their eyes, being on good terms with Sky Traveler would bring them more benefits than You Xiong Family. That was enough.
After preparing everything, Luo Zheng took Feng Ge and Ling Shuang back to the stronghold of the Heavenly Palace.
Other than the Temple and the Dark Domain, most of the places could be separated from the other side at will.
However, the situation this time was somewhat special.
Feng Ge originally entered the Nirvana Realm as a Yang Soul. After she became a Pure One, she unexpectedly gained a "physical body".
In essence, she was still a soul body. Her real physical body was still in her mother world.
He wondered if she could leave the Nirvana Realm and what would happen to her corporeal body after that.
"Do you still remember the Breaking Illusion Spell?" Luo Zheng asked.
"What illusion breaking spell?" Feng Ge asked innocently.
This was within Luo Zheng's expectations. However, the Breaking Illusion Spell wasn't difficult. Luo Zheng patiently taught her. Feng Ge was also very obedient. She recited and understood according to Luo Zheng's instructions over and over again.
Ling Shuang silently watched this scene from the side, recalling the scenes in the Sea of True Meaning.
When Luo Zheng first arrived in the Sea of True Meaning, he didn't even know what the Breaking Illusion Spell was. His Breaking Illusion Spell was taught by Ling Shuang.
This time, on this trip to the Dark Domain, she was unexpectedly rescued first. However, she was faintly depressed. She would rather stay in the Dark Domain than Feng Ge. Even if she became as silly as Feng Ge, even if she went through all kinds of dangers with Luo Zheng, she would be willing.
Although Feng Ge's memory was a mess, her talent was still there.
After being taught a few times, she had accurately grasped the technique of the Breaking Illusion Spell.
After casting it once, Feng Ge closed her eyes slightly and sat motionless.
"Feng Ge, Feng Ge?"
Luo Zheng called out a few times but didn't get a response.
He and Ling Shuang glanced at each other, both of their faces full of surprise.
From the looks of it, Feng Ge's Yang Soul had indeed left the Nirvana Realm, but her pure physical body was actually left there …
"Let's go out and take a look," Ling Shuang said.
"Mm." Luo Zheng nodded.
In the stronghold of the Heavenly Palace, their safety was still guaranteed.
Even if there was really trouble, the strength of those Yang Souls was probably not enough to shake Feng Ge's unconscious physical body.
"Hmm …"
In the room on the second floor.
Feng Ge let out a soft groan, and a pair of large eyes filled with confusion slowly opened.
Hearing this movement, Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin instantly reacted, and the two girls looked at Feng Ge.
"She's awake!" Ning Yudie said happily.
"Where's my husband! Where's my husband! "Xi Youqin rushed to Luo Zheng immediately.
Xi Youqin didn't care at all whether Feng Ge was awake or not. She cared about whether Luo Zheng was awake or not.
When Feng Ge woke up, she frowned immediately.
She moved her body and whispered, "This body … is so weak …"
The pure body of a pure person was much stronger than Feng Ge's body, and now Feng Ge was more or less not used to her own physical body.
But that physical body was originally an object of the Nirvana Realm, and she couldn't bring it back to the mother world, unless her soul merged with the physical body and descended to the mother world in the form of a token of the Nirvana Realm. But her soul was in the pure person's physical body …
Luo Zheng had just regained consciousness, and before he opened his eyes, he heard Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie calling him.
The corner of his mouth lifted slightly, and he suddenly reached out to them.
Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin were caught off guard, and only had time to let out a scream before Luo Zheng took them into his arms.
They didn't say anything more, and just leaned on Luo Zheng's chest without saying a word, savoring the peace.
Ling Shuang woke up, and when she saw this scene, her face showed some embarrassment.
During the time she stayed in the Heart Flow Sword Sect, she naturally understood the relationship between them and Luo Zheng. But even so, when she saw this scene, her heart faintly fell, but she didn't say anything.
"Hey, why are you hugging him?" Feng Ge suddenly said.
After Feng Ge's memory fire was broken, her memory was in a mess. She didn't remember the Heavenly Palace, and she didn't even remember her mother, but the only person she recognized was Luo Zheng.
Seeing this scene, Feng Ge was naturally very unhappy, out of instinct.
Ning Yudie glanced at Feng Ge strangely, but didn't answer.
Xi Youqin glared at Feng Ge in disgust. In Xi Youqin's eyes, it was this woman's appearance that made Luo Zheng unable to come back and almost die in the Nirvana Realm, and now she dared to question her.
"I'm hugging my husband. What does it have to do with you?" Xi Youqin said proudly.
Feng Ge blinked, as if pondering the meaning of the word "husband". After searching for this meaning in her memory, her face showed interest, and she suddenly reached out to pull Luo Zheng over. "From today onwards, he's my husband. You're not allowed to snatch him away!"
Xi Youqin was dumbfounded, and looked at Feng Ge as if she was looking at an idiot.
Ning Yudie was quick-witted, and had already sensed that there was something wrong with Feng Ge. She looked at Luo Zheng with an inquiring gaze, hoping that Luo Zheng could give an explanation.

Chapter 2982
Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations
Token Bearing
Imperial Concubine Yan hurried over from Taishi Palace. When she saw the awakened Feng Ge, she was already in tears.
She strode forward and hugged Feng Ge in her arms. However, she heard Feng Ge ask coldly, "Who are you? Why are you hugging me? "
Imperial Concubine Yan's expression changed. She looked at Feng Ge carefully, and then her eyes fell on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had just explained to Ning Yudie and the others. Facing Imperial Concubine Yan, Luo Zheng had to start all over again.
"In the Dark Zone, Feng Ge was possessed by a Pure Witch," Luo Zheng said to Imperial Concubine Yan.
"I know," Imperial Concubine Yan replied calmly.
"You know?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Imperial Concubine Yan nodded, "The Pure Witch in the Dark Zone wanted to possess Lingshuang, but I killed her."
Hearing Imperial Concubine Yan's words, Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
The soul of the pig-faced monster, Huyun, was much stronger than Feng Ge's. He had been wondering what happened in the middle and why Huyun failed to possess Lingshuang.
When Feng Ge fell under the tomb, Luo Zheng thought she was completely finished. In the end, Feng Ge became a Pure Witch!
"I want to know what happened next?" Imperial Concubine Yan looked at Feng Ge blankly and asked again.
"Feng Ge became a Pure Witch. She got a new Nirvana Realm physical body, and it was extraordinarily powerful," Luo Zheng replied.
Imperial Concubine Yan's eyes showed a trace of surprise. At that time, she also knew that such a big movement in the depths of Feng Ge's soul would make the situation very troublesome. However, she did not expect the situation to develop like this. No one had encountered such a thing before.
"How strong is she? How is she compared to you?" Imperial Concubine Yan asked.
"Her physical body is several times stronger than mine. No one in the Thirteen Layers of Heaven can contend against her. Moreover, she can instantly kill the creatures of the Dark Realm," Luo Zheng replied.
In terms of strength, Feng Ge's Nirvana Realm body was far stronger than Luo Zheng's. It was unknown if it could fight against the Three-eyed Boy and his giant ape. However, even if the Three-eyed Boy and the giant ape were stronger than Feng Ge, Feng Ge could still use Brahma's Infinite Sky. Under this light, the creatures of the dark realm could not fight back.
"Can she leave the 13th Heaven?" Concubine Yan continued to ask.
The Pure Witches were creatures of the Nirvana Realm. They were all fixed in a certain layer of heaven. The Pure Witches in the upper Nirvana Realm were also known as the Masters of Heaven.
However, no matter how powerful the Lord of Heaven was, he could only stay in a certain heaven. If Feng Ge could ascend in the Nirvana Realm, then her identity as a Pure One would have infinite significance!
Luo Zheng had not considered this question. He said, "After we escaped from the Dark Realm, we quickly left the Nirvana Realm. We haven't tried it yet."
"Hmm." Concubine Yan nodded. She reached out and gently stroked Feng Ge's face. "Now it seems that when I killed the Pure One, its Yang Soul remained in Feng Ge's body and integrated with Feng Ge's Fire of Memory …"
"Is there a way to restore it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The Fire of Memory is fragile and complicated, but it's not impossible. It's just that the process will be very troublesome," Concubine Yan said faintly.
Luo Zheng had seen a lot of Fire of Memory. Those Fire of Memory in the Divine Domain could form an ocean. For example, the Fire of Memory with tassels was taken out and stuffed back in …
However, these Fire of Memory were all intact, unlike Feng Ge's that had been broken.
However, there were many capable people in the Heavenly Palace, so there was always a solution.
"Come back to the Taidi Palace with me first. I've been so worried these days," Concubine Yan said with pity.
Unexpectedly, Feng Ge pushed Concubine Yan's hand away and snorted. "Who's going back with you? I want to stay by my husband's side."
"Husband?" Concubine Yan's face darkened.
Although Concubine Yan admired Luo Zheng very much, her daughter was the most favored princess in the Taidi Palace. How could she call him husband so casually? She even suspected that Luo Zheng had done something to Feng Ge …
Ling Shuang, Ning Yudie, and the others suddenly smiled. Luo Zheng had explained before that since Feng Ge crawled out of the grave, he had been particularly dependent on him.
Luo Zheng was embarrassed, but he could only brace himself to explain to Concubine Yan.
Feng Ge had lost his memory. His intelligence was that of a six or seven-year-old child. He should have chosen to rely on him out of conditioned reflex.
If Concubine Yan wanted to cure Feng Ge, she would definitely not agree to leave Feng Ge here.
When Feng Ge refused to cooperate, she stretched out a finger and gently brushed Feng Ge's forehead, causing Feng Ge to fall into a state of coma.
Feng Ge, who was invincible in the Nirvana Realm, naturally had no power to fight back in front of Concubine Yan. He was taken away by Concubine Yan just like that.
Ling Shuang understood what had happened in the dark realm and then chose to leave. But before she left, her eyes were slightly bitter.
Luo Zheng's return made this independent courtyard lively again.
These days, not only were Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin exhausted, but even Xiaoyin and Xiaoxin were lamenting. Everyone's mood was gloomy and obscure. Now, the clouds were dispelled and the sun could be seen.
Luo Zheng was also sad to let them suffer with him, so he accompanied them all these days.
Seven days later, Luo Zheng chose to go into seclusion.
The Instrument of Civilization was too important to Luo Zheng. The sooner he carried it, the sooner he could feel at ease.
The Instrument of Civilization was not only a powerful Nirvana token, but it also contained a flaw in the Great Unification of Dao.
Compared to this Nirvana token, Luo Zheng was more interested in this flaw.
"Whoosh …"
The True Meaning of Dao slowly spread in Luo Zheng's Inner World.
When this True Meaning spread, the entire Inner World became more harmonious and gentle.
Although thousands of creatures could not comprehend the True Meaning of Dao, just the aura emitted by the True Meaning was enough to benefit many talented people.
Some talented martial artists and True Gods even went into seclusion on the spot, intending to break through under the cover of this aura.
When he first introduced the Mighty God Totem, the terrifying power of the shore gave Luo Zheng's Inner World a strong pressure.
But when he put down the Instrument of Civilization, it was much quieter.
It looked like a diamond-shaped, thorny handicraft carved out of green jade. It did not look amazing.
But when it appeared, the entire Thousand Fan Territory shook.
"Buzz …"
Lines of Sanskrit began to flicker with golden light.
When he used the True Meaning of Good and Evil to carry the Mind's Eye, 104 Sanskrit lit up in the Thousand Fan Territory.
When he used the True Meaning of Eternal Sword to carry the Mighty God Totem, 140 Sanskrit lit up.
This time, when he used the True Meaning of Dao to carry the Instrument of Civilization, 366 Sanskrit lit up!
"Swoosh!"
Every time the Sanskrit characters shone, a chain would extend from them.
Three hundred and sixty-six chains shot out and wrapped around the weapon of civilization.
"This Instrument of Civilization should not be considered a Nirvana token in the Color Realm," Luo Zheng's incarnation murmured as he looked at the Instrument of Civilization not far away.
Generally speaking, no matter how strong the Nirvana tokens in the Color Realm were, they were mostly suitable for the Hundred Fan Territory. For example, the Mighty God Totem, as a Nirvana token of the 13th Heaven, only needed 140 Sanskrit to carry it.
"Heh …"

Chapter 2983
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Blood Origin Divine Dao
The beings in the Upper Heavens on the other side had ways to enter the Lower Heavens.
However, they had to pay a huge price, and their power would be suppressed by the rules.
The Green Jade Civilization was a top-notch existence among many other civilizations. How could they be weak?
If the Green Jade Civilization fully unleashed its power in the Upper Heavens, a single Green Jade Venomous Bug could kill Luo Zheng in an instant. Moreover, it didn't rely on poison, just pure strength.
The chains wrapped around the Green Jade Civilization and gradually straightened.
Just when Luo Zheng thought that he could successfully bear the weight, one of the chains suddenly broke with a "Hua" sound!
Whoosh!
Whoosh!
Whoosh!
As the first chain began to break, the other chains followed suit. In the blink of an eye, seven or eight chains had broken.
Previously, Luo Zheng had succeeded in carrying the Mind's Eye and the Totem of the Mighty God. He didn't expect an accident to happen when carrying the Tool of Civilization.
When the chains broke, the Sanskrit on the other end dimmed …
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng frowned.
"Your Thousand Fan Domain isn't stable enough," the Green Jade Spirit explained.
"It's not stable enough!" Luo Zheng was shocked.
He remembered that since he opened the Thousand Fan Domain, almost everyone thought it was extremely stable.
If his Thousand Fan Domain wasn't stable enough, people of the same cultivation level would be even worse.
"Let me help you …"
After all, the Green Jade Spirit was the Child of Truth. Moreover, the Tool of Civilization was originally very special.
Even if Luo Zheng carried it, he couldn't completely control the entire Green Jade Civilization. The Green Jade Spirit was attached to the Tool of Civilization, so it could control it.
Whoosh …
The weapon of civilization hovering in the air suddenly shot out a beam of green light, which transformed into green chains that bound the green jade weapon. Then, the chains spread out toward the border of the inner world, where they fused with the Sanskrit characters.
The golden chains formed by the Sanskrit broke one by one. However, every time a chain broke, the Tool of Civilization would replace it.
After adding more than 40 green chains, the Armament of Civilization finally stabilized within his inner world. As the green and gold chains disappeared, the Armament of Civilization was finally completed.
At the same time, Luo Zheng was also able to decipher the information contained in the Instrument of Civilization.
Including their words, their origins, and their development …
There were some things that Luo Zheng had seen in advance. Back in the Dark Domain, the Green Jade Spirit had activated the Weapon of Civilization and shown it to Luo Zheng. Now, Luo Zheng knew more about it.
When Luo Zheng reached the end of the analysis, he found that there was an additional energy in the Instrument of Civilization.
The energy was as red as blood. It floated in the air and formed a huge Sanskrit character. However, such a demonic red Sanskrit character was indeed rare.
"What is this Sanskrit …" Luo Zheng asked.
"This is a Sanskrit that cannot be deciphered," the Jade Spirit replied.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and asked, "What's the use of it?"
Some Sanskrit characters contained extremely important information, such as the True Comprehension Chapter of the Eternal Sword Fate. However, some Sanskrit characters were very boring and didn't have much meaning.
But what did the Jade Spirit mean by making this Sanskrit character appear?
Moreover, the energy contained in this Sanskrit character made him feel even more strange.
"You don't need to understand this Sanskrit." The Spirit of the Green Jade continued, "When the Winged Monarch discovered it, it was already in this state. All you need is this energy. It is the flaw of the Great Unification of the Dao. It is also one of the three thousand Divine Dao in the Chaos."
"A Divine Path outside of the 3,000 Divine Paths?" Luo Zheng was shocked.
Although the 3,000 Divine Paths were an imaginary number, and the number of Divine Paths summed up by each master was different, it was just a difference in concept.
The 3,000 Divine Paths included all the energy in the entire Chaos except for the Power of Nirvana!
Flowers, trees, birds, beasts, heaven, earth, sun, moon, yin and yang, the five elements, everything was included.
According to the Jade Spirit, there was an additional Divine Path out of thin air?
"This is … incredible …"
At this time, 9527's voice also came in.
Previously, when Luo Zheng merged the Mind's Eye and the Power God Totem, 9527 was not interested.
However, the Instrument of Civilization had obviously aroused 9527's curiosity. After all, the Jade Spirit that was stored in the Instrument of Civilization was once an existence like its original owner.
9527 was also very shocked when it secretly peeked.
It believed that even if its original owner came in person and observed this demonic red energy, it would also be very surprised.
When countless Chaos was destroyed and born, this demonic red energy was missing. It was no wonder that the Great Unification of Dao energy could not be truly unified.
"What is this demonic red energy called?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Our Jade Civilization does not have a Divine Path. It corresponds to 2,800 types of elemental energy. This blood-red energy is called the Blood Elemental Energy," the Jade Spirit replied.
"Then can I call it the Blood Elemental Divine Path?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Up to you," the Jade Spirit replied.
The name itself was not important. What was important was the meaning behind the name.
The Blood Elemental Divine Path was also one of the Divine Paths. Its power might not be strong enough, and like other Divine Paths, it was far inferior to the Nirvana Realm Power.
However, when the 3,000 Divine Paths were merged with this one, it naturally made up for the flaw and became more perfect.
"You said that the Great Unification of Dao is missing three flaws. The Blood Elemental Divine Path is one of them. Then the other two flaws should also be two Divine Paths?" Luo Zheng deduced.
Unexpectedly, the Green Jade Spirit smiled faintly and replied, "If it were really that simple, then the grand unification of the Dao Fusion wouldn't be incomplete for so long. Although I don't know what the other two flaws are, they definitely aren't elemental energy. It can't be the Divine Dao you speak of."
Hearing what the Jade Spirit said, Luo Zheng pouted. He was indeed taking it for granted.
The Jade Civilization had used the power of the entire civilization and still could not find the remaining flaws. How could the remaining two flaws be so easy to find?
After the merger, Luo Zheng began to consider another problem. He asked, "What kind of Nirvana Realm token does the Instrument of Civilization belong to? Descending type? Strengthening type? Or mystery type? "
Luo Zheng roughly explained the classification of these types to the Jade Spirit. The Jade Spirit replied, "The characteristics that you mentioned exist in the Instrument of Civilization. I will teach you the specific method of using it …"
Just as Luo Zheng and the Jade Spirit were discussing, Luo Nian was standing on top of a palace and looking up at the sky.
When the Instrument of Civilization appeared in his Inner World, Luo Nian knew that his father must have brought in something strange.

Chapter 2984
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Dispersing Sanskrit
Luo Nian had suffered a great loss when deciphering the two pieces of Sanskrit, so he understood that some Sanskrit couldn't be interpreted casually.
But seeing this unique Sanskrit, Luo Nian still couldn't suppress his curiosity.
But as he tried to decipher it, the originally shaped Sanskrit suddenly became agitated, and blood-red energy flowed everywhere like water before dispersing on its own.
Luo Zheng was still communicating with the Jade Spirit. He didn't expect this to happen to the Sanskrit.
"Huh?" The Jade Spirit said doubtfully, "Someone is deciphering this Sanskrit. Do you have a decoder in your internal world?"
The Jade Spirit also had creatures that specialized in deciphering Sanskrit. These creatures were called decoders.
There was only one person in Luo Zheng's internal world who could decipher Sanskrit, and that was Luo Nian.
He thought for a moment, and his gaze pierced through the sky and locked onto Luo Nian. He saw Luo Nian looking up at the sky, his mouth agape, his face full of confusion.
"It's my son," Luo Zheng replied.
"He can decipher this level of Sanskrit?" the Jade Spirit asked.
Deciphering Sanskrit was difficult. Luo Zheng already knew this in the divine plane. So far, it seemed that no Sanskrit could stump Luo Nian. Even Donghuang found it difficult to decipher the Sanskrit of the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate, but Luo Nian still managed to decipher it.
"He … deciphered it?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
The Jade Spirit had just said that the Sanskrit couldn't be deciphered. Luo Zheng only needed to integrate the energy of the Blood Origin Divine Path. Judging from the Jade Spirit's words, Luo Nian seemed to have deciphered it.
Luo Zheng waved his hand, and with a formless spatial fluctuation, a spatial door appeared in front of him.
He reached out and pulled, and Luo Nian was pulled out.
"Dad …" Luo Nian called out.
"Nian 'er, did you decipher that Sanskrit?" Luo Zheng pointed at the blood-red energy in the sky.
Luo Nian nodded honestly. "I was just curious. This thing seems to have intelligence. It dispersed as soon as I deciphered it!"
"Can you decipher this Sanskrit?" the Jade Spirit's voice.
"What's that sound?" Luo Nian looked around.
"It's a senior. You can call him Senior Green Jade," said Luo Zheng.
His father was an invincible existence in Luo Nian's eyes, so this Senior Green Jade must be even more powerful. He blinked and replied, "I'm confident that I can decipher this Sanskrit, but it's crumbling too quickly for me to decipher."
"Are you sure you can decipher it?" The Green Jade Spirit was a little doubtful.
Back then, the Winged Monarch had gone through untold hardships to find this Sanskrit. It contained the Blood Elemental Power, but this Sanskrit was very special.
As long as someone tried to decipher it, the Blood Elemental Power would dissipate. After a while, it would recover and form the original Sanskrit.
Back then, the Winged Monarch had determined that the Sanskrit contained a special meaning. Not only did he decipher it himself, but he also got the code breakers from the Green Jade Civilization to decipher it. The code breakers that the Winged Monarch had found were the best in their civilization. Each of them had their own talents, but in the end, none of them succeeded.
After countless attempts, the Winged Monarch finally chose to give up and concluded that this Sanskrit had no meaning. Since then, the code breakers stopped trying to decipher it. Only a few people persisted. However, they persisted until the entire chaos was destroyed, but they still failed.
Therefore, when the Green Jade Spirit took out the Blood Elemental Power, it told Luo Zheng not to pay attention to this Sanskrit. What was important was the power within it.
Now that Luo Nian said this, the Green Jade Spirit expressed deep doubts.
"Nian 'er, are you really confident? You have to tell me the truth, "Luo Zheng said.
Luo Nian had a trace of rebellion in his bones, but Luo Zheng had imprisoned him in this small world. There was nothing he could do.
Seeing that his father was doubting him, he said with a face full of dissatisfaction, "This Sanskrit doesn't record much. As long as it doesn't crumble, I can decipher it immediately!"
Luo Zheng thought that Luo Nian was boasting. After all, the Green Jade Spirit used to be an existence like the ancient gods of chaos. Luo Zheng naturally believed it when it said that it couldn't decipher it. Just as he was about to scold Luo Nian, the Green Jade Spirit suddenly said, "What? You're saying that this Sanskrit doesn't record much? "
"Yes! Although the structure of this Sanskrit is complex, there isn't much information hidden in it, "Luo Nian said firmly.
Luo Nian's conclusion instantly aroused the Green Jade Spirit's interest, because the Winged King had said something similar.
The Green Jade Spirit used to be the Winged King's right-hand man. After the Winged King couldn't decipher the Sanskrit, he seemed very regretful. He just murmured, "This Sanskrit definitely hides important information. There isn't much information, but I can't decipher it!"
The Winged King had studied it for countless years to come to this conclusion, but Luo Zheng's son had seen it at a glance. Even the knowledgeable Green Jade Spirit was very surprised.
"In that case, young friend, please try to decipher this Sanskrit," the Green Jade Spirit said.
Luo Zheng heard the sudden change in the Green Jade Spirit's tone and was a little surprised. It seemed that Luo Nian was right?
Luo Nian blinked and said, "This Sanskrit collapsed all of a sudden. I can't decipher it in time."
"If you copy it, it won't collapse," the Green Jade Spirit said again.
Hearing what the Green Jade Spirit said, Luo Nian's eyes flashed with craftiness. "If I decipher this Sanskrit, what benefits can I get?"
This was a problem that Luo Nian had since he was young. No matter what he did, he had to calculate the benefits first.
But in all fairness, his request wasn't too much.
Deciphering some Sanskrit in the mother world could earn a lot of money. If it was slightly more complicated, it would often cost a lot.
Take the two Sanskrit pieces of the True Comprehension Chapter as an example. The value of deciphering it was simply immeasurable.
Every time Luo Zheng asked Luo Nian for help, it was always free …
"Benefits?" The Green Jade Spirit thought for a while and said, "If you can really decipher it, I can accept you as my disciple."
Behind the Green Jade Spirit was a huge civilization. This civilization was once ranked in the top ten among the countless civilizations in the Nirvana Realm. Such a brilliant civilization naturally gave birth to many special supernatural powers and methods. More importantly, the Green Jade Spirit was once a genuine Son of Truth.
If Luo Nian could be its disciple, he would naturally benefit greatly. Luo Zheng was also willing to do so.
Unexpectedly, Luo Nian was a little disdainful and asked Luo Zheng, "Dad, is he powerful? How powerful is he? How is he compared to Grandma Shi? "
Shi Qiaoqiao had stayed in the Immortal Mansion for a long time. For a long time, Luo Nian had thought that she was the most powerful person. Naturally, Luo Nian used her as a benchmark to compare.
"This …" Luo Zheng had a strange look on his face.
Shi Qiaoqiao was indeed a powerhouse in the divine territory, but when it came to the scale of chaos, she couldn't be counted.
Luo Zheng roughly explained the status of the ancient gods of chaos. Luo Nian was originally interested in the outside world and listened with great interest.

Chapter 2985
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
The spokesmen
Luo Nian was very interested in the vast mother world, and Luo Zheng had promised to let him go once he reached the Great Perfection.
The experts he encountered in the outside world were not comparable to those in the inner world. To go further in the mother world, he naturally needed to be stronger.
He heard from his father that "Mr. Green Jade" was one of the strongest experts in the Chaos. Of course, he was interested.
"It's a deal," the Green Jade Spirit replied seriously.
Soon after, the dispersing power of blood origin slowly gathered together and turned into the Sanskrit character again.
Luo Nian was not in a hurry to decipher it. He waited until Luo Zheng had copied it, then he began to decipher the Sanskrit character on the paper.
When Luo Nian began to decipher it, the Sanskrit character on the paper naturally did not collapse, but the Sanskrit character formed by the power of blood origin collapsed again!
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Although Luo Nian was deciphering the Sanskrit character, he was deciphering the Sanskrit character on the paper. Why did the Sanskrit character formed by the power of blood origin still collapse?
"It's a very interesting reaction," the Green Jade Spirit said calmly. "No matter when or where you decipher this Sanskrit character copy, it will quickly collapse on its own, even if it is separated by more than half of the Chaos."
In order to decipher this Sanskrit character, the Green Jade civilization had spent the efforts of countless Green Jade creatures. They had thoroughly studied its characteristics.
Luo Nian floated in the air, holding the copy paper tightly with both hands, and his face became extremely serious.
The two Sanskrit characters of the True Comprehension Chapter were extremely complicated, and this Sanskrit character was at the other extreme. It was actually very simple.
But the simpler something was, the harder it was to decipher. When there was too much meaning in it, the deciphering options would become even more difficult.
For most deciphering experts, this was almost fatal, but Luo Nian was the best at it.
After the time it took to burn a stick of incense, Luo Nian rolled up the paper in his hand and smiled slightly at Luo Zheng.
"Do you have a clue?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I've completely deciphered it," Luo Nian said proudly with his nose slightly raised.
Luo Zheng's eyes widened, and the Green Jade Spirit was also extremely shocked, "How is this possible …"
"What's impossible?" Luo Zheng curled his lips and said disdainfully, "It's just a sentence. I've already said that this Sanskrit contains very little information!"
"What sentence was recorded?"
"What's inside?"
Luo Zheng and the Green Jade Spirit hurriedly asked.
Although they couldn't rule out the possibility that the child was fooling them, they still hoped to get some information from it.
"The Elemental Spirit Civilization is a despicable thief. They stole the Holy Fire and made the world desolate," Luo Nian read according to what he had deciphered. After reading it, he was also puzzled. "What does this mean?"
"Elemental Spirit civilization? Is this considered a dominant civilization? "Luo Zheng asked.
The definition of civilization was very broad.
There were several civilizations in Luo Zheng's Inner World. Even if the development of the Human Race was different, the civilizations that were born were also different.
To be able to become a dominant civilization, it must be an overlord in the chaos!
If Luo Zheng didn't know about the Elemental Spirit Civilization, it was even more impossible for Luo Nian to know. This sentence couldn't have been made up by Luo Nian. After the green jade spirit confirmed this, it was also thinking about the meaning of this sentence.
When Luo Zheng asked, the Green Jade Spirit replied, "The Elemental Spirit Civilization is the second dominant civilization."
"The second dominant civilization, that's also a very early civilization," Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
The first civilization was the Moment Civilization, then the second civilization followed closely behind. Moreover, there must be a strong person in the first civilization who served as the second civilization's Chaos Ancient God. There must be a great connection between these two civilizations.
"Yes, the Moment Civilization has no time, and the Elemental Spirit Civilization has no form. They are essentially formed by the convergence of energy," the Green Jade Spirit said.
When some energy was too strong, elemental creatures such as fire spirits and water spirits would be born. These elemental creatures didn't have physical bodies, and the Elemental Spirit Race in the second chaos was composed of these elemental creatures. It was just that their race had many types of elements.
"The Elemental Spirit Race stole the Sacred Fire. What does the Sacred Fire represent?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"I'm not sure," the Green Jade Spirit murmured. "To make the world cold and desolate, this world is very likely to refer to the chaos, and the Sacred Fire can be hypothesized to be another flaw in the fusion of energy …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up. "You mean, this flaw was taken away by the Elemental Spirit Race?"
"Very likely," the Green Jade Spirit replied.
"Then this Elemental Spirit Race is now …" Luo Zheng asked.
"Hey," the Green Jade Spirit said with a smile. "This civilization is ranked third in the Nirvana Realm. It's a powerful and ancient race that has been dominating the Upper Heavens for a long time."
"This civilization is so powerful …" Luo Zheng said with a frown. "If that's the case, won't the civilizations behind have no chance at all to climb up?"
"Not to mention the Nirvana Realm, even everything in the Mother World that you said is the result of their deliberate control. Behind those powerful races stand the Primordial Gods of Chaos, and behind the Primordial Gods of Chaos are the civilizations hidden in the Nirvana Realm. Those peak experts in the Mother World are just the spokespersons chosen by the various civilizations," the Green Jade Spirit said.
"The spokespersons of the various civilizations!" Luo Zheng was very shocked to hear this.
He had heard from 9527 that the You Xiong Clan was supported by the Primordial Gods of Chaos. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to rise so quickly. However, the Primordial Gods of Chaos also relied on the civilizations in the Mother World. This was a bit unbelievable.
"You said that those peak experts are all their spokespersons?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Yes," the Green Jade Spirit replied with certainty. "The Chaos has experienced so many cycles of destruction and rebirth. They have long been familiar with this game. As early as the birth of the Chaos, those guys had already begun to plot."
In that case, the East Emperor Taiyi also had the support of a civilization? The same was true for Nuwa and even Fuxi …
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, the Green Jade Spirit smiled and said, "Don't forget, you are now the spokesperson of our Green Jade Civilization."
The Green Jade Civilization used to be a powerful civilization that was also ranked in the top ten. It was just lurking in the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven.
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded slightly. "In that case, if we want to find the so-called 'Holy Fire,' I'm afraid we have to find the Elemental Spirit Civilization?"

Chapter 2986
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
The Land of Origin
Luo Zheng knew too little about the Paramita.
At first, he entered the Paramita just to get the token and control more power.
He didn't expect the forces in the Paramita to be so complicated.
While Luo Zheng and the Green Jade Spirit were talking, Luo Nian was getting impatient.
"Hey! You said you would take me as your disciple! "Luo Nian reminded.
"Nian 'er, don't be rude," Luo Zheng stopped her.
The Green Jade Spirit was very kind, so it would definitely do what it promised.
"Buzz …"
A green light flashed from the Weapon of Civilization, which turned into a green cube as tall as a person. The entire cube looked like a top-grade jade.
Ka ka ka ka …
The surface of the jade trembled, and some green fragments peeled off. Finally, it turned into the image of a middle-aged man, who looked like an exquisite jade sculpture.
"This is you …" Luo Nian's eyes widened when she saw the image.
The Green Jade Spirit smiled, "I made a body in the image of a human and left it in your inner world. You don't mind, do you?"
Luo Zheng cupped his hands to the Green Jade Spirit, "Mister Green Jade, you are too polite."
The Green Jade Spirit looked around, and when it saw the brown sea of chaos, its face showed a trace of suspicion, "The sea of this world …"
"What?" Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
The Green Jade Spirit flew down from the sky and dived into the sea of chaos. It reached out and cupped the sea water, "Is this the sea water of chaos?"
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
The brown sea water boiled in the Green Jade Spirit's hands, and after a while, it turned into wisps of chaos and dissipated. The Green Jade Spirit was even more surprised, "How did your inner world form?"
Luo Zheng's inner world became like this because of the Chaos Secret Technique given to him by Master Gu Bei, which directly replaced the True Yuan in Luo Zheng's inner world with chaos.
There was no need to hide this secret, so Luo Zheng answered truthfully, "I cultivated a secret technique, and it became like this."
The Green Jade Spirit's expression became more and more strange. "He cultivated a secret technique? Where did this secret technique come from? Your inner world's evolution isn't complete, so how did this happen? "
Luo Zheng did not have the opportunity to know where his Master had obtained the Primal Chaos Secret Technique. Later, when his mother asked about it, she had angrily rebuked Gu Bei for being too crazy, actually giving him this incomplete Primal Chaos Secret Technique to cultivate. However, the final result seemed to be good, so both Luo Xiao and Luo Shui did not delve into it after entering Luo Zheng's inner world.
As for the fact that his Inner World was incomplete, Luo Zheng had never heard anyone mention it …
"Which part of my Inner World is incomplete?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Any world, including the Mother World, once formed, the Primal Chaos Qi in the body will completely fade away. This is the most basic form of energy, and it is highly toxic to living beings. It is very difficult to nurture living beings in such an environment," the Green Jade Spirit said thoughtfully.
The aura of Chaos receded …
Only Sages and Nirvana Realm experts could travel in the Primal Chaos, and there were still a large number of low-level living beings in the Mother World. There was no aura of Chaos in the Mother World at all.
In Luo Zheng's Inner World, the Primal Chaos Seawater was still in an extremely primitive state, but the living beings in his Inner World were not afraid. This Primal Chaos Sea had even become a place of birth for living beings.
Although Luo Zheng understood what the Green Jade Spirit meant, he was even more confused. What was the use of such an Inner World? Until now, his Master's whereabouts were still unknown, and he had no way to ask for the reason.
Looking at Luo Zheng's confused face, the Green Jade Spirit immediately said, "In a situation like yours, I have only seen one possibility."
"What possibility?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Such a situation would occur in the early stages of the Land of Origin. I have observed it after I became the Son of Truth," the Green Jade Spirit's eyes revealed a deep light, which was naturally a very long memory.
The Green Jade Civilization was the 749th dominant civilization, and he was the Son of Truth of the 750th civilization. Naturally, he could observe the birth of the 750th civilization.
"What is the Land of Origin?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
"The earliest form of your Mother World is the Land of Origin. If the entire Primal Chaos is regarded as an egg, then the Mother World is the egg yolk, and the Land of Origin is when the egg yolk first formed …" the Green Jade Spirit replied, "If your Inner World is really the Land of Origin, then it should not be in your body in name, but born somewhere in the Primal Chaos. Have you noticed it?"
Reminded by the Green Jade Spirit, Luo Zheng's body suddenly shook.
His Inner World was bounded by 1,080 Sanskrit characters, which defined the scope of his Inner World. However, when his Inner World was completed, Luo Zheng did faintly feel that his Inner World was located somewhere in the Primal Chaos!
At that time, Luo Zheng stayed in the Divine Realm and thought that all living beings from the Mother World were like this. Now it seemed that his idea was very wrong!
"It seems that I was right," the Green Jade Spirit said with a smile.
"Isn't there only one Land of Origin?" Luo Zheng asked.
According to the Green Jade Spirit, the Primal Chaos was the egg yolk, and the Mother World was the egg yolk. Only one Land of Origin could be born, right?
"Father, haven't you heard of a double-yolk egg?"
Luo Nian, who had been listening silently at the side, interjected.
Luo Zheng glared fiercely at Luo Nian. According to this analogy, it did make sense, but it was just an analogy. How could it be the same thing?
"When a Primal Chaos is born, the Land of Origin is indeed not an isolated existence. It is possible to give birth to several or even more than a dozen Lands of Origin, from which different civilizations emerge. However, I have never heard of a Land of Origin being related to the Inner World of a living being," the Green Jade Spirit shook its head and said with a smile, "It is a little hasty to appoint you as the spokesperson of our Green Jade Civilization, and you are not even qualified, but now it seems to be getting more and more interesting …"
The Green Jade Civilization had been hiding in the 13th Heaven for too long, and the Green Jade Spirit also felt that there was not enough time. Choosing Luo Zheng was purely a plan to make do, but as the Green Jade Spirit understood, it became increasingly aware that Luo Zheng was not simple.
Just as Luo Zheng and the Green Jade Spirit were discussing, on the other side of the Primal Chaos, the Divine Territory had been wandering in the boundless Primal Chaos for a long time.
The Divine Territory was like a bright gem, shuttling through huge Primal Chaos clouds one after another. These Primal Chaos clouds were really too big. With the speed of the Divine Territory, it often took several months to pass through a Primal Chaos cloud.
Before Luo Zheng left, he handed the Green Parasol to Luo Xiao, but the one who really controlled the direction of the Divine Territory was Elder Jin.
He stood inside the sun, holding the four rings in his hand, and his consciousness drifted outside the Divine Territory, watching every movement around the Divine Territory.
Controlling the direction of the ship of the Divine Territory was a boring thing. There was no scenery to speak of in the vast outer region, but Elder Jin was extremely responsible. For several months, he almost didn't even blink his eyes, maintaining a constant movement.
"What is that?" Elder Jin's eyes suddenly widened.

Chapter 2987
The Graveyard
The Divine Realm was an extremely large world. Chiyou had spent a great deal of effort to open it up.
This tombstone was about the same size as the entire Divine Realm. Even Elder Gold was shocked!
Amidst his shock, Elder Gold thought of a rumor.
Although the chaos was vast and empty, it hid many secrets and danger zones. There was no turning back once one entered these danger zones. The Sinkhole Graveyard was one of them.
Rumor had it that as long as one saw a huge tombstone, it meant that one had stepped into the Sinkhole Graveyard. There was no turning back!
Elder Gold had always been dismissive of this rumor. An existence like him only believed in what he saw.
But now, this huge tombstone was right in front of him. Elder Gold was on high alert.
With a twist of his hands, he turned 180 degrees to the side.
The Divine Realm, which had been moving at high speed, turned around and flew in the other direction.
This time, Elder Gold didn't enter the chaos clouds. His vision was too poor. He had to ensure that he kept away from the tombstone.
However, not long after he followed the chaotic clouds, his face turned ghastly pale. The tombstone had appeared in another direction!
"Damn it!"
An ominous premonition rose in Elder Gold's heart.
After he took over the position of captain, the entire Divine Realm was under his control.
If he really fell into the Sinkhole Graveyard, it would be troublesome. How could he face Chieftain Chiyou if he buried the entire Divine Realm?
Elder Gold suddenly waved his hands. The bow of the ship rose at an almost vertical angle into the chaos. But not long after, the same scene appeared. The huge tombstone was waiting for him.
"I can't get out …"
Realizing this, Elder Jin clenched his teeth. This time, he flew towards the tombstone in the opposite direction.
After he passed by the tombstone, another huge tombstone appeared not far away.
These tombstones, which were the size of the Divine Realm, could be seen everywhere. However, these tombstones looked very dilapidated, as if they had been here for trillions of years and had turned into ruins.
"The Sinkhole Graveyard is indeed similar to the rumors …"
After traveling a distance, Elder Gold realized that he couldn't go any further. He needed to discuss with them.
He withdrew from the rings, picked up the Azure Parasol, and left this place. After drilling out of the sun, he rushed to the Sea of Time with a greater teleportation.
In the center of the Sea of Time, there was an extremely beautiful scenery on the largest floating island. In the palace beside the scenery, the atmosphere was stiff and solemn.
Many Saints were gathered in one place, while Luo Shui was high above with Ling Shu by his side.
Luo Xiao stood in the middle of the hall and frowned. He asked, "Is what Elder Jin said true?"
Elder Jin nodded. "Such a perilous place is widely known in the Mother World. Almost everyone who goes out to explore the Chaos has heard of it. It shouldn't be a baseless rumor."
"Then wouldn't the Deity Realm be finished?"
"This is our only resting place!"
"I wonder what kind of danger lies in this land of peril for it to have such a vicious reputation?"
The Sages discussed fervently.
These Sages' family properties were all here, and they were all in the same boat. If one of them suffered, all of them would suffer. Now, all of them were especially anxious.
"Elder Jin, since you said that you can't return once you see the tombstone, then who named the Sinkhole Cemetery? The person who named it must have been here before. How did he return to the Mother World? "Ling Shu stood beside her sister and smiled.
Elder Jin cupped his hands at Ling Shu. "That's why I didn't really believe this rumor. Perhaps we can find a way back, but in this situation, I'll have to ask the two of you to make a decision."
In terms of foresight and judgment, Elder Jin was the leader in the entire Deity Realm.
However, when Elder Jin was uncertain, he could only let Luo Shui and Ling Shu make the decision. The two sisters were the most authentic descendants of the Chiyou clan.
Li Luo Shui and Luo Xiao looked at each other, and Luo Xiao suggested, "Why don't we send people out to investigate the Deity Realm?"
Although the aura of the Chaos was terrifying, there were still many people who could travel through the Chaos. These Saints and even Nirvana Realm experts could do it.
"That's feasible." Fu Er nodded at the side of the round table.
Elder Jin agreed. "Let's stop the Deity Realm for now and let us explore it."
"Elder Jin should stay in the Deity Realm. Leave the exploration to us," Luo Xiao said.
Compared to the powerful existences in the Chaos, the Deity Realm was still too weak. Luo Xiao's suggestion made sense. They should try not to risk Elder Jin.
"But husband, you …" Luo Shui was a little hesitant. She did not want Luo Xiao to take the risk.
Unexpectedly, Luo Xiao chuckled and said, "We Saints have built a place of refuge. It's not a big deal if we die outside. I'll lead the team out to explore!"
The place of refuge was not a foolproof guarantee. Luo Shui was very clear about this, but in front of so many people, she could not say much. In the end, she could only agree.
Not long after, Luo Xiao, Elder Jiu, Shi Qiaoqiao, Chen Huang Yijian, and the other Saints escaped from the Deity Realm. Fu Er was the only Chiyou Guard who went out with them.
Standing on the outer wall of the Deity Realm, when they saw the incomparably huge tombstone, everyone's eyes widened.
"Even a tombstone is so big. Who was buried here?" A Saint sighed.
"There's only a tombstone but no grave. This area is very strange," Chen Huang Yijian said.
Fu Er stared at the tombstone and said cautiously, "There are many inconceivable things in the Chaos Realm. Everyone should be extra careful."
"Everyone, follow me." As Luo Xiao spoke, he leapt up and began to travel through the Chaos Realm.
The others followed closely behind him, constantly traveling through the Chaos Realm.
The Deity Realm was not too far away from one of the tombstones, but in terms of the Chaos Realm, even the naked eye could see a very long distance. Even a Saint would have to spend a lot of time traveling.
A day and a half later, the Saints finally arrived in front of the tombstone.
The pitch-black tombstone floated alone in the air. This lonely, lifeless object gave off a strange aura, and its enormous appearance gave the Saints a great deal of pressure.
One side of the tombstone was covered with mottled cracks. The cracks on the tombstone were like an abyss.
After a Saint looked around, he approached one of the cracks.
Just as the Saint approached one of the cracks, a giant tongue stretched out from within the crack. This tongue contained countless barbs, each of which shone with a cold light.
Puff puff puff …
The giant tongue wrapped around the Saint, and the barbs easily pierced into the Saint's body, pulling him into the cracks on the tombstone.

Chapter 2988
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Insect Cloak Man
Luo Xiao and the others never thought that such a ferocious creature would be hidden in the cracks of the tombstone.
They all turned pale with fright and retreated in fear.
"The Fang family's Saint has been sucked in …"
"I'm afraid it doesn't bode well for him!"
"Everyone, stay away from the tombstone!"
The Saints warned each other.
Fortunately, Saints could still be reborn. Although the Saints were afraid, they were not particularly afraid. Death was not the end for them.
At that moment, a rune spread out from Fu Er's body. He reached out and tapped the rune lightly. Elder Jin's voice came from it. "The universe of the Fang family's Saint has collapsed."
There was silence everywhere in the Primal Chaos. The Saints naturally heard Elder Jin's voice clearly.
"Why would the universe of the Fang family's Saint collapse?"
"He's completely dead?"
"How is that possible?"
The Saints all had looks of disbelief on their faces. The universe was their protective talisman, but this protective talisman had been so easily erased?
"It's not difficult to destroy the connection to the Soul Lodging Grounds. A place like the Ultimate Graveyard has its own rules. Everyone, be careful," Fu Er reminded them.
Most of the true experts in the Mother World would not use the Soul Lodging Grounds. On one hand, the Soul Lodging Grounds would restrict them greatly. On the other hand, it was not very safe.
Just as the Saints were feeling uneasy, a head appeared from the pitch-black crack.
It was a black toad that was more than two hundred feet long. A ghostly face floated on the back of the toad, looking sinister and terrifying.
"What kind of monster is this?"
"It's repulsive."
"The Fang family's Saint was sucked into its mouth?"
The Saints had seen many repulsive creatures in the divine territory. After the toad revealed its true appearance, everyone felt relieved.
With so many Saints working together, their strength was not to be underestimated. Moreover, Fu Er was a Nirvana Realm expert.
It was still possible to deal with this toad.
However, after the first toad appeared, countless more came out of the cracks.
The size of the tombstone was comparable to the entire divine territory. Compared to the tombstone, the cracks were so small that they were almost negligible. In fact, each crack was hundreds of feet wide. The space inside was unimaginably large.
The toads that crawled out from the cracks stood in a row, emitting a cold and gloomy aura.
The cheeks of the toads were puffed up, and they were very orderly.
"This Ultimate Graveyard is the toad's?"
"There's no way that there are only toads here …"
"…"
Any one of the toads could swallow a Saint in a single gulp. There were over a thousand toads in front of them, and if they really pounced on them, how were they going to deal with them?
"Let's leave this place," Translation.
The other's Is Translation. Translation Since Luo Luo, Luo Xiao Translation.
Just as they were about to retreat, a strange flute sound rang out.
When this low sound was heard, the ghost face on the back of all the toads opened its mouth and let out a miserable cry.
The toads leaped into the air and charged at the Saints.
The Sages' faces turned ghastly pale at the sight of the dense mass of black.
"Translation" Great Great Translation Translation...
"Saint 'Grounds
"…"
Buzz … "
Chen Huang Yijian clenched his teeth and said, "Master, we can't do that here!"
Chen Huang Yijian had stayed in the Abyss Demon Realm for so long, and his heart had long been tempered to the point of being as hard as a rock. But facing the swarm of toads, Chen Huang Yijian was nervous.
The Saints tried, but the result was the same as Chen Huang Yijian. The spatial passage could not be opened at all.
In their panic, the Saints had no choice but to retreat quickly.
However, the speed of these black toads was clearly much faster than the Saints. They moved through the empty space without making a single sound. In just a few blinks of an eye, a considerable number of the toads had already circled behind the Saints and surrounded them.
Compared to the panicked Saints, Fu Er was much calmer.
He flicked his fingers in the air, and light yellow runes appeared in front of him. The runes formed circles of light and spread out, forming a large formation. This formation was smooth and surging, and lightning flashed. It contained an extremely terrifying power. At the same time, he said to the Saints, "Everyone, please come closer."
Fu Er was the strongest in this group, and the Saints were still confident in his strength. They all treated him as a life-saving straw and quickly entered the formation formed by Fu Er.
"Everyone, don't panic. These toads should be controlled by intelligent creatures," Fu Er said.
In the end, his vision far surpassed that of the Saints.
These toads clearly did not have intelligence. As long as they dared to approach the crack, they would attack them.
However, when the strange sound of the flute was heard, all the toads moved because of it. There must be someone controlling them from behind.
The most important thing was that these toads were very obedient. They did not attack the Saints, but only surrounded them.
Woo …
The strange flute sound became louder and louder, and the screams of the ghost face behind the toads became louder and louder.
After a while, the Saints saw a dozen black dots fly out from behind the tombstones.
When the black dots gradually came closer, they could tell that the black dots were insects.
When these "insects" came closer, the Saints could see their faces clearly.
They were not insects at all, but humans!
They wore masks made of insect heads, so their faces could not be seen. Their bodies were draped in insect clothing made of crustaceans. From afar, they naturally looked like insects.
"There are actually humans … in the Ultimate Cemetery?" This time, even the usually calm Fu Er was surprised.
The Ultimate Cemetery was notorious, and there must be all kinds of ferocious races hiding in it. But who would have thought that there was a branch of the human race here?
After the humans in insect clothes approached, they passed through the encirclement of the toads and took away the flutes in their hands. The leader ordered, "You, come with us!"
"Where are we going?" Luo Xiao asked.
"You have no right to ask questions," the insect clothing man replied stiffly. Then, he put the flute to his mouth and blew softly.
Woo …
All the toads became restless. As long as the insect clothing man blew the flute again, the toads would pounce without hesitation.
These people did not care about Fu Er's formation at all. The Saints also felt that Fu Er's formation could not protect them.
"Let's go. Don't resist," Luo Xiao said to the Saints.
Resisting under such circumstances was no different from committing suicide.
Luo Xiao had already made his decision. The other Saints could only take one step at a time.
The insect clothing men led the way, while the toads surrounded the Saints and flew toward the crack in the upper right corner of the tombstones.
In the divine territory, Elder Jin had returned to the sun and put the four rings on himself.

Chapter 2989
Old Friends
Under the escort of those toads, Luo Xiao and the group of Sages entered a crack on the tombstone.
There was another world within the crevice, and it was wet everywhere.
On that black stone wall, there were enormous black toads, huge beetles that were hundreds of meters wide, and even centipedes that were thousands of meters long.
Facing such an environment, the group of Sages frowned. What exactly was this damned place inside the tombstone?
Those people wearing insect clothes did not speak. They simply led the way.
After the toads escorting the Sages entered the crack, they dispersed and returned to their lairs. They were not afraid that these Sages would escape.
"Brother Luo Xiao, what is this damned place?"
"I'm afraid we won't be able to return this time …"
The Sages were also afraid of death …
After Luo Zheng ruled the Divine Realm, the Sages had either died or reincarnated. The entire Divine Realm had entered a new era, and the rules were much fairer than before.
Those latecomers from the great clans had risen up. The current Divine Realm was a brand new era, and they were not willing to fall just like that.
"If you want to kill us, you can just do it outside the tombstone. Why bring us so deep into this place?" Luo Xiao calmly said.
The Sages understood this logic too. But they still felt uneasy in this dark environment.
After flying for more than a hundred kilometers in this region, they entered a vast primitive forest. Seeing those trees that were thousands of meters tall, some of the Sages even thought that they had arrived at the Waterfall Spiral Forest. The scenery here was indeed similar, just that it was darker and more obscure.
On top of an enormous tree deep within this primitive forest, Luo Xiao and the others finally saw some decent buildings.
After entering this building, those people wearing insect clothes ordered them to wait there.
About an incense's time later, a person stepped into the building.
At the moment this person stepped into the building, the group of Sages felt a huge pressure. Even the Paramita Realm Fu Er felt the same.
'This person is so strong. He should have already surpassed the Chaotic Origin Realm …' Fu Er thought.
Facing such an expert, Fu Er could not be the other party's opponent even if he used all his strength, much less the Sages present.
After this person entered the great hall of the building, he quickly walked over. He grabbed the arms of Luo Xiao and Sage Jiu and said excitedly, "Brother Luo Xiao, Brother Jiu, I trust you have been well since we last met!"
Luo Xiao and Saint Jiu were dumbfounded.
This was the first time they had come to this Sinkhole Cemetery. Everyone was already feeling very depressed and nervous. Now that someone had suddenly popped out to address them as brothers, it was obvious how they felt.
This person was also wearing a mask made of insect heads, so they couldn't see his face clearly. They were all a little stunned.
"After so many years, my two brothers can't even recognize my voice." The man laughed as he took off the mask on his head. Under the mask was the face of a handsome middle-aged man. His face was like jade, and he looked quite elegant.
"Kubei?"
"It's Northern Sage!"
"North Sage! It really is North Sage! "
Before Luo Xiao and Saint Jiu could speak, the other Saints present had already recognized him.
After all, Gu Bei was one of the top ranked aristocratic families. Even after disappearing for so many years, the Gu family's floating island still stood tall in front of them. It could be considered a special existence, and had left a deep impression on the other Saints back then.
Some of the Saints present had once followed Dongfang Chunjun, and they more or less had some grudges with Gu Bei back then.
However, these aristocratic Saints had already been punished by Luo Zheng, and were as docile as sheep in the divine realm. Now, they were all extremely attentive to Gu Bei, as if he was their long-lost brother.
Luo Xiao and Saint Jiu stared at Gu Bei for a long time.
After being separated for so long, Gu Bei's cultivation had also increased dramatically. His aura had changed completely, and for a moment, they didn't dare to recognize him.
However, after a while, the two of them hugged Gu Bei tightly.
"If not for your universe, we would have thought you were dead …" Luo Xiao said.
Through the Spiritual Lodging Grounds, one could determine the general location of the Spiritual Lodging Grounds. Just like how Luo Zheng could vaguely sense the direction of the Evil Deities through the Spiritual Lodging Grounds in the mother world. Although it was very vague, the direction was definitely not wrong.
Before Luo Zheng left the divine realm, Luo Xiao had asked him to try to find Gu Bei's whereabouts. However, through Gu Bei's universe, Luo Zheng could not find any clues.
Luo Shui and Elder Jin had also explained this matter. There were some special places that could render the Spiritual Lodging Grounds ineffective. For example, the Spiritual Lodging Grounds in the prison of the Primal Chaos Elder God was ineffective.
If Gu Bei was in such a place, it was true that he could not be found through the Spiritual Lodging Grounds.
The Ultimate Graveyard was such a dangerous place. The Saint of the Fang family had fallen because he was in the Ultimate Graveyard.
"I accidentally entered the Ultimate Graveyard, and I was constantly worried about Brother Luo Xiao's safety. However, I was unable to leave this place. As a brother, I am truly ashamed," Gu Bei said with his head lowered.
Back then, it was useless for Gu Bei to stay in the divine realm. He could not fight against Dongfang Chunjun. If Dongfang Chunjun deliberately targeted him, the Gu family would probably end up like the Luo family. His departure was the right choice.
"Brother Bei is not in the divine realm, but it is better than being there. The immortal mansion you left behind back then was enough for me to break out of my prison," Luo Xiao said with a smile.
Luo Xiao's arrangement in the universe had not only nurtured Luo Zheng, but had also turned the Universal War around. All of this could not be separated from the immortal mansion Gu Bei had left behind …
The Saints calmed down and listened to Luo Xiao, Saint Jiu, and Gu Bei reminisce.
The Saints also faintly heard about the process of Luo Zheng's growth, how he had won the Ultimate Universe in the Universal War, and how Luo Zheng had risen step by step in the divine realm.
These Saints had originally thought that Luo Zheng had been very lucky. They had not expected that there would be so many twists and turns in the process. Hearing about it, they clicked their tongues in wonder.
After listening to Luo Xiao's narration, a strange light flashed in Gu Bei's eyes. He then shook his head and said, "From what Brother Luo Xiao has said, the greatest credit does not come from me, but from Brother Luo Xiao's good son."
"He is also your good disciple, haha …" Luo Xiao laughed heartily.
They had been master and disciple for so many years, but they had never met. It was a strange thing.
After giving a rough account of what had happened in the divine realm, Luo Xiao asked again, "I wonder where this Ultimate Cemetery is? Could it be that once you enter this place, you cannot leave? "
Hearing Luo Xiao's question, Gu Bei's eyes were full of deep thought. "The Ultimate Cemetery is incomparably dangerous in the eyes of outsiders, but in reality, this is another place of origin of the chaos. It is not as frightening as you imagine. As for leaving, there is a way, but not now …"
"I would like to hear the details," Luo Xiao said with cupped hands.
The Saints had left the divine realm to explore the Ultimate Cemetery. To be able to meet Luo Xiao here was a great fortune.

Chapter 2990
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
Master's Return
There was usually only one birthplace in a cycle of chaos.
Especially in the early stages of chaos, there would only be one mother world.
However, as the Nirvana World was created, more and more races entered the Nirvana World before the chaos was destroyed. As the forces on the Nirvana World became more and more complex, the simple chaos also became complicated.
In the later stages of chaos, there were often several birthplaces.
The mother world was one, and the Ultimate Cemetery was another.
However, compared to the massive mother world, the Ultimate Cemetery was much smaller.
The tombstones that Luo Xiao and the rest saw were the size of the Divine Territory, and there were a total of 87 of them.
From the perspective of the Divine Territory, it was already extremely huge.
These 87 tombstones were all free, and there were different races in each tombstone. The human race was the most powerful in the Ultimate Cemetery.
Hearing Gu Bei's words, a Saint said proudly, "The human race is the spirit of the gods, it's not surprising that they are the most powerful!"
The Divine Territory was created by Chi You, and Chi You was a human. All other living beings, whether they had intelligence or not, could only submit to the human race. These Saints had never left the Divine Territory, and naturally thought that other places were the same.
Gu Bei heard the Saint's words and shook his head. "The truth is not as you say."
Fu Er nodded in agreement. "In the mother world, the human race is not the most powerful force. It's only in recent years that things have improved. Some of the foreign races are born strong, and the human race is not as talented as the foreign races."
Gu Bei looked at Fu Er and asked, "Brother, are you from the mother world?"
"Yes." Fu Er saluted Gu Bei.
"Fu Er is from the Chi You Guard of the Jiuli Tribe. It's thanks to them that the Divine Territory was able to escape this disaster," Luo Xiao introduced to Gu Bei.
After this introduction, Fu Er asked, "If this is the other birthplace, who created it?"
"The other human race," Gu Bei replied.
"The other human race?" Fu Er was alarmed when he heard this.
Although these Sages were born in the Divine Realm, they would not consider themselves as the descendants of the Li Clan. If the other human clan that Gu Bei mentioned was the You Xiong Clan or the Divine Farmer Clan, they would be in trouble.
"As far as I know, there are only four major human orthodoxies in the Primal Chaos. The first is Jiuli, the second is Taiyi, the third is You Xiong, and the fourth is Shennong. I wonder which branch created this cemetery?" Fu Er asked.
Kubei revealed an unfathomable smile and shook his head. "None of the above. Brother Fu Er, you may have misunderstood. A race that can obtain a place of birth would not be a civilization born from this cycle of chaos."
Fu Er's eyes widened slightly as he asked, "Is it the civilization of the Nirvana Realm? Are they humans? "
Fu Er had heard Elder Jin mention the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods and the civilizations in the Nirvana Realm. Although Fu Er's understanding was limited, he could roughly understand.
Luo Xiao and the other Sages were confused.
Ever since Luo Zheng left the Divine Realm, the Sages in the Divine Realm had the opportunity to break through to the Nirvana Realm. They were all cultivating the True Meaning of Tao.
However, the only ones who had made progress were Aunt Han Jiu and Shi Xiaoqiao. They had both entered the Sea of True Meaning. The other Sages were still bitterly chanting the True Meaning of Tao. Perhaps their compatibility was not good enough, so their progress was very slow.
"Yes." Kubei nodded solemnly. "This group of humans was once very glorious. They were the dominant civilization of the 77th Chaos. They once dominated the entire Chaos. Even in the Nirvana Realm, they were a very powerful civilization."
The reason why Gu Bei was able to advance so quickly in the Sinkhole Graveyard was firstly because Gu Bei himself was extremely talented, and secondly because the creator of the Sinkhole Graveyard was a human, so they would treat humans well.
Hearing this, the other Sages breathed a sigh of relief.
They had thought that the Divine Realm falling into the Ultimate Cemetery would be a disaster. Now it seemed that it was not a problem.
"How will they treat the Divine Realm?" Luo Xiao asked the question that everyone was concerned about.
Gu Bei thought for a while and then said, "They have been searching for their spokespersons in the 87 tombstones. Now that the Divine Realm has mistakenly entered this place, they will probably include the Divine Realm in their search."
"Spokespersons?" Saint Jiu was unfamiliar with this term.
Gu Bei nodded and said, "Before the Apocalypse descends, the Chaos will face a fierce battle sooner or later. They need spokespersons. They will prioritize the selection of the humans. There are many humans in the Divine Realm. If they can join, they will naturally have a wide range of choices …"
Although the Sages did not understand, there were still Sages who asked, "Although there are many humans in the Divine Realm, their cultivation is still too low. This selection does not have much meaning, right? If there is really a selection, will the humans in the Ultimate Cemetery support the Divine Realm? "
After Luo Zheng left, the Divine Realm was in a frenzy to comprehend the True Meaning of Dao.
Many Perfect True Gods, Quasi-Saints, and Sages were bitterly cultivating the True Meaning of Dao. However, directly comprehending the True Meaning of Dao was too difficult. If one did not have an extremely high compatibility, they would often not even be able to touch the threshold. If they could obtain the support of the Ultimate Cemetery, it was something that the wealthy families could only wish for.
These wealthy families did not care at all about where the Divine Realm went. It was fine as long as the Divine Realm was not destroyed.
Gu Bei smiled faintly and said, "Of course there will be. I can guarantee that."
Now that Gu Bei was considered an important person in the Ultimate Graveyard, he could easily give him some cultivation resources.
After discussing the Divine Realm's current situation, Gu Bei stared at Luo Xiao and asked, "How is Shi Qiaoqiao now? Has she come out of the Immortal Abode? "
Shi Qiaoqiao had been locked in the Immortal Abode for a long time. Her personality was too strong.
Back then, Gu Bei had done it out of helplessness. Every year, Gu Bei would feel guilty. Now, he was naturally quite concerned.
Saint Jiu revealed a meaningful smile. "Back then, when I went to the Soul Wilderness to ask her to help, she made a request. She wanted us to find you. Hehe, now we've fulfilled our promise back then! Fortunately, we didn't disappoint you! "
Hearing Saint Jiu's words, Gu Bei's eyes revealed a hint of excitement. He then said, "I'll follow you all back to the Divine Realm!"
He led the way in front, and the other Sages followed closely behind.
After coming out of the huge crack, they headed straight for the Divine Realm.
Gu Bei was originally born in the Divine Realm. Naturally, he would not be obstructed by the Divine Realm's Heavenly Mirror Shield. The instant he entered, he used greater teleportation and headed straight for the floating island in the Sea of Time.
Now, the floating island in the Sea of Time had changed greatly. Only the Gu Family, the Luo Family, and a few other wealthy families were floating on the Sea of Time. Other than that, there was the huge floating island in the center.
This time, the Divine Realm had mistakenly entered the Ultimate Cemetery, alarming all the experts in the Divine Realm.
Yu Taibai, Jing Wuhuan, Yu Shenfeng, Shi Qiaoqiao, and the others were waiting on the floating island for news from the outside world.
The Sages had just left not long ago, and one of the Divine Realm's universes had already collapsed. This Ultimate Cemetery was too strange.

Chapter 2991
Translator: Transn Editor: Transn
Chi Yi requested an audience.
When Gu Bei entered the divine territory, he had already taken off his insect clothing and changed into a set of green robes, returning to his usual appearance.
When he was young, he had been extremely handsome. Now that his cultivation had improved, he looked even more elegant with the support of his aura.
Even Luo Xiao and Saint Jiu found it hard to recognize him, let alone Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng.
"This person looks so familiar …" Yu Shenfeng said with his eyes wide open.
"It's Master," Jing Wuhuan said.
Although he was very sure, he did not dare to go up and recognize him.
The strongest people they had seen in the divine territory were Elder Jin and Ming Wei.
However, Gu Bei's aura far surpassed theirs!
The limit of cultivation in the divine territory was the great perfection stage. The path to becoming a Saint was extremely difficult, and the path to the other shore was one in ten thousand.
So many Saints had not been able to break through easily. Gu Bei's step was like a leap in quality. He was like heaven and earth compared to the Saints in the divine territory!
Gu Bei landed on the floating island and looked at his two beloved disciples for a while. A gentle smile appeared on his face as he called out, "Wuhuan, Shenfeng."
At this time, Yu Shenfeng and Jing Wuhuan were finally sure that this person with unfathomable cultivation was their Master!
"Master!"
Yu Shenfeng was so excited that he felt like a pot of boiling water was about to overflow. He went straight to Gu Bei and knelt in front of him.
Jing Wuhuan was also very excited, but he still restrained himself. He quickly walked to Gu Bei and knelt down heavily.
"That's Saint Bei!"
"So it's Gu Bei …"
"Gu Bei has become so strong after training in the chaos?"
The others also understood the identity of this extraordinary middle-aged man. Their eyes were filled with shock.
"Get up," Gu Bei said with a smile as he supported Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng.
"Master, I've been thinking about you every day. I've been fortunate to have completed the task you've given me …"
After Yu Shenfeng got up, he started talking non-stop.
"Can you speak less?" Jing Wuhuan scolded coldly.
Yu Shenfeng said with an aggrieved expression, "I've only seen Master after so many years, how can I say less!"
Gu Bei knew his two disciples very well. He smiled and said, "It's okay, it's okay. Shen Feng has been nagging for a long time …"
At that moment, Kubei met eyes with someone in the crowd. It was Shi Xiaoqiao.
Shi Xiaoqiao's gentle eyes were filled with complex emotions. There was love, joy, confusion, confusion, and even a trace of resentment. It was as if all the conflicting emotions were contained in those beautiful eyes.
When she realized that Kubei was staring at her, she turned around and left the crowd, quickly walking to the other side.
Kubei's feet moved lightly, and he was already behind her, reaching out to hug Shi Xiaoqiao.
Just as he was about to embrace her, Shi Xiaoqiao suddenly turned around, and a scepter appeared in her hand!
Buzz!
The scepter trembled violently, and a portion of the power of the entire Divine Realm was mobilized by her.
"Silence!"
In the past, when Shi Xiaoqiao used the Silence Scepter's power, it was directed at the entire Divine Realm. But now, she was directing all the power toward Kubei alone!
Even though Kubei was very strong now, the power in his body was forcibly sealed by the Silence Scepter!
Boom!
Shi Xiaoqiao waved her arms, and a blow landed on Kubei's chest.
Her figure changed, leaving behind afterimages. Her speed was so fast that it was almost impossible to see clearly. The power contained in each of her attacks was extremely terrifying, and each of them was fatal!
"Eldest Senior Brother, she, she …" Yu Shenfeng was very anxious when he saw this scene.
"Don't worry about it," Jing Wuhuan said wisely.
Master's current cultivation was beyond their imagination. With Shi Xiaoqiao's strength, it would be difficult to shake him.
But Shi Xiaoqiao was indeed using all her strength. Although Jing Wuhuan said that, his eyes trembled when he heard the sounds of the attacks.
At this rate, even if Master didn't die, he would be crippled, right?
Luo Xiao and Jiu Sheng couldn't stand by and watch. Even if Kubei had wronged Shi Xiaoqiao, they couldn't let Shi Xiaoqiao kill him.
"Enough," Luo Xiao said.
Shi Xiaoqiao ignored him. If she didn't kill Kubei, she wouldn't be able to get rid of the hatred in her heart.
Luo Xiao and Jiu Sheng were about to step forward and stop her when Kubei, who had been beaten until he was rolling around, gave them a look.
Both of their faces froze.
It seemed that Kubei's strength was above their expectations. If Luo Xiao and Jiu Sheng were in Shi Xiaoqiao's place, they would probably die if they didn't put up any defenses. But Kubei seemed to be completely fine. How could his physical body be so strong?
Kubei let Shi Xiaoqiao beat him for a long time. Towards the end, the Silence Scepter's power dissipated, but he still didn't fight back.
It was only when Shi Xiaoqiao was completely exhausted that Gu Bei pulled her into his arms.
Shi Xiaoqiao buried her face in his chest and began to cry.
Kubei couldn't comfort her in front of so many people, so he said to Luo Xiao, "Brother Xiao, I'll leave for now."
Then, he waved his hand lightly and teleported away with Shi Xiaoqiao …
"Master is truly Master! Master's wife beat him up for so long, but he didn't get hurt at all! "Yu Shenfeng said proudly. This was enough for him to brag about for a while.
Four hours later, Kubei returned to the floating island in the center.
Shi Xiaoqiao followed behind him. Her emotions had calmed down, and her every move carried a trace of sweetness.
Not long after the Saints returned, Elder Jin also hurried over and learned about the situation in the Gui Cemetery from Fu Er.
As for the future of the divine realm, they still needed to discuss it in detail. At the very least, they needed to find a way to integrate it.
… …
… …
After Luo Zheng successfully fused with the Paramita token, the Jade Spirit remained in his inner world.
After Luo Nian formally became his disciple, Luo Zheng even opened up a world for them. Only Luo Nian and the Jade Spirit could enter that world at will, free from outside disturbances.
After leaving his inner world, Qiu Yinhe had been waiting in the courtyard for a long time.
When he was trapped on the other side, Qiu Yinhe and the others were also quite worried.
"Disciple met with danger in the other side and made Senior Qiu worry. I'm really sorry," Luo Zheng said to Qiu Yinhe with cupped hands.
Entering the hidden realm was completely his and Ling Shuang's idea on the spur of the moment. They had never discussed it with Qiu Yinhe, and now it seemed that it was indeed a bit rash.
Qiu Yinhe had more or less understood the situation through Concubine Yan. He only heard him say, "There are dangers everywhere in the other side, and you can only rely on yourself in many situations. Kid, you went to the hidden realm and returned safely. You really are blessed by the heavens!"
"Senior Qiu, you flatter me," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Qiu Yinhe rolled his eyes at Luo Zheng and reprimanded, "I'm not praising you. You were lucky this time. Otherwise, you would have died ten times over! When you enter the Desire Realm, if you have any movements, remember to listen to us elders. After all, we've been through it before! "
"Disciple will remember," Luo Zheng replied.
"I'm looking for you this time for another matter," Qiu Yinhe's expression deepened again.
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Someone called Chi Yi is looking for you," Qiu Yinhe said.

Chapter 2992
Li Lu
Chi Yi returned to the mother world, on one hand to escort Luo Zheng, on the other hand to find the old Jiuli subordinates.
In fact, Elder Jin did not deliberately assign a task to Chi Yi.
The Jiuli people had left the mother world for too long, and after experiencing the tribulation at the bottom of the chaos, they just wanted to live peacefully.
If he was willing to follow Ming Wei to Li Mountain, he could also live a peaceful life in the Nuwa Clan.
But Chi Yi did not do that. He went to the Seven Plains to search for the clues left behind by the Jiuli people.
Hard work pays off, he really found a clue.
Following that clue, he really found the survivors of the Jiuli people!
When Luo Zheng heard Qiu Yinhe mention Chi Yi, his expression changed slightly, "May I ask Senior Qiu, where is this person?"
Qiu Yinhe looked at Luo Zheng's anxious expression and smiled, "Follow me."
Then Luo Zheng stepped onto Qiu Yinhe's giant sword, flew to the Li Sword Sect, went around the back of Greater One Mountain, and landed at the foot of the north side of Greater One Mountain.
There was a Splendid Palace built here, which was used by Greater One Mountain to receive guests.
Luo Zheng hurriedly entered the Splendid Palace and saw more than ten people sitting in the palace, and Chi Yi was among them!
"Brother Chi Yi!"
"Brother Luo Zheng!"
After rushing into the mother world with Ming Wei, and being separated from Luo Zheng, Chi Yi was disheartened. He was pleasantly surprised to see Luo Zheng again.
Chi Yi originally did not know Luo Zheng's whereabouts, but after Luo Yan led the people of Li Mountain to search, he learned that Luo Zheng was in Greater One Heavenly Palace.
Greater One Heavenly Palace was the orthodox Human Race, if Luo Zheng could stand firm there, it would be a good choice.
After Chi Yi returned to the remnants of the Jiuli tribe, he reported this matter to Li Lu, but there was no good opportunity, so he did not go.
Until the series of events at the Temple of Heaven, the remnants of the Jiuli tribe made the decision to take a risk and go to Greater One Heavenly Palace.
"Brother Luo Zheng's cultivation has probably reached the Thirteenth Heavenly Layer in such a short time. I'm really ashamed," Chi Yi looked at him with a surprised expression.
When Luo Zheng entered the Mother World, he had just entered the Sea of True Meaning. Whether it was strength or cultivation, he was far inferior to Chi Yi. Now, he had surpassed Chi Yi by a lot.
"It's fate," Luo Zheng said modestly.
"Come, come and greet Chief!" Chi Yi pulled Luo Zheng to the rear.
Behind them, a tall and sturdy old man stood on the spot.
The old man's aura was restrained and his face was pale. He seemed to be seriously ill and was no longer as brave as he was in the past. However, his large eyes were shining brightly. Anyone who met his gaze would feel pressured.
"Chief?" Luo Zheng looked confused.
According to Luo Zheng's understanding, there was only one chief in the Jiuli tribe, and that was Chi You.
Chi Yi said, "The Jiuli tribe is a union of nine tribes. Besides the Great Chief, there are eight other chiefs. They are all brothers of the Great Chief. You should call him Third Grandpa."
Chi You was the head of the nine chiefs. The second in command was Li Ju. Today, the one who came with Chi Yi was the third in command, Li Lu.
Since Luo Zheng came here, Li Lu's eyes had been fixed on Luo Zheng.
After Chi You was defeated, there was no chance for him to make a comeback. The God Domain was just a place for his big brother to continue the bloodline of the Jiuli tribe.
When the chaos was destroyed, the God Domain would also be destroyed. The Jiuli tribe would disappear forever in the river of time.
Li Lu didn't expect that someone from the Jiuli tribe would return to the Mother World in the God Domain.
"Third Grandpa," Luo Zheng called.
Qiu Yinhe already knew Luo Zheng's background, and Chi Yi was not an outsider. Luo Zheng didn't plan to hide his identity in front of these people.
"Luo Shui was so young when she left. In the blink of an eye, her son is already so big." Li Lu's face was full of relief.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Mother also misses you in the God Domain."
"Let me introduce you. This is my grandson, Huo Ze. This is my granddaughter, Lan Qing. I wonder … have you met them before?" A man and a woman walked out from behind Li Lu.
The man was wearing a beast robe made of golden silk. His eyes were as sharp as knives. The woman was wearing a silk robe. She looked petite and cute. When she smiled, two sweet dimples appeared. She looked very approachable.
Li Lu introduced Lan Qing and Huo Ze as soon as he came up. In fact, there was a hidden meaning in his words.
Because of Chi Yi, the old tribes of the Jiuli tribe already knew of Luo Zheng's existence. They even knew that he was in the Heavenly Palace, but they never came.
At that time, Luo Zheng's strength was too weak. If he had outstanding talent, it would have been better for him to stay in the Heavenly Palace. After all, the Jiuli tribe was already so dilapidated.
But Huo Ze and the others' trip to the Hidden Domain made Li Lu unable to sit still.
Huo Ze told Li Lu that when he was exploring the Temple of Sky and the Hidden Domain, he met a physical body with the bloodline of the Jiuli tribe. It was said that this person was inextricably linked to the Heavenly Palace.
This clue was mixed with the news brought by Chi Yi. The result was that it pointed to Luo Zheng.
Li Lu took a huge risk to leave once. His purpose was to verify this.
Luo Zheng glanced at Lan Qing. At the same time, he lowered his voice and said, "Of course we have met. Not only have we met, but we have also gone through hardships together, right?"
"It's Brother Tianxing!"
Lan Qing had been secretly sizing up Luo Zheng. On one hand, she had never seen Luo Zheng's real face. On the other hand, there was something wrong with his voice. That "Tianxing's" voice was deeper.
Now that she heard Luo Zheng's voice, she was a hundred percent sure.
"I asked you to come and find me. I didn't expect it to be so soon." Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Everyone here is not an outsider. You don't have to call me Tianxing. My name is Luo Zheng!"
Huo Ze also stepped forward and bowed to Luo Zheng. "When we parted at the Hidden Domain, I thought that Brother Luo Zheng would never return. Huo Ze is also very happy to see that you have safely left the other side."
They were also very interested in what Luo Zheng encountered later. But those things involved Feng Ge and the pure ones. This was considered a secret of the Heavenly Palace. Luo Zheng did not say much.
To the Jiuli tribe, this meeting confirmed their guess. Tianxing was Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng came from the Divine Realm.
After returning to the mother world for so long, this was the first time Luo Zheng met his own tribe.
After some questioning, Luo Zheng also understood the current situation of the Jiuli tribe.
Among the nine tribe chiefs of the Jiuli tribe, only Li Lu and Li Wu were in charge. The other brothers were either dead or scattered.
The troublesome thing was that the You Xiong tribe had been secretly investigating the Jiuli tribe. As long as they found a trace of their bloodline, they would kill them on the spot. Therefore, every time the Jiuli tribe members went out, they had to take a huge risk.
After hearing what the You Xiong tribe did, Luo Zheng was also very angry. In comparison, he treated the You Xiong tribe too gently.

Chapter 2993
Promise
Luo Zheng was not surprised by Li Lu's request.
He came from the God Realm with a huge amount of God Crystals. These were resources that originally belonged to the Nine Li Tribe.
More importantly, Chi You had other instructions for Luo Zheng. Even though these instructions were given to 9527, the Nine Li Tribe had lost all hope.
The remnants of the Jiuli Tribe had almost lost all hope. The appearance of Luo Zheng brought them a new ray of hope.
Qiu Yinhe's eyes flashed slightly. His expression turned complicated.
In all fairness, the Great Yi Heaven Palace did not invest much in Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had climbed up the mountain step by step in the Heaven Palace. He had relied on his own efforts.
His arrival did not consume too much of the Heaven Palace's resources. Instead, he had brought many benefits to the Heaven Palace.
If Luo Zheng chose to leave, Qiu Yinhe had no reason to stop him. But before Luo Zheng could speak, he cupped his fists towards Li Lu and said, "Old Li, can you listen to me?"
Li Lu indifferently sized up Qiu Yinhe before saying, "Please speak."
Li Lu was once an indomitable figure in the Mother World. His status was equivalent to the Mountain Lord of the Seven Mountains of the Heaven Palace. He was not someone Qiu Yinhe could compare with.
But as time passed, the current Nine Li Tribe was left with these remnants. Their influence was negligible. And Li Lu's soul and fleshly body were heavily injured. He had yet to recover and was no longer as glorious as he was in the past.
"After Luo Zheng entered my Heaven Palace, he improved by leaps and bounds. I've heard him talk about reviving the Nine Li Tribe many times. He is very eager. As a descendant of the Nine Li Tribe, I also feel fortunate for the Nine Li Tribe. In the future, he will definitely become a figure who can command a region." Qiu Yinhe changed the topic, "Old Li should be clearer than me about the current situation of the Nine Li Tribe. It's fine if Luo Zheng returns to the Nine Li Tribe. But how will the Nine Li Tribe nurture Luo Zheng? Let's not talk about the future. If the Chaotic Origin Great World opens, does the Nine Li Tribe have the ticket to safely bring him into the Chaotic Origin Great World? "
The Nine Li Clan used to be such a great force. Even though it had fallen apart, it still couldn't be underestimated. There should be more than one Nine Li Clan remnants like Li Lu. Therefore, You Xiong Family had been chasing after the remnants of the Nine Li Clan.
Because of this, the remnants of Jiuli could only hide in the world. They were unable to expand or accumulate resources. No matter whether they were in the Nirvana Realm or in the world, they had to be careful.
Just talking about the Chaotic Origin Great World, it was hard for the Nine Li Tribes to participate in it openly.
Lan Qing and Huo Ze looked at each other silently. They were indeed worried about the tickets.
Being the outstanding talents of the younger generation of the Nine Li, it was not a problem for them to cross the 13 Heavens of the Colored Realm. But if they wanted to step into the Chaotic Origin Realm, it was useless to improve their soul. The Chaotic Origin Great World was a threshold they had to cross!
Facing the series of questions thrown out by Qiu Yinhe, that old face of Li Lu revealed a dim look.
Qiu Yinhe could not bear to see that. After all, Li Lu was a senior worthy of his respect. Now, he was just a tiger that had fallen from grace. He then said: "It is indeed not the right time for Luo Zheng to return to the Nine Li Clan. If Luo Zheng could take on the responsibility of the entire Nine Li Clan in the future, I would naturally not have any objections. Of course, when Luo Zheng entered the Heaven Palace, I've told him before that the Heaven Palace would not stop him if he wanted to leave …"
"As you said, it is not realistic for Zheng 'er to return to the Nine Li Clan. Furthermore, I, Li Lu, can't represent the entire Nine Li Clan. Luo Zheng can stay in the Heaven Palace on one condition." Li Lu's originally dim face suddenly revealed a cunning smile.
Qiu Yinhe said with a straight face: "Elder Li, please speak."
"Could I ask the Heaven Palace to take care of the few clansmen I brought this time and bring them into the Chaotic Origin Great World?" Li Lu chuckled.
Luo Zheng and Qiu Yinhe were stunned for a moment.
The two of them did not expect that Li Lu would have such a plan.
Before Qiu Yinhe could speak, Li Lu sighed, "Ai, we have no other choice now. Even if we could get the entrance ticket, it would be hard for us to enter the Chaotic Origin Great World. If we could borrow the name of the Heaven Palace to enter, that would be our fortune …"
Luo Zheng immediately said to Qiu Yinhe: "Senior Qiu, I hope that Senior Qiu can report to the Heaven Palace to allow my Nine Li clansmen to enter. The entrance ticket to the Chaotic Origin Great World is extremely precious. I will bear the cost of it!"
If the Heaven Palace could not get the entrance ticket, Luo Zheng intended to buy it from the Ear Mouse Clan. He believed that the Ear Mice who were willing to sell anything would not reject his request.
Qiu Yinhe only regained his senses after a while. He sighed in his heart that the older the ginger, the spicier it was. Li Lu knew that the remnant of the Nine Li Tribe could not nurture Luo Zheng. Hence, he did not intend to bring him back. He personally came to the Heaven Palace for two reasons. On one hand, it was to meet Luo Zheng. On the other hand, it was likely that he wanted to squeeze his clansmen into the Heaven Palace. Otherwise, there was no need for him to bring these juniors of the Nine Li Tribe!
Under the gaze of the crowd, Qiu Yinhe revealed a bitter smile: "Even though it is hard to get the entrance ticket to the Chaotic Origin Great World, this Qiu can still get five or six extra slots. There is no need for Zheng 'er to worry about it."
Hearing Qiu Yinhe's reply, Lan Qing, Huo Ze, and the other Nine Li clansmen revealed smiles. They did not expect that the Heaven Palace would agree to it so easily.
Following that, Li Lu explained the situation of the remnant of the Nine Li Tribe so that Luo Zheng could have a rough understanding of it.
The situation of the remnant of the Nine Li Tribe was worse than what Luo Zheng had imagined. The important inheritances of the tribe had almost been destroyed. After the defeat with the You Xiong Clan, some clansmen had even used some forbidden secret techniques to cleanse their bloodline in order to break free from the Nine Li Tribe. Those alien clans that had once submitted to the Nine Li Tribe had even turned against them.
"Actually, our Nine Li Tribe had already lost all hope. When Chi Yi tried his best to find us, I had once reprimanded him. The Divine Realm was set free by Big Brother with great difficulty. Why should he go through so much trouble to return? He shouldn't have sent you back to the Mother World, "Li Lu said in shame." But I didn't expect Luo Shui to have such an outstanding son. It's a pity that Third Grandfather has nothing and can't help you. "
Luo Zheng's performance in the Paramita Realm had been transmitted to Li Lu through Lan Qing and Huo Ze, igniting a strand of hope in Li Lu's heart. Now that he had confirmed Luo Zheng's identity, this flame of hope burned even more fiercely.
After Li Lu finished speaking, he cupped his hands and bade farewell to Qiu Yinhe. After he stood up, Chi Yi and the others also left with him.
Luo Zheng stood in the same place and clenched his fists tightly. In the Divine Realm, he had seen the statues of the Nine Tribal Chiefs. Every one of them was powerful and imposing. Looking at Li Lu's old figure, it was poles apart from the statues in the Divine Realm. They did not look like the same person at all.
The real Nine Li Tribe had actually fallen to such a state. He felt sad and suddenly shouted:
"Third Grandpa."
Li Lu and the others turned their heads and smiled at Luo Zheng.
"In your lifetime, I will make the Nine Li Tribe rise again," Luo Zheng said seriously.
Li Lu laughed and said: "Don't let the old man wait too long. I hope to see it in my lifetime!"