Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(new)
Vol.8

Chapter 3094
The power of the Paramita within the statue was not strong. It was not even one Shenjun, but it was enough to be regarded as a Paramita token.
"Senior, you can give the statue the power of the Paramita?" Luo Zheng asked.
King Ashoka nodded and held the statue in his hand again. He said, "The power of the Paramita was not given by me. It was given by my hand. This power came from outside the Chaos."
The power of the Paramita was a very special existence. However, no one would have thought that this power did not come from the Chaos itself, but from outside the Chaos.
As King Ashoka waved his hand, the power of the Paramita grew stronger and stronger. Gradually, it broke through one Shenjun …
The Spirit of Green Jade stared at the statue and asked, "If the power of the Paramita came from outside the Chaos, then is there an exit from the Paramita that leads to outside the Chaos?"
King Ashoka shook his head and said, "I'm not sure. However, it's very possible that some secrets are hidden in the deepest part of the Thirty-Third Heaven. Even when we humans were at our peak, we did not come into contact with this level …"
When the power of the Paramita reached 30 Shenjun, it finally stopped. King Ashoka continued, "The power of the Paramita that I obtained from the World of Xuanliang is only 30 Shenjun now. However, I have found the mystery within the World of Xuanliang. My disciples and I have finally broken through.
However, we still need some time. "
"Is it very difficult to find it outside the Chaos?" Luo Zheng asked.
King Ashoka nodded and said, "It is indeed very difficult. We are creatures born in the Chaos. We are not suitable to enter that world. I'm afraid the only one that is suitable for that world is the First Ksana Civilization."
In the World of Xuanliang, time and space did not exist.
It was said that the Ksana Civilization only existed in an instant. Time and space were also meaningless to them.
Luo Zheng remembered that the Spirit of Green Jade had told him about the characteristics of the Ksana Civilization. Now that he thought about it, he realized that there was a great connection between the two. Luo Zheng blurted out, "Then, could the Ksana Civilization have come from the World of Xuanliang?"
King Ashoka laughed and said, "It's not 'could' or 'could'. They should belong to the World of Xuanliang."
The complexity of the Chaos was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
It was almost impossible to completely unravel the mysteries within.
However, King Ashoka had already told Luo Zheng enough …
"Senior, what do you need me to do?" Luo Zheng asked.
When he was exiled to this space, his first goal was to return as soon as possible. He didn't expect to encounter such an opportunity in this space.
Since he was already here, Duke Ashoka would definitely have something to entrust him with.
Duke Ashoka stared at Luo Zheng and said, "If you want to return, you must fulfill one condition."
"What conditions?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Cultivate the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction first. When you return to the chaos, I need you to find the Nirvana Human Tribe," King Ashoka said.
Duke Ashoka had waited for so long, only to see a Luo Zheng. How could he let him go so easily?
Although he was the absolute ruler of this space, to the point where even the Primal Chaos Primordial God who controlled the Truth of Space couldn't do anything to him, or even spy on him, King Ashoka himself couldn't leave!
He wanted Luo Zheng to cultivate the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction. Only then would Luo Zheng be able to freely enter and leave this space.
"Find the Nirvana Human Tribe …" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of confusion. "Where should I go to find them?"
King Ashoka said with a deep expression, "That will depend on you. The birth of the Human Tribe in this round of the Chaos is not a coincidence. Your birth means that the Nirvana Human Tribe has already begun to move."
After saying this, King Ashoka turned and gently stretched out his hand.
Piece after piece of gold fell down.
These gold bricks quickly formed a tall wall that surrounded Luo Zheng.
Every golden brick had a word on it, and the entire wall made of golden bricks just happened to present the "True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction"!
"When you completely comprehend the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction, I will send you back," King Ashoka's voice came from outside the wall.
The golden wall isolated 9527 and the Green Jade Spirit outside.
Although Luo Zheng could teach them the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction after he cultivated it, King Ashoka loathed the Other Races. It was already very good that he could restrain himself from killing these two. Naturally, he wouldn't allow them to directly observe the True Meaning of Dao.
"I still don't know if I'm compatible …" Luo Zheng muttered from inside the wall.
"If you can't do it in one year, then use ten years. If you can't do it in ten years, then use a hundred years. I can give you enough time to comprehend it. Even those who have no compatibility will eventually succeed," King Ashoka's voice came from outside again.
Luo Zheng pursed his lips, his gaze falling on the words on the wall.
It seemed that King Ashoka wasn't going to let him out until he cultivated the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction.
Fortunately, King Ashoka could control the time in this space. At least, time wasn't pressing for Luo Zheng!
Just like that, the Green Jade Spirit and 9527 waited outside, the two quietly communicating.
"Since you've cultivated the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction, you can bear the Nirvana token in this space. If King Ashoka bestows upon yourself the power of the Nirvana Realm, wouldn't you be able to descend into the Chaos?" 9527 communicated through consciousness.
"That's possible. But King Ashoka is such a proud human. How could he become a Nirvana token for others?" The Green Jade Spirit shook its head slightly.
Even the living creatures in the Nirvana Realm would become a Nirvana token and view it as a disgrace. A powerful being like King Ashoka naturally wouldn't be willing. Perhaps King Ashoka himself was also thinking of ways to surpass the Truth and try to return to the Chaos.
"That's true …" 9527 nodded.
These two Children of Truth had almost never interacted before. Although 9527 was a fragment of a soul, it represented a genuine Primordial God of Chaos. Although the Green Jade Spirit was a past Primordial God of Chaos, it represented a civilization in the Nirvana Realm.
Although both of their goals were the End and there was no fundamental conflict, they were still wary of each other.
This time, the two of them actually closed the distance between them.
King Ashoka brought his two disciples back to the other side of the palace.
"Master, even with my outstanding talent and comprehension ability, it took me a year and a half to completely master the true intent of Three Spirits Creation. This kid will probably need several decades to completely comprehend it, right?" The handsome man said with a proud look.

Chapter 3095
When the seductive woman heard her senior brother's words, she sneered. "Senior brother, you claim to be the most talented. Le 'er only took one and a half years!"
The handsome man's face was filled with dissatisfaction. Although time didn't mean much in this space, he didn't want to lose to his Junior Sister. "Your compatibility is only better than mine. If we had the same compatibility, you would definitely be inferior to me …"
While the siblings were arguing, King Ashoka said, "Alright, I also need to cultivate in seclusion for this period of time. When he has comprehended the true meaning of the Three Spirits Construction, inform me immediately."
"But Master … when will you bring us to the Xuanliang World?" the handsome man suddenly asked.
The siblings were left in this space and could not travel with their senior brothers. Naturally, they were depressed.
King Ashoka asked in return, "Have you deciphered the Sanskrit I left for you?"
Faced with their master's question, the siblings stopped arguing.
There were certain rules in the Xuanliang World, and the rules were similar to Sanskrit.
Every light spot contained infinite combinations, and the form of expression was exactly the same as the rules in Sanskrit.
The Ksana civilization came from the Xuanliang World, so the Sanskrit they created was originally a similar language in the Xuanliang World.
King Ashoka was an expert at deciphering Sanskrit, and the other twelve disciples under him were also proficient in this field. It could be said that most of the rules in the Xuanliang World were derived from Sanskrit.
If the siblings wanted to enter the Xuanliang World, they would need to have a certain level of attainment in Sanskrit.
But from the looks of it now, they were still far from it.
After King Ashoka finished speaking, he entered the inner hall.
He made it sound easy in front of Luo Zheng, but in reality, he had encountered many difficulties himself.
In the Xuanliang World, he and his disciples found an object similar to a "mountain". Of course, this "mountain" was also formed by countless light spots.
The power of the Nirvana Realm came from that mountain.
If this was a normal world, they would have just dug through the mountain.
But all the rules in the Xuanliang World were different, and even the perception was different. King Ashoka and his disciples could only wander around the mountain's surface and could not enter the mountain's interior. They could only obtain a small amount of Paramita Power from a corner of the mountain …
To break through this mountain was not as simple as one or two days. King Ashoka's purpose in this seclusion was to comprehend the rules of the mountain.
The handsome man and seductive woman left the palace with resentment.
"The Sanskrit that Master came up with is too difficult. He didn't even give us any hints. It's impossible," the handsome man complained.
"Master said that Senior brother only to decipher those Sanskrit, but I don't believe him!" The seductive woman too.....
Those Sanskrit words were erected somewhere in the palace. Before Luo Zheng came, the brother and sister, in addition to managing the creatures in this space, had been studying those Sanskrit words. Their lives were very boring, so Luo Zheng's arrival immediately attracted their interest.
Rather than studying the Sanskrit, they might as well watch Luo Zheng practice the True Meaning of Dao …
After returning to the center of the palace, the two heard Luo Zheng's silent recitation coming from the Wall of True Meaning.
"Using objects to create the heavens, splitting the earth …"
The handsome man blinked, his expression turning serious. "He seems to have recited more than eight hundred words?"
"That's impossible. Senior brother, did you hear wrong?" The seductive woman also pricked up her ears to listen.
But as she listened, the seductive woman's expression changed a few times.
In the short time they left, Luo Zheng had already advanced to a thousand words!
The handsome man's talent was very high, but his compatibility was slightly weaker. However, he had only recited a thousand words on his first try. Luo Zheng wanted to tie his record in one breath?
Just like that, the two of them listened attentively. Luo Zheng spoke in a low voice, word by word.
In less than ten breaths of time, Luo Zheng had easily broken through a thousand words.
"Looks like this kid's comprehension is not inferior to senior brother's. It might even be higher." The seductive woman smiled. "I estimate that he will complete the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction within two years."
The handsome man rolled his eyes. "I don't think so!"
As Luo Zheng continued to recite, he went straight for two thousand words.
The seductive woman's expression turned ugly. She had always been proud that she was able to surpass her senior brother in terms of speed in cultivating the True Meaning of Dao. However, Luo Zheng was most likely going to surpass her. The limit of her first attempt at cultivating the True Meaning of Dao was two thousand words!
After the time it took to burn a stick of incense, Luo Zheng easily crossed the threshold of two thousand words.
Next was three thousand, four thousand, five thousand …
Luo Zheng's first attempt at cultivating the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction stopped at eight thousand words in one breath.
Sitting inside the Wall of True Meaning, Luo Zheng let out a long sigh of relief.
His compatibility with the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate was one hundred percent. He had comprehended the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate with a single thought.
However, his compatibility with the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction was not bad either. He had actually reached eight thousand words in one breath. It was much easier than cultivating the True Meaning of Good and Evil or the True Meaning of Nature.
However, Luo Zheng was not complacent at all.
After all, the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction was the complete version of the True Meaning of Dao. The first ten thousand words were not too difficult for him. The difficult part was the final part, which was similar to the True Meaning of Dao.
As for the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate, even Luo Zheng would have a hard time comprehending it.
However, the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction was indeed very powerful.
The soul level of those three energies was extremely high. When those little monsters and the Twin-Headed Flying Snake used them, they were already terrifyingly powerful. If those three energies were combined, the power would probably be even stronger …
King Ashoka had said that the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction was his own creation. However, Luo Zheng still had doubts in his heart. He felt that this True Meaning of Dao should have been obtained from the Xuanliang World and not created by King Ashoka himself.
As Luo Zheng recited, he pondered. Naturally, he did not know that the pair of siblings outside had already sunk into a daze.
On the first day, he had already recited eight thousand words and comprehended sixty percent of the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction. Was this guy really from the Primal Chaos?
Just as Honored Master had said, weren't those who existed in the Primal Chaos a bunch of trash?
Of course, King Ashoka would not look down on the geniuses of the Primal Chaos. The elites selected from his internal world naturally could not be compared to the Primal Chaos. However, for the sake of these disciples' confidence, he would naturally belittle the creatures of the Primal Chaos.
However, Luo Zheng's appearance had exposed Honored Master's white lie in one fell swoop, causing the siblings' confidence to hit rock bottom!
If not for Honored Master's orders, they would have grabbed Honored Master and interrogated him …
On the second day, Luo Zheng had comprehended over nine thousand nine hundred words of the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction.
On the third day, he broke through ten thousand words.

Chapter 3096
In the Heavenly Palace, Luo Zheng didn't spend much time on the True Comprehension Chapter, so his comprehension speed wasn't fast.
Now that he couldn't leave this place without fully comprehending the True Meaning of the Three Spirits Construction, Luo Zheng calmed down. Even if he had to chew on it, he had to chew on it.
Seven days …
Twenty-one days …
Without rest or sleep for twenty-four hours, Luo Zheng wholeheartedly poured his heart and soul into it.
One and a half months later, Luo Zheng could already read more than twelve thousand words fluently.
During this time, the handsome man and the seductive woman came to take a look from time to time. They were already numb to Luo Zheng's speed.
The two self-proclaimed geniuses also spent one and a half years and two years to distinguish.
In one and a half months, Luo Zheng had already comprehended ninety percent of it.
The True Meaning of the Three Spirits Construction was fourteen thousand words. According to this progress, it wouldn't take more than three months!
In the end, the speed at which Luo Zheng comprehended the True Meaning of Dao was still faster than the two had expected.
On the morning of the eighty-third day, Luo Zheng had already read the last word.
Then his hands gently intertwined, and a red ray of light quietly rose. With a light flick of his fingertips, another blue ray of light was also entangled in it. As he flipped his palm, another yellow ray of light appeared.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The three rays of light intertwined and turned into a mass of black energy.
When Luo Zheng completely released this energy, the golden wall surrounding Luo Zheng collapsed with a loud bang.
The golden words engraved on the wall also shattered one by one.
"The principle of the True Meaning of the Three Spirits Construction is the same as the Chaos Qi. It can directly create things out of nothing …"
"But the Chaos Qi in the Chaos Qi, ordinary people can't use it to create things. At most, they can create things out of nothing in their own Inner World …"
"But this True Meaning of Dao transcends this restriction!"
"Done!"
The surface of the black energy body constantly changed, turning into a pillar. The black pillar's surface condensed a bit of wave-like energy. This energy further solidified and turned into a dragon circling the pillar.
"Hua …"
The dragon and the pillar eventually turned into a golden color. Luo Zheng had actually created a Coiling Dragon Staff out of thin air!
He grabbed the Coiling Dragon Staff and waved it around. The staff wasn't very strong, but as Luo Zheng poured more energy into it, it would only become stronger.
9527 and the Green Jade Spirit waited outside for a long time. The collapse of the golden wall meant that Luo Zheng had mastered the Trueness of Three Spirits Construction. Both of them smiled.
"In two to half a month, you have mastered it. Congratulations!" 9527 said.
The True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction was used purely through energy, and its power was extremely strong. It would naturally be a great help to Luo Zheng. The key was that when Luo Zheng used this True Meaning of Dao, he could return to this space!
The handsome man and the seductive woman also rushed over.
They had already expected that Luo Zheng would be able to cultivate it to perfection soon, but when they saw Luo Zheng forge the golden Coiling Dragon Staff with "Three Spirits" with their own eyes, they were once again dumbfounded.
Luo Zheng noticed the expressions on their faces and asked curiously, "Why do you two have such expressions?"
"You, you, you can create things out of thin air?" The handsome man pointed at the Coiling Dragon Staff in Luo Zheng's hand and asked.
Luo Zheng gently swung the Coiling Dragon Staff, and the tri-colored energy climbed up the body of the Coiling Dragon Staff again. When it gathered at the end of the staff, it turned into a diamond-shaped spear tip. The tip of the spear flashed with a sharp edge. At the same time, he asked, "Since you have mastered the Trueness of Three Spirits Construction, why can't you create things out of thin air?"
"But, but …" The seductive woman stammered, "We have cultivated for many years, but we still can't!"
The handsome man stared at Luo Zheng as if he was looking at a monster, "I can, but …"
His talent was better than his junior sister's, but only by a little. He could barely use the method of creating things out of thin air, but the things he created were horrible to look at.
Therefore, they naturally found it hard to accept that Luo Zheng could create things out of thin air when he had just comprehended the Trueness of Three Spirits Construction.
After the two discovered Luo Zheng's strangeness, they hurriedly left. Although Duke Ashoka had not been in seclusion for long, he had previously instructed them to wait until Luo Zheng comprehended the Trueness of Dao to wake him up.
Seeing the two's neurotic reaction, Luo Zheng did not think much of it.
He reached out and gently squeezed, and the Coiling Dragon Staff split open from the middle.
"This ability of creating things out of thin air looks very powerful, but it doesn't seem strong enough. It won't be of much use in actual combat," the Spirit of Green Jade commented from the side.
9527 also nodded in agreement, "It looks like it's just an empty shell without substance."
Luo Zheng thought for a moment, then said, "That doesn't seem right … According to the Trueness of Three Spirits Construction, these three abilities actually represent the origin of matter. As long as you give enough energy, you can create something that is exactly the same. It's just that the energy requirement will be very large, and the time it will take to do so will be extremely long."
Logically speaking, since Duke Ashoka had grasped the Trueness of Dao for such a long time, he should have a corresponding ability. However, Duke Ashoka had no intention of bestowing any ability upon him, so Luo Zheng did not ask for it. If he had time, he could figure it out himself.
Duke Ashoka had been in seclusion for less than three months, but he was already awakened by his two disciples. He was puzzled and somewhat angry.
But after his two disciples' report, Duke Ashoka learned that Luo Zheng had already comprehended the complete Trueness of Three Spirits Construction.
"To be precise, it only took him two months and twenty-three days," the handsome man transmitted to Duke Ashoka, "and that kid has only just comprehended it, but he can already perform Void Creation …"
While in seclusion, Duke Ashoka heard his disciple's words, and a strange look appeared in his eyes.
Luo Zheng was the first human to enter this space in countless years. In Duke Ashoka's eyes, Luo Zheng was nothing more than a mouthpiece to the outside world. Thus, he hoped that he could entrust Luo Zheng to search for the Nirvana Realm humans and spread the news of this place.
As for Luo Zheng's talent, Duke Ashoka did not think much of it.
Duke Ashoka's expression changed, and he led his disciples straight to Luo Zheng.
While Luo Zheng was still discussing the use of the Trueness of Three Spirits Construction with 9527 and the Jade Spirit, Duke Ashoka arrived.
"Greetings, senior," Luo Zheng greeted respectfully.
Duke Ashoka stared at the broken Coiling Dragon Staff, then said, "Perform Void Creation again!"
Luo Zheng nodded lightly. With a wave of his hand, three different colors of energy converged once more. This energy converged into a pitch-black luster, and a longsword flashing with silver light appeared in Luo Zheng's hand.
Duke Ashoka stared at the longsword, and the surprise in his eyes grew more and more intense. He said, "There are three stages to Void Creation. The first stage is to 'see the form'. In other words, there is only the appearance, but only the form."

Chapter 3097
"The second stage is' becoming one with the outside, '" King Ashoka said as he grabbed at Luo Zheng's hand, and the sword flew into his hand.
A steady stream of three-colored energy flowed into King Ashoka's hand, and the sword's edge became sharper and sharper. King Ashoka had endowed the sword with its inner self in a short period of time.
"Whoosh!"
King Ashoka then tossed the sword back to Luo Zheng and asked, "Take a look."
Luo Zheng pointed at the sword and examined it for a while, a strange look in his eyes. "This sword is equivalent to a third-rate Mystique Venerable Dao Treasure!"
King Ashoka did not understand the classification of weapons in this round of chaos, but he was confident in the weapon he created.
He nodded and said, "When I first comprehended the True Meaning of Three Spirits Creation, it took me several units of time before I gradually reached the stage of 'seeing its form.' You can achieve 'becoming one with the outside' right after you comprehended it. You are indeed a genius. Do you have a master?"
Hearing this, the Jade Spirit and 9527 looked at each other quietly. It seemed that King Ashoka had the intention of taking in a disciple.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "I already have a master."
Luo Zheng had already taken in a master in the Greater Thousand World. He had another mission when he went to the Mother World from the Divine Realm, and that was to find out about Gu Bei's whereabouts.
But to this day, Luo Zheng had not been able to find Gu Bei.
Ever since he had taken in a master, Luo Zheng had never really seen his master. He was a weirdo.
King Ashoka was a person who placed great importance on family ties. When he heard that Luo Zheng had taken in a master, he was slightly disappointed. "Well, you and I are both humans. Besides, it is also difficult to find a human from the Nirvana Realm. I, King Ashoka, have faced many disasters in my life. I was once a Heavenly King, but my disciples and grand-disciples advanced with that round of chaos.
They passed away, and the fourteen chosen from the Inner World could not inherit my legacy … "
The delicate-looking man and the seductive woman looked at each other. Both of them had embarrassed expressions on their faces.
"The third stage of Void Creation is' becoming one with a thought '. Even if you do not know the principles of certain substances, you can become one with a thought. Moreover, the inside and outside will be one with the fake," King Ashoka continued after a sigh. "You can even create someone who looks exactly like you …"
"Complete with a single thought …"
Luo Zheng couldn't imagine what realm this ability was.
Even the most powerful civilizations in the depths of the Nirvana Realm could not do it, let alone the ancient gods of Chaos who had mastered the truth.
This wasn't a truth-level divine ability, it was an unreasonable divine ability.
Unless he turned the entire Chaos into his own inner world, it was impossible to do so.
Luo Zheng was certain that even Duke Ashoka couldn't do it …
Luo Zheng had previously felt that the Three Spirits Construction True Intent was on the same level as the complete version of the Eternal Sword Fate True Intent. But if it was really cultivated to this level, its value would probably far surpass other True Intents of Dao!
"If you can't reach this stage of 'Void Creation', then it's not really that impressive. After all these years, I've only reached the second stage," Duke Ashoka continued.
Luo Zheng also agreed with Prince Ashoka's point of view.
Creating things out of thin air didn't mean much in actual combat.
"But we can do the exact opposite of this divine ability!"
As he spoke, Duke Ashoka reached out and grabbed the treasured sword he'd returned to Luo Zheng. But with a light flick of his hand, the sword's surface was riddled with holes, transforming into balls of black energy. In the end, they transformed into red, yellow, and blue energies.
"Huh?" Luo Zheng's interest was piqued when he saw this.
Since the True Intent of Three Spirits Construction could create things out of thin air, it could naturally shatter things out of thin air as well, restoring them to their original essence.
"This divine ability can only restore things created with the True Intent of Three Spirits Construction?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Duke Ashoka chuckled. "Of course not."
He lightly stomped his foot on the ground, causing a green brick to spiral into the air. "This green brick was inserted into this space by those Scions of Truth. Take a look."
King Ashoka's hand brushed against the green brick again. The green brick also shattered, turning into a handful of sand. The sand continued to revert back to its original state, eventually turning into a black and white aura. When the two auras reverted back to their original state, they turned into a cloud of brown gas.
How could Luo Zheng not recognize this gas? This was the aura of primal chaos.
"Do you want to learn this divine ability?" Duke Ashoka asked.
How could Luo Zheng let this opportunity slip by? He immediately cupped his hands towards Duke Ashoka and said, "Thank you, Senior, for your generous gift."
Duke Ashoka still had some reservations about Luo Zheng. Given his temperament, how could he completely trust a stranger he'd only met recently?
He was willing to pass on his ultimate technique to Luo Zheng because Luo Zheng was of the same race. On the other hand, after discovering Luo Zheng's talent, he cherished talent. As for not being able to accept Luo Zheng as his disciple, he was naturally somewhat regretful.
Luo Zheng wasn't in a hurry to return to his Origin World. In any case, he had plenty of time.
The divine ability Duke Ashoka imparted to him was called the Infinite Splitting Technique. As long as he came into contact with an object, he could revert it to its original state.
The sturdier the object, the easier it was to revert it.
At the beginning of his cultivation, Luo Zheng attempted to retrieve some objects from his internal world, such as water, wood, and paper. This Infinite Splitting Technique seemed simple, but reverting an object back to its original state was rather taxing.
After about three months, Luo Zheng finally made some progress.
A year later, Luo Zheng could revert to a sturdier boulder.
A year and a half later, he could revert to a metallic object …
Time passed bit by bit.
Unknowingly, Luo Zheng had already been in this space for more than three years.
In three years, he had already grasped eighty percent of the Infinite Splitting Technique. This was completely beyond Duke Ashoka's expectations.
Even in the 77th Human Race civilization, Luo Zheng's comprehension ability was one of the best.
In view of the speed at which Luo Zheng cultivated the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction, Duke Ashoka wasn't too surprised. After all, in his previous era, Duke Ashoka had seen all sorts of extraordinary geniuses. After all, he was one of the experts who followed the Human Ancestor.
In the Void …
Duke Ashoka, the handsome man, the seductive woman, and Luo Zheng were all standing there.
Small monsters were crawling around the ruins.
These little monsters obeyed the commands of the handsome man and the seductive woman, but they instinctively worshipped Duke Ashoka. After all, it was Duke Ashoka who had created them.
"Since you've been deleted into this space, I'll send you back here. Please remember my instructions," Duke Ashoka said seriously.
Luo Zheng nodded respectfully. "This junior dares not neglect Senior's instructions."
Although he and Duke Ashoka weren't master and disciple, after three years of interaction, they had developed a master-disciple relationship.
Even the handsome man and the seductive woman, who spent day and night with him, revealed a trace of reluctance on their faces.

Chapter 3098
Counting from the time Luo Zheng left, he had stayed in that void for three and a half years.
But King Ashoka had absolute control over that space. He could find any time point to bring Luo Zheng back.
Chaotic Origin Great World …
Pieces of spatial fragments flickered with light as they revolved around the 'Mountain'.
These spatial fragments were only the size of a palm. They were extraordinarily sharp and indestructible. They were hard to defend against!
But Evil Deities and the 'Mountain' were the same. They could freely teleport within the range of this world.
Previously, the 'Mountain' had launched several rounds of attacks which were easily dodged by Evil Deities …
And after dodging, Evil Deities turned around and launched a sneak attack on the 'Mountain'!
These spatial fragments revolved around the 'Mountain'. It was also a form of self-protection for the 'Mountain'.
"Give up. I've taken a fancy to your ability. Once your ability is mine, your will will follow me!" The Evil God's figure flickered in the sky, and his voice came from all directions.
"You don't have the qualifications." The 'Mountain' suppressed his anger and said.
"I'll have the qualifications after killing you!"
This sentence was transmitted to the 'Mountain's' ears. The 'Evil Deities' had already ignored those spatial fragments and teleported to the side of the 'Mountain'!
"Pa! Pa! Pa! "
Spatial fragments were constantly striking the body of the 'Evil Deities'.
If it were an ordinary Paramita Realm expert, he would have been turned into a sieve under the bombardment of these spatial fragments.
But the 'Evil Deities' fleshy body was reinforced by the Star Gold Body. Those fragments were like glass fragments. They could only leave a wound of two to three inches long on the surface of his body that was flickering with golden light.
"Zi zi …"
The wound wriggled and healed in the blink of an eye. This was the bloodline ability of the Pangli Race. As long as the Dantian and soul were not damaged, the fleshy body could be healed in the blink of an eye. As long as the soul and Dantian were protected, one could be said to be undying.
Under the reinforcement of many bloodlines, the 'Evil Deities' withstood the bombardment of the spatial fragments. He spread out his hands and slapped towards the 'Mountain'.
"Shua!"
The energy beam formed by Wah's Shadow enveloped the 'Mountain'!
The battle between Mountain and Evil Deities was being watched by the other superpowers.
The Evil Deities belonged to the Black Ship, and they didn't get along well with anyone else. The Mountain belonged to the Divine Farmer Clan, but the people of Shennong, the Golden Crow, You Xiong, and Min Yue had all been blown away by the wind, and now they didn't have any helpers.
Luo Yan led the disciples of Mount Li to hide at the side and watched coldly.
"Sister Yan 'er, which side should we help?" Ling Yun asked from the side.
Luo Yan had a complicated expression on her face. Mountain had exiled her brother. From an emotional point of view, she naturally wanted to kill Mountain as soon as possible. Now that Mountain was at a disadvantage, she wanted to see this scene.
But Shan's opponent was Evil Deities!
From the first time he saw this person, Luo Yan could feel his strong destructive tendencies. Luo Yan was very curious. Why would such a freak be born in his brother's Inner World?
Mountain could still delay Evil Deities to a certain extent, but once Evil Deities killed Mountain, his target would be everyone else.
Ling Yun also saw this point, so she asked for Luo Yan's opinion. In fact, Ling Yun's subtext was that she wanted to help Mountain. From the overall situation, this was the right way to do it.
The Taiyi Heavenly Palace was also in a dilemma.
At the beginning, the purpose of the Taiyi Heavenly Palace and Mount Li was to force Mountain to hand over Luo Zheng.
But Mountain firmly said that Luo Zheng had been deleted and could not be handed back.
How could the forces represented by Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, and Luo Yan give up?
It was not easy to limit Mountain's power, but halfway through, Evil Deities appeared. It seemed that this guy wanted to kill everyone, and the situation became inexplicably complicated.
"I'm thinking about whether to remove the abacus …" Chou Xinghe murmured.
"Why should we remove it? Luo Zheng is still in his hands! "Feng Ge said with a sinister expression.
Ling Shuang blinked her eyes and said: "If he dies, the last strand of hope would be destroyed."
Ling Shuang still stubbornly believed that Mountain was lying. After all, those who were proficient in spatial sacred techniques naturally had ways to take them back.
But Mountain was not lying.
Even if the true Primal Chaos Ancient God behind Mountain acted, he could not bring Luo Zheng back from that space. This Primal Chaos Ancient God had already lost control of that space.
"Ci la, ci la …"
Mountain's fleshy body was extremely tough. Among everyone in the Chaotic Origin Great World, the toughness of his fleshy body was second only to Luo Zheng who had activated the Sealing Stone Solution.
But Wa's Shadow was an energy body, and it had an extremely corrosive power.
A tentacle brushed past the surface of Shan's body, leaving a deep bloody groove on his bronze skin.
After being corroded by Wa's Shadow for more than ten times, Mountain's body was covered in wounds. It looked terrible.
"Do you intend to die in my hands just like that?" Evil Deities squinted his eyes and laughed.
Evil Deities was an extremely intelligent person. He could almost guess everything that he could foresee.
Within this space, Mountain could freely teleport.
As long as he wanted to, he could easily teleport out of the area covered by Evil Deities' world. And the moment Evil Deities left this world, all the bloodline sacred techniques he borrowed from others would lose their effectiveness.
Evil Deities was clear that Mountain was very observant. It was easy for him to make such a judgment.
But this fella still chose to fight with him in this world. He must have some ulterior motives.
Hence, Evil Deities was constantly on guard against Mountain's attacks.
Especially now when Mountain could clearly use Greater Teleportation to escape. Why did he have to endure the attack of his Wa's Shadow?
"With just you, you can't kill me. But I can kill you." Mountain's eyes revealed a trace of profoundness. An absolute cube formed deep within his eyes.
The spatial fragments that were flying around like raindrops suddenly gained intelligence at this moment. They no longer launched futile attacks on Evil Deities. Instead, they arranged themselves neatly in the surroundings, enveloping Evil Deities and Mountain within.
"Your world can replicate the bloodline of everyone. But there seems to be some limitations. For instance, you can only replicate a portion of my bloodline." Mountain calmly said, "Only 30% to 40% of my bloodline. Hence, you can only use Spatial Teleportation. You can't use the other sacred techniques hidden in my bloodline."
Before Mountain could finish his words, Evil Deities' expression turned cold. He was about to use Greater Teleportation to escape.
But at this moment, Evil Deities' Mountain's bloodline sacred technique actually lost its effectiveness!
"This is a Transcendent Confinement." Mountain expressionlessly said: "The confinement energy in this space is much stronger than the Chaotic Origin Great World. You can't escape."

Chapter 3099
The Evil Deities were startled. With a thought, they attempted to move away.
Just like what Mountain said, the surrounding space did not move at all. It was as though the spatial laws had lost their effect.
"Die!"
A strand of killing intent leaked out from the eyes of the Evil Deities. They no longer dared to be careless as they attacked the Evil Deities with all their strength.
Countless energy beams formed by Wah's Shadows shot towards Mountain.
But before these energy beams touched Mountain, Mountain had already turned into an illusory figure and disappeared from the sight of the Evil Deities.
With Mountain's current strength, it was slightly difficult for him to execute the "Ultra Confinement". This confinement was much stronger than the one that imprisoned Luo Yan. But he needed sufficient time to execute it.
Hence, the reason why he peeled off the spatial fragments was to pave the way for the Ultra Confinement. It was not realistic to rely on those spatial fragments to kill the Evil Deities.
After receiving a round of attacks from the Evil Deities, Mountain finally had an opportunity.
"Weng …"
After the Evil Deities executed the spatial teleportation, they appeared on the other side. They were merely 30 meters away from the Evil Deities. They were still staring at the Evil Deities with an indifferent expression.
The expression of the Evil Deities who was imprisoned within the cube distorted. With a "hong", they punched out at Mountain.
"Hong!"
The strength of this punch was extremely terrifying.
But the punch of the Evil Deities was only halfway out when it landed on a piece of transparent wall.
The energy contained in Wa Ying's shadow was disordered as well. It generated strong energy swirls, bounced back by the wall and surged everywhere. Not a single stream of energy could escape from the cube. As the energy flowed in the cube, the outline of the cube was drawn …
The murderous glint in the eyes of the Evil Deities became brighter and brighter. They continued punching out. The destructive energy even tore through the surface of his body. Yet the cube remained unmoved.
Mountain watched calmly as the Evil Deities attacked. It was as though he was watching a performance that had nothing to do with him.
When the other races saw this, they let out a sigh of relief.
Their target was still the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. None of them were willing to face this Evil Deities who suddenly appeared.
It was good to imprison this monster …
Especially the Ear Mice and the Li Yuan Clansmen. They once again placed their attention on the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
"Do you think everything will be fine just because you've trapped me?" Evil Deities slowly retracted her ferocious aura.
A black light flickered in the depths of his eyes. Traces of black energy began to flow in the entire world. Four-legged black snakes began to form from the energy.
When the experts of the Liyuan Clan saw these four-legged black snakes, the corners of their eyes twitched.
These Liyuan clansmen had once survived the Evil Deities, but these four-legged black snakes had still left a huge shadow in their hearts!
Mountain raised his head and glanced at the four-horned black snakes. However, he shook his head and said, "Of course not. Only when you die will everything be considered to be fine."
"You can kill me?" Evil Deities narrowed his eyes.
"I can't kill you now," the Mountain said as he flicked the golden abacus with his hand. The abacus was easily flicked away by the Mountain, but it quickly returned to its original position. Before the golden abacus disappeared, the Mountain still couldn't use any Nirvana Power. He then said, "But he can."
Following that, Mountain lightly beckoned with his finger. Another spatial outline appeared by the side of Mountain. Within this spatial outline, a young man wielded a spear. He looked slightly dispirited, but his eyes remained sharp.
That was none other than Di An who was heavily injured by Luo Yan.
Di An was the number one expert amongst the younger generation of the You Xiong Clan. His strength could not be underestimated.
Even if they fought head-on, he should not be any weaker than Luo Yan.
But this person had an impatient temperament and was extremely complacent. During crucial moments, it would be hard for him to display his full strength.
Hence, he would suffer a huge loss if he was careless.
Currently, Evil Deities was trapped in the spatial seal and could not effectively dodge. And with the help of Mountain, how could Di An unleash his full strength?
"Chi!"
Di An spat out a mouthful of blood. He lightly raised his spear.
The image of a giant bear gradually appeared behind him.
"Weng …"
As he shook the spear, the power on the tip of the spear flowed like flames.
At a glance, Di An and the spear had completely merged into one. His body was the secondary part, and the spear was the main body!
When Di An assumed his stance, he said, "Jie Jie, Luo Zheng was taken away by Brother Mountain. I am very sorry. I heard that you were born in that boy's Inner World. If he is dead, you are still alive. It is really puzzling. But let me send you on your way! I … "
"Don't talk nonsense. Do it."
Mountain coldly shouted.
After dealing with Evil Deities, Mountain still had to face Greater One Heavenly Palace and Li Shan. Di An was very strong, but he did not have a brain. This nonsense was meaningless. Instead, it provoked the hatred of Greater One Heavenly Palace.
After being scolded by Mountain, Di An finally calmed down.
Small skulls appeared around the spear. These skulls let out a burst of strange laughter. Di An's body swelled up. His originally slender body had turned into a round fatty!
Evil Deities stood in the cube. The originally arrogant him finally revealed a trace of seriousness.
The black energy in the entire world was constantly giving birth to four-legged black snakes. These four-legged black snakes quickly gathered from all directions.
"Vengeful Spirit Spear!"
Di An held the spear in one hand and took a step forward. The spear suddenly shook towards Evil Deities.
The spear user was like a dragon. People who used spears as a weapon pursued a one-hit kill!
Di An's paramita token was the skull. This skull was called the Heavenly Fiend Bone. It had always been kept in the Heavenly Fiend Temple in the 13th Layer of Heaven.
The Heavenly Fiend Temple was an extremely powerful temple. It was unknown how many creatures had died in this temple.
All the creatures that died were absorbed by this Heavenly Fiend Bone.
In order to obtain this Heavenly Fiend Bone, the You Xiong Clan had paid a great price. In the end, this Heavenly Fiend Bone fell into Di An's hands.
Di An's attack had almost absorbed all the power in the Heavenly Fiend Bone. His body had reached the limit of what it could bear.
"Shua — —"
The moment Di An's spear tip cut through space, the countless skulls in the surging spear light let out a long wail.
At this moment, the four-legged black snakes that were constantly gathering also flew over. These four-legged black snakes turned into Evil Deities and stood in a line, blocking the spear light!
"Pop, pop, pop …"
How could these energy bodies resist Di An's spear light?
The moment the spear light pierced the surface of these "Evil Deities", the energy bodies of the Evil Deities exploded like rubber balls.
But the black energy that exploded did not disappear. They were like maggots in the bones, biting onto the spear light!

Chapter 3100
When this spear arrived in front of the Evil Deities, its power was negligible. It could not even pierce through the fleshy body of the Evil Deities.
Seeing this, Mountain frowned. He asked: "Can you still stab out a second time?"
Di An's originally swollen round body had disappeared. He returned to his original appearance. Furthermore, his face was filled with dispiritedness.
He was originally heavily injured. That stab had taken him all his strength. How could he possibly have the strength to stab out a second time?
"It should be my turn, right?"
The Evil Deities standing within the ultra-square prison gave a sinister grin. Those black energies once again turned into four-legged snakes that charged towards him.
These four-legged black snakes could not enter the ultra-square prison. They simply laid on the surface, tightly wrapping around this squarish space. At the same time, they opened their mouths and bit.
Seeing this, the corner of Di An's eyes twitched, "Can this fellow bite open this prison?"
"Maybe." Mountain replied.
"Then I should just slip away …"
Di An did not wish to die in the hands of the Evil Deities.
He had more than 200 Chaotic Origin Spirits in his hands. After fusing with the Chaotic Origin Spirits in the arrays, he would naturally be sent out of the Chaotic Origin Realm.
In reality, a small portion of the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals had already been sent out of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
But there were still a considerable number of clansmen who did not manage to gather enough Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals. They could only hope to get a share from the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
"Sou …"
Di An's figure floated. He had already charged towards an array.
Mountain looked at the fleeing Di An and shook his head helplessly. This guy was too useless.
But Shinno and You Xiong were merely allies. Mountain did not have the authority to stop the other party.
Comparatively, the difference between Mountain and Di An was like the difference between Heaven and Earth.
He was originally just a passerby in the Chaotic Origin Great World. He did not wish to become enemies with others.
Even if the Evil Deities were exceedingly brutal, it did not have much to do with him. But the Evil Deities had killed Mumu. That had touched his bottom line.
After everyone saw that the Evil Deities were temporarily sealed, they once again turned their attention to the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Making use of this opportunity, the group decided to kill off the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. As long as they could obtain enough Chaotic Origin Spirits, who would care about what the Evil Deities did?
Mountain's figure flashed and came to Great Yi Sky Palace and Li Shan.
"What are you thinking?" Feng Ge took a step forward, his face full of vigilance.
Luo Yan's eyes were as calm as water, staring at the tall man. She believed that her brother still had a chance to return to this world, as long as this mountain agreed.
Mountain ignored Feng Ge and said to Chou Xue, "Help me solve this."
At first, Chou Xingzhu was hesitant to help Mountain get rid of Abacus. After all, Mountain was probably the only one who could fight against Evil Deities.
"I can undo it, but you have to agree to my terms," Chou Xinghe said unhurriedly.
Mountain did not hesitate to say, "After I undo it, I will not act against any disciple of the Sky Palace or Li Shan. I will do what I say."
Given Mountain's personality, he would definitely do what he said.
Chou Xingzhu believed him.
But what he wanted was not this guarantee.
Before Chou Xingzhu could say anything, Lan Qing had already said, "If you can release Big Brother Luo Zheng, the grudge between us will be written off!"
"Right, release Luo Zheng," Ling Shuang added.
Mountain naturally understood why these people would make such a request. He frowned and said, "Everything else is fine, but Luo Zheng has truly disappeared from this world. I am unable to bring him back."
Such an answer made everyone's heart sink.
"Then is there any hope for Big Brother to return?" Luo Yan asked solemnly.
Mountain pondered for a moment before saying, "Perhaps there is. There might be an even stronger existence that can bring him back. I can help you make this request, but not now."
Even though Mountain was an avatar of a Primal Chaos Ancient God, it was ultimately not his true body.
He could not 'retrieve' it. But Mountain thought that his true body could. He did not know that even a Primal Chaos Ancient God could not do so.
Everyone revealed a trace of desolation. It seemed that Zi Shan was not lying.
Even if they could not understand Mountain's spatial sacred technique, they understood that Luo Zheng's exile was not as simple as it seemed …
"Ka, ka, ka …"
Those four-legged black snakes formed from energy gnawed on the ground, causing explosions to sound from above.
"If we do not undo this abacus, everyone would most likely fall into trouble, much less fight against that Chaotic Origin Spirit. I hope that all of you can understand the stakes involved." Mountain continued speaking with a sincere attitude.
During this period when everyone was fighting, more and more people were rushing over from the outer regions of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Not just the Great Yi Heaven Palace or Li Shan, they had not accumulated enough Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals. Especially the Great Yi Heaven Palace, a portion of them were still in the hands of Luo Zheng.
It was extremely important for them to get a share of the profits from the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Just as Chou Xue was hesitating, Mountain's Transcendent Confinement was finally bitten apart.
Even though this Transcendent Confinement was ingenious, the four-legged black snakes formed from Evil Deities were similarly valiant. They had completely relied on brute force to break apart the confinement. It was an exchange of pure energy.
Mountain continued staring at Chou Xue with a sincere gaze. He did not say a single word.
Chou Xue sighed softly. He then grabbed the golden abacus by the side of Mountain. At the same time, he said: "I hope that you can keep your promise and help us make this request …"
"I will." Mountain nodded.
"Also …" Chou Xue pointed to the sky, "Beat him up properly for me!"
"I will." Mountain revealed a grin.
Enemies and standpoints were always changing.
Once the situation changed, the standpoints between enemies and comrades would also be changing.
At the moment when Chou Xue plucked that golden abacus, his figure had already flown backwards. He transformed into a Great Peng. His vigorous energy had returned to his body. He was now emitting a calm and heavy aura.
After Evil Deities broke free from the Transcendent Confinement, they saw Mountain's aura increasing greatly. A strange glint flashed across their eyes. Replacing it was a blazing fighting spirit. They activated their bloodline energy and once again engaged in a fierce battle.
The two of them fought in the sky. They would disappear from time to time and converge at other times.
Chou Xue and Luo Yan brought their disciples and clansmen along to join the battle against the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
The speed of the Chaotic Origin Spirit had become much slower.
On the surface, it did not seem to be injured at all. But the tens of thousands of Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals within its body had been nearly depleted.
At least two-thirds of the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals were exhausted …

Chapter 3101
The addition of Li Shan and the Great Yi Heaven Palace naturally aroused the vigilance of the Li Yuan Clan and other great clans. But their addition would also increase the rate of consumption of the mother body.
But just as everyone was attacking with all their might, another strange sound came from the sky.
A figure fell from the sky and crashed onto the ground with a loud crash.
Everyone turned over and discovered that it was Mountain who fell down!
"Mountain was defeated so quickly?"
"Evil Deities are so strong?"
"…"
Evil Deities remained floating majestically in the sky. Waha's Shadow was gently floating around his back. His body was covered in wounds that were too horrible to look at. It seemed that he was heavily injured by Mountain.
But under the protection of several unique bloodlines, those wounds were recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye.
And Mountain's situation was much worse. His entire body was nearly sliced in half. He was looking at Evil Deities with an apathetic expression.
He did not expect that Evil Deities still had a trump card at this moment!
Evil Deities looked down at Mountain with satisfaction. His figure slowly floated down from the sky. At the same time, he said: "I am very satisfied with your bloodline. You should just obediently rest in my world …"
To Evil Deities, Mountain was the greatest obstacle.
The moment Mountain died in his world, he would permanently obtain Mountain's bloodline divine ability.
With the help of this divine ability, it would be much easier for him to kill the remaining experts.
"Oh no …"
Seeing this, Chou Xun had a bad premonition in his heart.
Even though the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was in imminent danger, Evil Deities would not give them the time to do so.
It was not just Chou Xun who was worried. The other superpowers and great clans were also feeling apprehensive. They had strengthened their attacks in hopes of destroying the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. But how could they make it in time?
At the moment when Evil Deities floated down, the space not far away suddenly fluctuated. A figure stumbled out from the spatial fluctuation.
At the moment when Luo Zheng charged out from this space, he looked around and revealed a strange expression.
Luo Zheng had spent several years in that space.
However, when King Ashoka found the spatial node and sent him back, the timing was still continuous. There should have been no more than half an incense stick's worth of time between the two.
The entire world had changed?
The brownish-yellow ground had already turned dark green, and the black fog lingering in the sky had turned white. The colors of the entire world had actually changed?
The dying Mountain was shocked when he saw Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng is back? How could this be?!
Even Mountain couldn't return from a deleted space …
Only the Primal Chaos Ancient God behind him was qualified to retrieve it!
"Brother …" Luo Yan called out, his face full of joy.
"Brother Luo Zheng!" Lan Qing couldn't help but call out.
Feng Ge's cold face faintly revealed a hint of joy.
Ling Shuang pursed her lips and did not say a word. However, it was obvious that she was very excited.
"This fella, heh, this fella …" Chou Xue didn't know what to say for a moment. It seemed like nothing could trap Luo Zheng. This fella could always turn misfortune into blessings at crucial moments.
Outside the Chaotic Origin Great World, Fuxi's body trembled when he saw Luo Zheng returning. His eyes were filled with disbelief.
He and Mountain understood the significance of deleting a space.
After being exiled, one could not return. This meant that Luo Zheng was completely lost in the destroyed space.
Fuxi's attitude towards Luo Zheng was very subtle.
On one hand, he was jealous of Luo Zheng being favored by the Primal Chaos Ancient God. On the other hand, he was happy to see Luo Zheng grow.
Deep in his heart, he felt that "Ji" had chosen the wrong person. Why should he place his hopes on Luo Zheng?
If Luo Zheng really disappeared because of this, it would mean that "Ji" was wrong. He had made an error in judgment!
Fuxi might sneak to the bottom of the Primal Chaos and tell "Ji" this fact.
But now, Luo Zheng had returned …
He had returned from that "Recycle Bin" unscathed.
Snow drifted and piled up around Fuxi. It did not even reach his knees. But he did not notice it. He only muttered to that enormous skeleton that existed in the distant space, "Your foresight is quite accurate …"
Evil Deities did not expect that Luo Zheng would rush out at this moment.
His figure paused slightly in midair. His eyes were filled with ridicule, "Heh, I thought you wouldn't be able to return!"
Luo Zheng noticed that the figure of Nuwa behind Evil Deities had three heads and six arms. His eyes flashed with a trace of astonishment, "Why do you have the bloodline abilities of Nuwa and Nine Li?"
"You don't need to know this. You just need to obediently submit to me." Evil Deities chuckled. His figure suddenly disappeared.
"Spatial teleportation?"
Luo Zheng was startled.
The reason he was exiled to that void was also because of Shan's ability.
Later on, Luo Zheng understood that Mountain was an avatar of a Primal Chaos Ancient God. The spatial divine ability he executed could naturally break through the shackles of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
But how did Evil Deities do it?
Luo Zheng's reaction was not slow. At the moment Evil Deities disappeared, his figure abruptly rushed forward. A piece of exquisite green feather appeared on his head.
"Shua!"
At the instant Luo Zheng flew up, the energy beam of Nuwa's Shadow shot out from his back. It swept past Luo Zheng's back.
"Luo Zheng! Be careful! He can utilize everyone's bloodline abilities! "Ling Shuang loudly reminded.
"Everyone's bloodline abilities … this …" Luo Zheng revealed an expression of disbelief.
He was clear that it was a terrifying thing when everyone's bloodline abilities were used together. Especially Mountain's bloodline.
Being able to use Greater Teleportation in battle was too advantageous!
Luo Zheng did not expect that he would fall into such a troublesome situation the moment he returned.
The Evil God's attack missed, and its body disappeared once again.
But at this moment, Mountain who was lying on the ground regained his strength. His figure similarly disappeared from where he stood. At the next moment, Mountain had teleported out of this black and white world.
At the instant Mountain teleported out of this world, Evil Deities, who had disappeared, suddenly rushed out from the void. He looked furiously at the distant Mountain. Mountain revealed a faint smile at him.
Only by killing Mountain in this world would the Evil God be able to permanently obtain his abilities.
Previously, Evil Deities' motive of killing Mumu was to infuriate Mountain so that Mountain would not escape out of this world. That way, his efforts would be in vain.
Previously, he had already gained the upper hand. He was only left with the final strike. Seeing how Mountain was on the verge of death, he should not be able to escape.
Evil Deities was still wary of Luo Zheng. He planned to ambush Luo Zheng without him knowing.
With the help of Spatial Teleportation, it was easy for him to succeed.
Who would have thought that Mountain would actually teleport himself out of this world in that state …

Chapter 3102
When Luo Zheng saw Evil Deities in such a sorry state, he did not understand what was going on. But Chou Xue's True Essence Voice Transmission cleared his doubts, "Brother Luo Zheng, he can borrow the bloodlines of everyone in this world. But the moment he leaves this world, the bloodline divine ability he borrowed will disappear!"
Thinking about how Mountain had teleported out of this world, Luo Zheng finally understood what was going on.
"What a pity. The moment I appeared, you lost a bloodline divine ability. Furthermore, it is the Truth Divine Ability of a Primal Chaos Ancient God." Luo Zheng said with a smile in his eyes.
The eyes of Evil Deities dilated slightly.
That fella called Mountain had the bloodline of a Primal Chaos Ancient God. No wonder …
Shen Tu had explained to Evil Deities about the many experts in this world.
Those few Primal Chaos Ancient Gods were the founders of the entire Primal Chaos. They were also the strongest existences!
No wonder his bloodline could easily break through the spatial shackles of the Chaotic Origin Great World. Thinking of how he missed out on such a bloodline divine ability, Evil Deities felt his heart bleeding.
"It is indeed a pity." Evil Deities instantly adjusted his state of mind, "You can use your life to make up for this regret!"
In the eyes of Evil Deities, Luo Zheng had countless secrets.
He was a lifeform born from Luo Zheng's inner world. If he could control his own master, it would be a wonderful thing.
"Hua …"
The Waha Shadow behind Evil Deities flashed with blood light. It had already charged towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's figure retreated rapidly. He floated up and down.
Even though Evil Deities could not teleport, his bloodline divine ability was still not easy to deal with!
In the blink of an eye, Evil Deities had already arrived in front of Luo Zheng. The blood red Waha Shadow swept towards Luo Zheng. But at this moment, Luo Zheng did not retreat. Instead, he weaved through the energy beams and circled behind Evil Deities in an unimaginable arc. At the same time, he pulled out his sword!
Although Luo Zheng's body movement was incredible, the Evil God's reaction was also very fast. With his three heads and six arms, he didn't even need to turn around. His two hands, which grew on both sides of his body, were already clenched into fists and bombarded Luo Zheng.
"Weng …"
At this moment, a red light flashed in Luo Zheng's eyes. A strand of Terror energy struck into the heart of Evil Deities.
Evil Deities' soul energy was extremely powerful. He could even resist the Terror energy of that giant eye for a bit.
But in Evil Deities' eyes, Luo Zheng was still the creator who created him. Deep in his heart, he still had a trace of innate reverence for Luo Zheng. This flash was actually effective. Evil Deities was momentarily dazed.
In that instant, Luo Zheng's sword had already slashed into Evil Deities' shoulder!
"Chi …"
When this sword slashed down, the power Luo Zheng used was not weak, but the sword edge actually only cut three inches in!
However, Evil Deities had several bloodline divine abilities to protect his body. Just the Li Yuan Clan's Golden Body was enough to create an indestructible body. What more, he had other bloodlines that could strengthen his body?
With so many bloodline divine abilities stacked together, his body was even stronger than Luo Zheng's!
"Ka, ka, ka!"
Evil Deities' three right arms reached out at the same time and grabbed Luo Zheng's sword.
Under the support of the Golden Body, his three right arms flickered with a metallic luster. When they grabbed onto the sword, a crisp sound of metal clashing could be heard!
"Kuang Kuang …"
As his three right arms exerted force, the sword actually broke into several pieces!
At the same time that he crushed Luo Zheng's sword, Evil Deities' other three arms reached out to grab Luo Zheng. How could Evil Deities let Luo Zheng escape so easily?
However, Luo Zheng's reaction was also very strange. Before his sword was broken by Evil Deities, he had already chosen to withdraw his hand and escape.
Under the support of that green feather, this seemingly simple escape actually contained an elegant and mysterious movement technique.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to pull away from Evil Deities, Evil Deities' three left arms abruptly opened!
Within each left arm, there was a rainbow-colored maelstrom. These three maelstrom immediately released a powerful suction force that actually pulled Luo Zheng into the maelstrom!
"It's the bloodline divine ability of the White Transcendent Clan!" Chou Xue was slightly startled.
"Oh no, Luo Zheng must not be sucked into it! He is originally one with Evil Deities. If he is sucked in, there will be no hindrance! "Ling Shuang anxiously said.
Lan Qing saw the change in expression of Ling Shuang and Chou Xue. She could not understand, "Big Sister Ling Shuang, this White Transcendent Clan isn't some big clan right? Their bloodline divine ability doesn't seem amazing …"
The White Transcendent Clan was a small clan that could not be any smaller. This time, when the Chaotic Origin Great World opened, the White Transcendent Clan only obtained a single entry slot.
But this White Transcendent Clan member's luck was not bad. He did not experience too many hardships before entering the core zone of the Chaotic Origin Great World. But because he was alone, he did not obtain a single Chaotic Origin Spirit. He could only obediently stay within the array.
This White Transcendent Clan member was still waiting for an opportunity. Once the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit collapsed, the entire situation would become chaotic. He might even be able to obtain a few hundred Chaotic Origin Spirits from the Primal Chaos.
The bloodline talent of the White Transcendent Clan was very unique. The entrance to their inner world was not located at the Dantian. Instead, it led directly to their palms. Furthermore, they could create a powerful suction force that could suck in external objects.
Whether it was mountains, rivers, trees or houses, they could all be sucked in. Some lifeforms with low intelligence could also be sucked in. At times, this bloodline talent of the White Transcendent Clan would produce miraculous effects. For instance, when the experts of the Origin World barged into the Celestial River, they loved to recruit the White Transcendent Clan members. The Celestial River was rich in a type of venomous Evil Mosquito. This Evil Mosquito was not only venomous, it was also hard to kill.
It could not be hurt.
But this Evil Mosquito did not have any intelligence. It moved based on its instincts. The White Transcendent Clan member just had to open a maelstrom before sucking it into his inner world.
Being the Creator of his inner world, he was omnipotent within his inner world. It was naturally easy for him to exterminate these Evil Mosquito.
But this bloodline talent of the White Transcendent Clan had a huge flaw. This flaw was related to the flaw of the inner world. Any lifeform with intelligence had to be willing to be sucked into the inner world.
Just like how Luo Zheng wanted to absorb 9527 into his inner world to observe, 9527 had to be willing before he could be pulled in.
If the other party had the slightest bit of resistance, the other party could not be pulled into the inner world.
This sacred technique of the White Transcendent Clan could only absorb those lifeforms with low intelligence or other inanimate lifeforms without intelligence. It was practically useless in actual combat. It was extremely weak!
But this time, the Evil Deities were different from Luo Zheng's situation.
Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities came from the same source. The two did not reject each other.
At the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World, Ling Shuang had once reminded Luo Zheng that the Evil Deities could become Luo Zheng's Dao Refinement Avatar. The reason was that the two did not reject each other. But the reverse was also true. If the Evil Deities were strong enough, they could easily refine Luo Zheng into a Dao Refinement Avatar!

Chapter 3103
But now, something even more subtle was happening …
The Evil Deities had borrowed the White Spirit Race's bloodline ability to suck Luo Zheng into their inner world. Because the two didn't repel each other, they didn't need Luo Zheng's permission to be sucked into his inner world!
In theory, the Evil Deities' inner world was also Luo Zheng's inner world. However, the Evil Deities' inner world had been blocked, and Luo Zheng couldn't sense it at all. He had lost control over it.
Once Luo Zheng was sucked into the Evil Deities' inner world, he would be at the mercy of the Evil Deities. It was even possible that the Evil Deities could refine him into a Dao Refinement Clone.
Ling Shuang ignored Lan Qing and sent a Quintessential Sound Transmission. "Luo Zheng, don't get sucked in! That's the entrance to his inner world! He's one with you. It'll be troublesome if he gets sucked in! "
Hearing Ling Shuang's warning, Luo Zheng was shocked. He immediately realized the severity of the problem.
Just as Luo Zheng hurriedly pulled away, a formless, transparent film of light silently enveloped Luo Zheng's back. This transparent film of light was like a fishing net, trapping Luo Zheng within!
"The Moon Spirit Race's bloodline ability!"
A few other Moon Spirits in the core region looked at this scene with astonishment in their eyes.
The bloodline abilities of these small races weren't very strong. Most of them were of little value. However, when the Evil Deities used them together, they were far more powerful than they were by themselves. It could be said that one plus one was greater than two!
Relying on that feather, Luo Zheng's movement technique could indeed reach an extremely profound level. However, this film of light was impenetrable, solid, and tough. Luo Zheng couldn't tear it apart with brute force. In addition, the Evil Deities' three left hands released a powerful gravitational force. He could only watch helplessly as he was pulled away.
He was dragged over.
"I'll go help Big Brother!"
Seeing this scene, Luo Yan finally could not sit still any longer. With a kick of her feet, she flew towards Luo Zheng.
Ling Shuang and Feng Ge did not hesitate either. Their bodies circled and leaped into the air.
Everyone knew that the Evil Deities were not to be trifled with. Previously, in the battle between the Evil Deities and the Mountain, all the clans were indifferent. However, now that it involved the safety of Luo Zheng, they naturally could not sit still …
However, just as they were about to join the battle, black snakes with four horns appeared in front of them and turned into black Evil Deities, blocking their way.
The clones of Evil Deities formed from energy bodies were not as terrifying as the Evil Deities, but they were still extremely difficult to deal with. If they could not be killed, they would reform again.
The three women had no choice but to deal with these clones first.
"Stop struggling" Evil Deities chuckled while releasing her attractive force: "You and I are originally one, if we can completely become one, the entire world will be ours!"
Luo Zheng stared indifferently at the Evil Deities in front of him, a cold glint in his eyes: "Do you really think that these little tricks can make me helpless?"
"Then let's see what other tricks you have up your sleeve" Evil Deities chuckled lightly.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. An indescribable aura emanated from his body, and he lightly brushed his hand against the light barrier.
"Infinite Splitting Technique!"
"Pop …"
Like a bubble, the light film burst in an instant.
The shattered light barrier turned into a clump of green energy that dripped downwards.
"That's the blood of the Moon Spirits …"
Strange expressions appeared on the faces of the Moon Spirits when they saw this.
The blood of the Moon Spirits was green. Their bloodline ability was not very powerful, but the characteristics of this light barrier made it extremely difficult to destroy.
Therefore, in the cave before, even the golden swords released by the Hive Banshees were unable to destroy this light barrier.
Luo Zheng only lightly brushed his hand, and the light barrier broke. Not only that, but the light barrier even reverted to its original energy essence, turning into the blood of the Moon Spirits. What kind of technique was this?
Evil Deities' reaction was also very strange. Seeing the light barrier break, the shadow of Nua behind him also turned into beams of energy, like octopus tentacles, and swept towards Luo Zheng from all directions.
There were not many opportunities to absorb Luo Zheng into his Inner World, and once he did, it would be done once and for all, so Evil Deities was not willing to give up.
Luo Zheng did not dodge the energy beams that were heading towards him. Instead, he gently waved his hands like a horsetail whisk, gently brushing the energy beams away.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
But all the energy beams that were brushed by Luo Zheng turned into a rain of red blood.
These bloodline abilities were all reverted to their original state!
Outside the Black and White World, Mountain had already healed that frightening wound on his abdomen. That attack from Evil Deities nearly destroyed his Inner World. It was indeed a fatal blow.
As he healed his injuries, he was also paying attention to the battle between Luo Zheng and Evil Deities.
When Mountain saw the technique Luo Zheng used, his eyes were filled with disbelief, 'Time reversal technique? That's not right … '
Mountain subconsciously shook his head.
Regardless of whether it was the light barrier of the Moon Spirit Clan or Nua's Shadow, they could only be executed by activating the bloodline ability. By reversing these energies to their original state, it would produce such an effect.
But in the Mother World, the Law of Time was the domain of Truth. It was extremely hard to shake and could not be used …
More importantly, the aura emitted by Luo Zheng had nothing to do with time. It was more like a True Meaning of Dao, a True Meaning of Dao that no one had ever seen before!
It was not just Mountain who was puzzled.
Outside the Chaotic Origin Great World, Fuxi also had a strange expression.
He felt that he could not see through Luo Zheng anymore …
'The True Meaning of Dao is known as the path to the Paramita World. Ever since the True Meaning of Strength Crusher Sacred Body was sealed, one of the 13 paths has been removed. Only 12 paths are left. The aura released by Luo Zheng is extremely similar to the aura of a True Meaning. Where did he cultivate a True Meaning of Dao? Or did I make an error in judgment? '
Fuxi had never seen such a strange thing before. He could not figure it out.
Previously, Luo Zheng did not possess such a technique. After being exiled by Mountain, he returned in less than half an incense's time. What exactly did he experience in this short period of time?
Fuxi was known as the Human Emperor. He was an existence second only to the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods.
But there were too many profound mysteries in the Primal Chaos. Even he had no way of knowing them …
Just as Fuxi was pondering, Luo Zheng had already flipped over. A blue light ray shot out from his hand towards Evil Deities!
Evil Deities did not expect Luo Zheng to use such a technique. Caught off guard, a circular wound as thick as a chopstick appeared on its chest!
That wound wriggled for a moment before it rapidly healed.
This energy beam that Luo Zheng shot out was sufficient to injure Evil Deities. But it could not harm its core.
But he did not expect the blue light ray to kill Evil Deities. Taking advantage of this opportunity, his figure drew a strange arc in the sky. He had already pulled a distance away from Evil Deities.

Chapter 3104
Evil Deities frowned. The black energy transformed into a pair of wide wings. With a flap of the wings, he charged toward Luo Zheng like a bolt of lightning.
However, how could the wings formed by Evil Deities compare to the feathers of the Wing Monarch?
Whether it was speed or movement, the two were not on the same level.
The three-colored energy constantly revolved around Luo Zheng's fingertips. When Evil Deities got close to him, he quietly dodged. The three-colored energy shot out from three different angles!
The True Meaning of Three Spirits Creation was a supernatural power used to create things. In terms of pure energy, it was stronger than other True Meanings of Dao. When he first entered King Ashoka's space, he was restrained by the group of little monsters. One could imagine how powerful it was.
The two of them chased each other in the air. Not only did Evil Deities fail to touch Luo Zheng's sleeves, but his body was also penetrated by the three-colored energy from time to time.
If not for his special physique that allowed him to recover from ordinary injuries in the blink of an eye, he would have been beaten into a sieve by Luo Zheng!
After chasing for a while, Evil Deities finally stopped. He stared at Luo Zheng with a cold gaze.
This could not go on. Sooner or later, he would be exhausted to death by Luo Zheng.
"My creator, do you dare to fight me fair and square?"
Evil Deities said as his body trembled slightly. The shadow of Nuwa dispersed from his back. The three heads and six arms disappeared as well. The Golden Body on the surface of his body also disappeared.
He actually abandoned all of his bloodline supernatural powers!
Luo Zheng hovered in the air. He took the emerald green feather from his head and stroked it gently. "What do you mean fair and square? This is the power bestowed to me by the Nirvana Realm Token. Why should I abandon my strength for my weakness? "
Evil Deities laughed coldly. Suddenly, his voice changed. "If that's the case, then I can only show you the true terror of this world."
The energy flow in this black and white world began to accelerate.
The black energy turned into clouds and gathered above Evil Deities' head. It was like a huge abyss.
As the energy gathered, it turned into streaks of black lightning and struck towards Evil Deities.
"Pa pa pa!"
Every time a bolt of black lightning struck Evil Deities, his face would twitch. This kind of pain was not something an ordinary person could endure.
Luo Zheng still remembered the anguished howl of the Liyuan clansman who had been bitten by the four-horned black snake.
The black lightning that shot out from the vortex was getting fiercer and fiercer. Evil Deities' expression was getting more and more painful. However, his body was also getting bigger and bigger. His aura was also getting stronger!
Previously, in the Evil Deities, Luo Zheng and Kazan's aura could be considered top-notch among those at the same level. As long as one was not blind, they would be able to detect it.
But now, the aura of the Evil Deities had risen once again. Ordinary Chaotic Origin Experts could not hope to catch up with it!
Under the pressure of this aura, many of the clansmen in this black and white world did not feel good. They all felt a great threat.
The 'avatars' of Evil Deities that were originally fighting with the three girls had once again turned into black energy and fused back into the vortex above.
Luo Yan, Ling Shuang, and Feng Ge also flew over and stood beside Luo Zheng.
"Brother!"
"Luo Zheng!"
After sensing the aura of the Evil Deities, they naturally had to advance and retreat together with Luo Zheng!
"All of you, go down." Luo Zheng ordered with a harsh tone.
"But …"
Luo Yan wanted to argue, but seeing how serious her brother's expression was, she was speechless for a moment. Her eyes turned red.
Seeing Luo Yan's expression, Luo Zheng's heart softened slightly. He said, "This person was born because of me. I should be the one to subdue him. You all are not enough to fight against him!"
Some battles did not depend on numbers. They could not help Luo Zheng. Instead, they would hinder him.
"We can always be of help." Feng Ge stubbornly said.
This trip to the Chaotic Origin Great World had once again given Feng Ge a better understanding of the geniuses of this world.
Like Feng Ge, Chou Xinghe, and Ling Shuang, they were considered apex existences in the Heaven Palace. But compared to Mountain, Evil Deities, and Luo Zheng, they were a realm weaker. The three of them could fight against Chaotic Origin Experts with their true strength!
Even so, she still chose to stand beside Luo Zheng.
At this moment, the mountain in the distance suddenly stretched out his hand and slashed at Luo Zheng. A space actually enveloped the three women.
When the outline of this space was drawn by Mountain, the three girls had already disappeared from the side of Luo Zheng and returned to the side of Chou Xinghe.
Luo Zheng and Mountain looked at each other. Mountain revealed a faint smile and said, "I wish to see you fight with him fairly."
Mountain had entered the world as an avatar of a Primal Chaos Ancient God. He was experienced in dealing with matters.
His arrogance was carved into his bones. He had never placed anyone at the same level as him in his eyes. Be it Luo Zheng or Evil Deities, how could they compare with him?
Regardless of experience, background, or talent, they could not be compared.
Mountain had never thought that he would be defeated in the hands of Evil Deities!
He had a calm temperament that allowed him to accept this setback.
He wanted to see if Luo Zheng was a match for Evil Deities.
Mountain was not the only one looking forward to this battle. Many leaders outside the Chaotic Origin Great World revealed intense interest on their faces.
"That black-robed brat could even defeat Mountain. This world he descended is truly tyrannical!"
"Previously, he should have released all his bloodline. This world can still release other divine abilities?"
"I reckon so."
"Truly, there are talents emerging from every generation! I think that once these juniors step into the Chaotic Origin Realm, they will not be too far away from us! "
These leaders did not have any prejudice against sects. They purely wanted to see who was stronger between Luo Zheng and Evil Deities.
Comparatively, Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, and the other leaders from the Heaven Palace were more nervous.
Qiu Yinhe knew that Luo Zheng would definitely fight with Evil Deities, but he did not think that Evil Deities would be so ridiculously strong.
After the three girls were teleported down by Mountain, they did not stubbornly charge forward.
Facing Evil Deities who were constantly being strengthened by the black lightning, that Civilization Tool gradually appeared in Luo Zheng's inner world. Following that, a green chessboard appeared in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Da!"
Luo Zheng lightly brushed the chessboard, causing a chess piece to appear on it. Following which, a green jade sculpture appeared by his side.
"A strange sculpture? A descend-type Paramita Talisman? "
"This sculpture is very weak."
"This descend-type Paramita Talisman could not even withstand a single strike from me!"
Everyone could not help but shake their heads when they saw this sculpture.
Was Luo Zheng at his wit's end?
"Luo Zheng has fused with the Mighty God Totem that is stronger than this. Why did he descend this sculpture?" Ling Shuang was puzzled.
"What is Big Brother trying to do?" Luo Yan was also curious.
When Feng Ge saw that green jade chessboard, his eyes flashed slightly. Amongst everyone present, only he knew how powerful this chessboard was. Every time a sculpture descended, the strength of that sculpture would increase by a portion.

Chapter 3105
In the Taishi Palace, Luo Zheng did not act at all. He simply used these sculptures to suppress the Chaotic Origin Realm expert Chun Xuan.
If these sculptures grew to a terrifying stage, theoretically speaking, they should be able to suppress Evil Deities.
But the majority of those who did not know about this were puzzled.
Following that, Luo Zheng lightly brushed across the green jade chessboard, causing the second green jade sculpture to descend. Closely followed by the third, fourth, and fifth.
Every green jade sculpture had gained about 100 Divine Jun Energy. Their size and toughness had also grown stronger!
In just a few breaths of time, there were already over ten green jade sculptures around Luo Zheng.
The growth of the green jade sculptures followed a pattern. The 14th green jade sculpture already had a strength of 1,000 Divine Jun. It was basically the weakest threshold for the Chaotic Origin Realm. Of course, this was purely in terms of strength. In reality, the 14th green jade sculpture was not enough to fight against Chaotic Origin Realm experts.
Even Feng Ge was not a match for Ling Shuang.
When Luo Zheng summoned 20 green jade sculptures, the maelstrom in the sky finally disappeared.
Evil Deities was pitch-black as if he was forged from black steel.
A heavy and oppressive aura was emitted from his body. His height had also increased by more than two times. A row of black spikes extended out from his shoulders like the fangs of a monster.
"This is the first time I'm using the World Throne. You should feel honored." Evil Deities said as he looked down at Luo Zheng.
"What is the World Throne …"
"I'm not sure. I only know that the Paramita Talismans that can descend from a world are all extremely terrifying existences!"
"At least with Evil Deities' current strength, he should be able to insta-kill many Chaotic Origin Realm experts!"
Many other natives felt their throats turning dry when they saw the current state of Evil Deities.
They harbored great hopes of breaking through to the Chaotic Origin Realm. But the other party was already strong enough to suppress Chaotic Origin Realm experts. How could they endure this?
Luo Zheng held onto the green jade chessboard. He lightly pushed on those chess pieces, causing all the green jade sculptures to come alive. They charged towards Evil Deities.
"Sou sou sou …"
More than ten green jade statues rushed towards the Evil Deities.
Evil Deities looked at these green jade statues with a look of disdain on his face. He stepped into the air and reached out to touch the green jade statues that were pouncing at him.
"Hua …"
These green jade statues had already shattered into countless pieces.
The emerald green fragments fell like rain, scattering all over the place.
"How disappointing. Too weak."
Evil Deities shook their heads and continued to walk in the air, as if they were walking down an invisible staircase.
He was not in a hurry. He enjoyed this feeling very much.
He could clearly sense the fear, panic, and uneasiness of the people below.
He wasn't strong enough yet, but it was only a matter of time before he caused all living beings in the Chaos to fall into a state of unease.
When they saw him, they had no other choice but to kneel and submit.
Luo Zheng's expression didn't change in the slightest. He pressed his hand on the chess pieces again, and with a gentle push, the second batch of green jade statues rushed toward the Evil Deities.
There were also ten green jade statues in the second batch.
That time when Luo Zheng defeated Chun Xuan, only the 17th and 18th green jade statues descended.
"Sou sou sou …"
The second batch of green jade statues were already three meters tall. These green jade bodies were extremely tough. Even Chun Xuan who was at the Chaotic Origin Realm found it hard to destroy them.
Facing the second batch of green jade statues, Evil Deities's expression didn't change at all.
He lightly leaped up. His entire body suddenly rotated in the air. He didn't even attack, yet those green jade statues had shattered once again!
"Too weak, too weak …"
Evil Deities said impatiently. He once again landed on that invisible "flight of stairs" and continued walking towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's expression gradually turned grim.
The Evil God, who had used the "World Inheritance", was indeed powerful enough to be reborn.
Without any change in his expression, he pressed his finger on the green jade chessboard once again. The third batch of green jade statues rushed up!
This batch of green jade statues had a strength of 2,000 to 3,000 Divine Jun. It surpassed many Chaotic Origin Realm experts. Even though their fleshy bodies weren't as heaven-defying as those who fused with the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, they weren't weak either …
But the third batch of green jade statues couldn't even withstand a single blow from Evil Deities. Just by getting close to Evil Deities, these statues were easily destroyed.
Many of the non-humans below felt their hearts trembling when they saw this.
Even descending Paramita Talismans with a strength of several thousand Divine Jun could not withstand a single blow from this fellow …
Even if these non-humans were the elites of their respective races, it wasn't easy for them to deal with a single green jade statue. Even though these green jade statues didn't have any special abilities, just their strength alone was frightening.
"Big Brother …"
The worry on Luo Yan's face became even more intense.
Luo Zheng's expression became even more solemn. But he still lightly touched the chessboard, causing the fourth batch of green jade statues to descend.
He was clear that these green jade statues couldn't defeat Evil Deities.
The chessboard could only contain 81 chess pieces. According to the increment of 100 Divine Jun strength from each green jade statue, the strongest green jade statue could reach 8,100 Divine Jun strength.
Such strength was frightening. Quite a few Chaotic Origin Realm experts could hardly reach such a figure.
But in a battle of this level, it was hard to rely on pure strength to resolve the problem …
But Luo Zheng naturally had his own intentions. At least he could use the green jade chessboard to test out a portion of Evil Deities' strength. From that, he could deduce his limits.
It's just that doing so consumed too many God Crystals …
The number of God Crystals required for these green jade statues to descend was an astronomical figure!
The Evil Deities could also see Luo Zheng's intentions. But he didn't care. Or rather, he was just following Luo Zheng's wishes.
He wanted to let Luo Zheng understand that it was useless no matter how he struggled. His final destination was to be devoured by him and fused into one. This was exterminating one's heart!
The fourth batch of green jade statues was once again destroyed by Evil Deities.
But this time, Evil Deities wasn't as relaxed as before. At the very least, Evil Deities punched out on the surface of every green jade statue, shattering them. He even grinned: "It's not bad, but it's still far from enough …"
"The fifth batch …"
"The sixth batch …"
Every time the green jade statues grew, it would be harder for Evil Deities to deal with them.
When the seventh batch of green jade statues attacked, Evil Deities finally revealed a strand of seriousness.
"Hong!"
Evil Deities could no longer shatter the green jade statues with a single punch. He couldn't even form a crack.
"Purely in terms of strength, these jade statues are qualified to be my opponents. It's a pity …"

Chapter 3106
"Cha cha cha cha …"
A soft sound could be heard. In just a few breaths, the heads of these statues were separated from their bodies.
Seeing this scene from afar, Mountain's expression became even more complicated.
Even at his peak, Mountain could not fight against these green jade statues. He could only choose to banish them.
Mountain lost because of the Nirvana Token …
Due to his powerful bloodline, Mountain did not rely on the Nirvana Token.
The few Nirvana Tokens that he carried were mainly strengthening types. They were only for the Nirvana Power.
However, the Nirvana Power was formed from countless chaotic reincarnations. Time had given it too many resources. It had all kinds of complicated methods and ridiculously powerful abilities.
No matter how powerful Mountain was, he could not do anything if he was locked in by Chou Xinghe's abacus.
The Nirvana Token that Evil Deities fused with should represent a civilization. Otherwise, it would be impossible for such a world to descend.
"To be able to find a civilization to stand behind you is a heaven-defying opportunity. Luo Zheng, you should just admit defeat …" Mountain muttered.
After the seventh batch of green jade statues were destroyed by Evil Deities, there was only one statue left beside Luo Zheng. It was the 81st statue.
The 80th statue had the strength of 8,000 Shen Jun, while the 81st statue had the strength of 8,100 Shen Jun. The difference between the two was very small.
Evil Deities had just taken care of ten statues in one go. The last statue was better than nothing.
Evil Deities was still walking in the air unhurriedly. He was only a hundred feet away from Luo Zheng. He asked, "Is this all you can do? I have never pitied the weak. If your trump card is only this chessboard, then I won't even fuse with you.
It's not interesting … "
Evil Deities was a little emotional.
This was the Creator that he had to kneel and even look up to. This was an omnipotent and omniscient existence.
Unknowingly, he had completely surpassed him. Under such a gaze, he even felt that Luo Zheng was extremely weak and could not withstand a single blow.
Luo Zheng was silent, but he was calculating in his heart.
"The limit of his strength should be 7,000 to 8,000 Shen Jun …"
"But the black bone spur between his hands is even stronger."
"The green jade statue that has grown seventy to eighty times is still unable to withstand a single blow from him."
While thinking, Luo Zheng pushed out the last chess piece on the green jade chessboard.
"Buzz …"
The last green jade statue transformed into a giant beast and once again pounced toward the Evil Deities at an incredible speed.
When the Green Jade Behemoth arrived in front of the Evil Deities, the Evil Deities twisted their bodies and punched the Green Jade Behemoth in the face.
"Clang!"
The Green Jade Behemoth took the attack head-on, and its two thick claws swiped at the Evil Deities.
With the strength of the final Green Jade Beast, it was sufficient to fight against the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit!
When Evil Deities saw the two sharp claws coming at it, it crossed its arms, and the inverted black bone spikes on the back of its arms transformed into two streaks of black light.
"Cha, cha!"
The black light cleanly sliced off the Green Jade Beast's sharp claws.
"Cha!"
As the Evil God's right arm suddenly rose, another black light shot from the bottom to the top, slicing the Green Jade Behemoth's stomach open and cutting it into two!
"Hu …"
The last Green Jade Beast fell straight down.
"It's over. It's your turn."
Evil Deities no longer hesitated. It charged down like a bird of prey towards Luo Zheng who was not far away.
As the two black bone spurs on his right hand were dragged through the air, they emitted strands of afterglow of energy. If not for the experts stabilizing the space in the Chaotic Origin Great World, Heretic God would most likely be able to pull out a series of cracks in space.
"Sou …"
Facing the assault of Evil Deities, the green feather above Luo Zheng's head flashed. He was like a piece of leaf swaying in the wind and rain. With a light feather tail, the energy ripples of his followers kept evading and dodging.
Evil Deities did not show any expression on his face.
Naturally, he understood that Luo Zheng's movement technique was ingenious. But dodging was meaningless. In his opinion, Luo Zheng was merely an ant dancing under the feet of an elephant.
If he could dodge one attack, then what about a hundred times, a thousand times, or even ten thousand times?
As long as he could hit his target once, this ant would be trampled into pieces.
Of these two in the sky, one was incomparably powerful and the other was nimble. Just like that, an exciting chase began in front of the crowd.
Even though the majority of the cultivators from Li Mountain were still attacking the Chaotic Origin Spirit, Luo Yan did not have the mood to take a look. She was clenching her fists so tightly that her fingernails had dug into her flesh.
Her big brother was dancing on the tip of a blade. Every single attack of Evil Deities was suffocating her!
Lan Qing, Huo Ze, Feng Ge, and the others were filled with nervousness …
But among the crowd, only Ling Shuang had a different expression. Her eyes were filled with hesitation and entanglement. She did not dare to make a decision.
The moment she made a decision, she would have to pay a huge price. She would not be able to accept the years of painstaking nurturing by her grandmother.
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng who was fleeing had just dodged an attack from the black bone spike. His right eye rapidly released a white light.
"True Vision!"
At the moment when the True Vision was released, Luo Zheng's eyebrows rose. There were still no openings?
The True Vision was ineffective against Chaotic Origin Realm experts. This was something Luo Zheng had already confirmed. That time when he was observing that Ant Queen, he was similarly unable to find any openings on it.
But that did not mean there were no openings. It was just that the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystal had a unique effect that covered up the openings.
When the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystal entered a state of fatigue, the openings would naturally be revealed.
Evil Deities were not Chaotic Origin Realm experts, yet they could not find any openings. That did not make sense.
'Unless he is an undying and indestructible existence in this Black and White World?'
"Xiu xiu!"
Evil Deities did not care about what Luo Zheng was thinking. They attacked once again.
Just as that black bone spike swept past Luo Zheng, a layer of pitch-black abruptly appeared on Luo Zheng's hand. After using the Sealing Stone Solution to protect his right hand, he lightly brushed against the bone spike of Evil Deities.
"Boundless Great Splitting Technique!"
Luo Zheng attempted to disintegrate the bone spike back to its original state.
But when he executed the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction, this black bone spike did not budge at all!
The < Boundless Great Splitting Technique > was not something that could disintegrate all materials. With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could still disintegrate ordinary tough materials. But this black bone spike had clearly reached a terrifying level of toughness. Hence, it was naturally ineffective against it.
And at the moment when Luo Zheng's hand came in contact with the bone spike, it was corroded by a powerful force. Even with the protection of the Sealing Stone Solution, his entire right arm had lost all feeling.
Seizing the moment when Luo Zheng was slightly dazed, Evil Deities waved both hands, sending the bone spike towards Luo Zheng's head. Under the high-speed movement, the black light formed a black flower.

Chapter 3107
"Peng!"
Evil Deities stomped down on Luo Zheng's chest.
Luo Zheng who suffered a heavy blow was sent crashing down from the sky like a meteor.
"Hong …"
A huge crater with a diameter of three thousand meters was formed on the ground.
"Luo Zheng has been defeated too …"
Mountain silently glanced at Luo Zheng before closing his eyes. He had already expected this outcome.
Luo Zheng had returned after being exiled by him. Mountain felt that it was unimaginable.
But the combat power he displayed was not enough to deal with Evil Deities.
Even though the descending statue from the green jade chessboard was formidable, if it was Mountain dealing with it, he would only find it troublesome. It was not like he could not deal with those statues.
Given the current state of Evil Deities, the majority of Chaotic Origin Experts were not his match.
How could Luo Yan remain calm when she saw this?
She took a step forward and was about to charge towards Luo Zheng when a hand suddenly reached out from the side to hold her back.
Luo Yan turned back and saw that it was Ling Shuang.
"You are not a match for Evil Deities." Ling Shuang said.
Luo Yan revealed a furious look. She retorted, "Are you his match?"
"I am not either. But I can let him die."
Ling Shuang let go of Luo Yan's hand and walked towards Luo Zheng.
Chou Yun, Feng Ge, and the others were stunned. Evil Deities that none of them could deal with, yet Ling Shuang could kill him. How could she?
But looking at Ling Shuang's resolute expression, she did not seem to be lying.
"What a boring battle …"
Evil Deities extended a pure black hand. The bloodline energy of the White Transcendent Clansman returned to his body. The maelstrom on his hand was opened once again.
Although Evil Deities kept saying that they were not interested in Luo Zheng, Evil Deities also knew that Luo Zheng had some amazing secrets. What's more, the two originally came from the same origin, so there would be no harm in absorbing Luo Zheng.
When the Evil Deities descended towards the crater, Ling Shuang also dashed over from afar. At the same time, she coldly scolded, "Stay away from Luo Zheng."
Evil Deities did not put Ling Shuang in his eyes at all. In his eyes, these so-called girls were worthless. He could kill them with a single finger. Why would he listen to Ling Shuang?
But at this moment, a strange feeling rose from the bottom of Evil Deities' heart.
"Plop!"
"Plop!"
"Plop!"
With every step Frost took, Evil Deities felt his heart skip a beat. It was as if the sound of his heartbeat was right next to his ears.
After Evil Deities activated the Inheritance of the World, he no longer had a human body. How could there be a heartbeat?
But the sound of his heartbeat was right next to his ears. This was not an illusion.
"Plop!"
"Plop …"
"Leave Luo Zheng, or you will die." Frost's face was filled with determination.
No one present could hear the heartbeat. Only Frost and Evil Deities could hear it.
The Heart of the Accomplice …
Luo Zheng had obtained two Hearts of the Accomplice from the Temple of Heaven.
After Qiu Yinhe found out about one of them, he forcefully asked Luo Zheng for it. Luo Zheng had Frost hand the other one to Taiyi Mountain.
But what Luo Zheng did not know was that Frost did not hand it over. She had chosen to keep it for herself.
The Ear Rats had told her about the function of the Heart of the Accomplice, so Frost understood it clearly.
It could turn one into an 'accomplice' with any living being. If one died, the accomplice would die too.
There was once an Early Stage Chaotic Origin lifeform from the Celestial Wolf Clan who relied on the Heart of the Accomplice to kill the strongest expert, 'King Xun'.
Now, it was more than enough to deal with Evil Deities.
"What is this heartbeat sound?"
Evil Deities finally looked at the white-robed girl standing by the edge of the pit.
Regardless of whether it was the strange heartbeat or her firm tone, it meant that the other party was not joking.
A smile appeared on Ling Shuang's beautiful twin face. "You also have times when you're afraid? If you are, then leave this place. You still have a chance to live, and so do I. Otherwise, die! "
A single sentence from Frost actually caused Evil Deities to fall into a dilemma!
Evil Deities' intuition told him that Frost was not lying. But it sounded laughable. He, Evil Deities, was scared away by a girl from the Sky Palace? This was something he could not tolerate.
The others, including Shan in the distance, were all dumbfounded.
What was going on?
The insufferably arrogant Evil Deities actually showed signs of retreating in front of Frost?
"Not good …" Qiu Yinhe frowned when he saw this, "Previously, after Luo Zheng returned, he obtained the Heart of the Accomplice from the Paramita Realm. One of them was handed over to the Extreme Celestial Mountain by Frost. I wonder if she has handed it over?"
"There are two Heart of the Accomplice? This silly girl! "
Lin Zhanting was stunned when he heard that. He immediately understood what was going on.
It must be that this little girl Frost had concealed the other Heart of the Accomplice and kept it for herself.
This thing was powerful, but it required the sacrifice of one's life! How could Elder Ying accept it?
But they could only wait outside anxiously …
"Putong!"
"Putong!"
"Putong …"
The heartbeat reverberated by the ears of Frost and Evil Deities. It was getting louder and louder.
"I will only give you ten breaths of time to leave." Frost seemed to have covered Frost on Frost's face. She had made up her mind. At the same time, she started counting down, "Ten!"
"Nine!"
"Eight!"
"Seven …"
Traces of black light surrounded the body of Evil Deities and danced. The corner of Evil Deities' eyes kept twitching.
The situation that was in the bag was actually destroyed by a little girl. One could imagine how he felt …
"Four."
"Three."
"Two."
Ling Shuang's lips parted slightly as she counted out.
Just as she counted to "one", a voice suddenly came from the bottom of the pit, "Stop counting, Frost."
Frost's eyes flashed. She saw Luo Zheng slowly climbing up from the bottom of the pit. Her originally dim eyes suddenly flashed with vitality, "Luo Zheng, are you okay?"
"You didn't hand over the Heart of the Accomplice to the Extreme Celestial Mountain, right?" Luo Zheng said with a solemn face.
Frost's long eyelashes drooped as she softly answered, "Yes." She had lied to Luo Zheng about this matter and felt a little uneasy.
"This is not the Nirvana Token that you should bear," Luo Zheng said sternly, "Remove the Heart of the Accomplice and go back!"
"But you …" Frost's temper flared up. She had no intention of backing down.
Evil Deities only had one life. If he did not want to die, he would definitely be forced to retreat. This was the best outcome.
"You still want to sacrifice a woman at a critical moment?" Evil Deities did not miss the opportunity to provoke him.
Luo Zheng stared coldly at Evil Deities and said, "It seems like you are really afraid of the Heart of the Accomplice. Unfortunately, you are wrong about one thing. I don't need to sacrifice anyone to defeat you."
As soon as he finished speaking, a green light shot out from the top of Luo Zheng's head.
The Weapon of Civilization instantly appeared above Luo Zheng's head and kept spinning.

Chapter 3108
The green light spread out with Luo Zheng at the center. It stacked on top of the original black and white world, causing this region to transform continuously.
The brownish yellow soil became extremely smooth. It was as if a layer of emerald green enamel was laid on the ground. Clusters of green jade crystals were like raw ores. They were constantly growing, extending, and blossoming into green jade flowers.
Another color was inserted into the world that was ruled by black and white. The green light blended together, causing this space to become strange and unique. It gave off a unique feeling of cleanliness.
A second world descended. The two worlds stacked together!
Everyone looked at the changes happening around them. Their expression could not be described with the word 'strange'.
"Another world is descending?"
"Isn't this too crazy? Is this created by Luo Zheng? "
"Luo Zheng is also the spokesperson of a civilization?"
At the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World, many leaders widened their eyes.
The current situation in the Chaotic Origin Great World had completely exceeded their imagination.
Logically speaking, everyone should be using their own strength to excavate the Chaotic Origin Spirit before breaking through to the Chaotic Origin Realm.
But at this moment, everyone's focus was not on the Chaotic Origin Spirit. Instead, it was on Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities …
Seeing the green light and the world descending, Lin Zhanting let out a sigh of relief.
If Ling Shuang had truly died in the Chaotic Origin Great World, the Extreme Celestial Mountain would likely be turned upside down. According to the temper of Elder Ying, he would most likely chase after the black ship by himself.
"Tsk tsk …" Fuxi revealed a helpless smile when he saw that green light world, "It seems that other than 'Ji', there is another civilization that chose you. I wonder what is the ranking of this civilization …"
There were many civilizations hidden in the Paramita. Some were strong and some were weak. Furthermore, the gap between them was huge.
If it was a civilization that was ranked in the hundreds or thousands, it would be considered weak. But the top 100 civilizations would definitely be very powerful.
The Green Jade Civilization did not leave behind many traces in the Paramita. Even the former Green Jade Temple had been destroyed. Only the Green Jade Civilization was hidden in the 13 Heavens of the Paramita. Hence, nobody present could recognize the origin of this world.
Naturally, Fuxi did not know that the Green Jade Civilization was once a powerful civilization that could be ranked in the top ten!
Mountain stared at the green light that scattered over. His calm face finally revealed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. He had thought that Luo Zheng was bound to lose. Who would have thought that there would be such a reversal?
What was even more unimaginable was that Luo Zheng could also send down a world!
"Due to some special reasons, I don't want to descend the world, nor do I want to use the World Bearer …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's voice became very ethereal, as if it came from a faraway cave, sometimes far, sometimes near.
From the moment Luo Zheng had fused with the Instrument of Civilization, he had realized that the Green Jade World he had been given, and that he could use the World Bearer to strengthen himself. Of course, it wasn't as simple as the Green Jade Chessboard.
However, using such an ability would cause a huge commotion, so Luo Zheng had never tried it before.
Moreover, the Green Jade Spirit had reminded him that they still had a grudge against the Wu Kong Clan. Unless it was absolutely necessary, they should try not to expose the Instrument of Civilization. Therefore, Luo Zheng had always kept it for last.
It was only when Ling Shuang decided to sacrifice herself that he sent down the Green Jade World.
"Rumble …"
A Green Jade Crystal grew from the ground. As the Green Jade Crystal grew, it gently propped Ling Shuang up, extending the distance of a few hundred feet, and sent Ling Shuang to the other side.
Another Green Jade Crystal grew from the bottom of the pit and gradually lifted Luo Zheng up.
"I gave you freedom because I wanted you to take a good look at this world. You are a genius and naturally have the right to ask for things from this world. Unfortunately, you are too greedy and bloodthirsty. You have disappointed me …"
As Luo Zheng spoke, he stretched out his hand and gently pointed at the Evil Deities. A Green Jade Crystal suddenly grew from the ground and slammed into the Evil Deities.
"Bang!"
As the body of the Evil Deities was knocked into mid-air, another Green Jade Crystal pierced through the ground and slammed into the Evil Deities.
Many Green Jade Crystals grew from the ground and extended to a height of several hundred or even several thousand feet. They were constantly slamming into the Evil Deities …
Evil Deities could easily dodge such attacks. But he did not have any intention of dodging. He simply allowed the Green Jade Crystals to slam into him.
If one observed carefully, one could see that the face of Evil Deities was filled with excitement and ecstasy.
Ever since he entered the Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Zheng's weakness was his greatest disappointment. But after the arrival of another world, Luo Zheng finally displayed a strength that was qualified to be his opponent!
After being slammed dozens of times, the bone spikes on the arms of Evil Deities turned outwards. With a dazzling speed, the bone spikes danced around him, shattering all the Green Jade Crystals that slammed into him.
He then heard Evil Deities say: "Keep your petty tricks!"
Luo Zheng glanced at Evil Deities indifferently. The Green Jade Crystal beneath his feet grew once again. This time, the Green Jade Crystal did not lift him up. Instead, it wrapped around Luo Zheng entirely.
"Weng …"
The entire Green Jade World started flashing with a light ring from the edge.
This light ring was constantly shrinking and converging towards the center. Finally, it gathered on the body of Luo Zheng.
"Weng …"
Closely following that, another light ring flashed on the surface of the Green Jade World before rapidly converging towards the center.
With the Green Jade World behind him, Luo Zheng could indeed deal with the Evil Deities.
But in order to defeat the Evil Deities, he had to activate the World Inheritance.
Luo Zheng was not willing to waste any time.
As the light rings continued converging, Luo Zheng's body began to undergo significant changes.
Many Green Jade Crystals condensed on his eyebrows. Following that, it was his hair, skin, flesh …
The World Inheritance used the power of a descending world to undergo extreme changes to oneself.
Luo Zheng was baptized by the Green Jade Light rings. His entire body had been completely crystallized from head to toe!
Green feathers began to grow from his back. He opened his eyes slightly, and triangular crystals appeared in his pupils.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's aura had undergone an earth-shattering change. Apart from his appearance, which was still somewhat similar to Luo Zheng's, everything else was different. His voice, aura, and characteristics had all disappeared!
"Crash!"
Luo Zheng's body trembled slightly. The Green Jade Crystal encasing him shattered with a loud bang.
His Green Jade Wings fluttered slightly. His entire body seemed to merge with the space around him as he smoothly rose into the air towards Ao Xiang.
The Liyuan Clansmen, the Eared Mice, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace, and the people of Mount Li could only watch in silence.

Chapter 3109
In the past, Luo Yan would often talk about how formidable her big brother was. Ling Yun had always thought that Luo Yan was bragging. It was normal for little girls to worship their big brother. Only after meeting him did Ling Yun realize how strong Luo Zheng was. At least among those of the same generation in Li Mountain, there was no one who could fight against him.
But now, it seemed that Luo Yan's description of her big brother was too modest!
Much less those of the same generation …
Even those 'seniors' who had stepped into the Chaotic Origin Realm and climbed up to the Desire Realm could not fight against the current Luo Zheng.
Evil Deities stared at the crystal-like Luo Zheng as if he was looking at a lover that moved his heart. His face was filled with joy, "Very good, I like it very much …"
As he said that, he crossed his hands, causing the black bone spikes to shoot outwards. His entire body began spiraling like a black whirlwind!
"Ah!"
Following the slight sway of this whirlwind.
It was as if an enormous hand had drawn a black straight line in the sky. This straight line had already pierced through Luo Zheng's body.
It was so fast that it could not be seen with the naked eye.
Everyone could only see that Luo Zheng did not move. But a section of his crystallized arm had already been broken off.
Evil Deities had already stopped about 300 meters behind Luo Zheng. He grabbed that crystallized right arm and placed it in his mouth to chew on it. The green crystal was both brittle and hard. Evil Deities chewed on it with 'ka ka' sounds. But after a while, this arm had been completely devoured by Evil Deities.
"The taste is not bad." Evil Deities clapped his hands, slapping away the remaining crystal fragments.
Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a strange look. Evil Deities' explosive speed had indeed startled him. This meant that Evil Deities had not used his full strength previously.
"Not bad …" Luo Zheng said as his body trembled slightly. A green arm began growing out from the broken arm.
"Many thanks for the compliment. Then let's do it again! This time, it's your head. "
After saying that, Evil Deities once again turned into a black whirlwind.
That black line across the sky once again streaked across Luo Zheng's body.
Still, no one could clearly see the details of the fight between the two. Everyone only saw Luo Zheng tremble slightly in the air. When the Evil Deities hovered in the air, his hands were empty. Not only did he fail to take Luo Zheng's head, but he also lost a leg.
The leg formed by the black energy appeared in Luo Zheng's hand. Luo Zheng held the leg of the Evil Deities and shook it lightly before casually throwing it to the ground.
World Inheritance was an extremely powerful method that could turn oneself into energy in a short period of time.
Everything in the Green Jade World was formed by the Green Jade Crystal. The creatures in the Green Jade World also lived in the crystal. The World Inheritance that descended was to completely crystallize Luo Zheng.
The same principle applied to the black and white world of Evil Deities. It also turned the Evil Deities into pure black energy. Broken arms and short legs were no problem at all. The leg that was cut off by Luo Zheng grew back in the blink of an eye!
"Whoosh! Whoosh! "
The two once again charged at each other.
The Evil Deities were known for their explosive power. They could push their speed to the limit in a short period of time. Their speed was so fast that it was shocking.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, had ingenious movement techniques. He could always dodge and counterattack at the same time.
The spectators below were all dumbfounded.
"Are the two of them tearing apart the body parts for fun?"
"One moment, they are tearing off an arm, and the next moment, they are breaking off a body. What a weirdo …"
"I have never seen such a battle before …"
Descending into a world and obtaining the World Inheritance. Such a level of battle would only happen between the various spokespersons.
And as the spokespersons of a civilization, they were usually the most powerful experts in the Mother World.
It was just that there were two exceptions this time. Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities had each found an Instrument of Civilization in the 13 Heavens of the Color Realm. That was how they fought on this level.
The energy of the two Instruments of Civilization was still compressed within the Color Realm.
If these two great civilizations could return to the Desire Realm or even the higher Heavens, the power they could unleash would be even more terrifying.
Hence, it was not just the geniuses in the Chaotic Origin Great World who had never seen such a battle before. Even existences like Fuxi were dumbfounded.
To an expert at Fuxi's level, descending into a world with a civilization and fusing with the World Inheritance was not strange. But two brats who had not even stepped into the Chaotic Origin Realm actually descended into a world and fused with the World Inheritance to fight?
That sounded too unfathomable!
If not for him personally witnessing it, he would never believe that such a thing could happen.
No matter how much their bodies were torn apart, Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities would always be able to recover in an instant.
As the number of times the green and black lines clashed increased, Luo Zheng gradually gained the upper hand.
And the Green Jade Civilization behind him was even stronger!
Especially when the Green Jade World descended with the pair of Wing King Wings. The movement techniques it provided to Luo Zheng were far superior compared to other civilizations.
As Luo Zheng gradually adapted to the speed of the Evil Deities, he became even more relaxed as he waited for the Evil Deities to attack.
Every time the Evil Deities turned into a black line and charged towards him, the green wings on his back would lightly flap. His body would move less than a chi away from the Evil Deities, allowing him to easily dodge the attack of the Evil Deities.
"Ka!"
As the two clashed, one of the arms of the Evil Deities was torn off by Luo Zheng, causing it to fall to the ground.
At the start, Luo Zheng did not deal with the broken limbs of the Evil Deities. Instead, he casually threw them away.
The broken limbs that fell down quietly dissolved into clumps of black energy, disappearing into the black and white world.
"Luo Zheng, the total energy of the descending world will not change. The other party can use it again. You can seal it." The voice of the Green Jade Spirit sounded once again.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly. He already understood where the problem lay.
He kept tearing off the broken limbs of the Evil Deities. If he did not deal with them, his energy consumption would be very small. If this continued, there would be no end to it.
When the Evil Deities attacked again, Luo Zheng tore off one of the Evil Deities' legs again.
This time, when Luo Zheng threw the leg to the ground, a green jade crystal suddenly grew out of the ground. The surface of the green jade crystal was like a pool of chalcedony. It directly wrapped around the leg of the Evil Deities.
The leg that was wrapped in the green jade crystal could not disappear. It was like an insect wrapped in amber, forever sealed inside.
The Evil Deities frowned when they saw this scene. They did not think much and charged towards Luo Zheng again.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The two of them continued to exchange blows. Luo Zheng won more than he lost.
Green jade crystals extended from the ground. Some of these green jade crystals sealed half of the body of the Evil Deities, while others sealed an arm. There were Evil Deities everywhere on the body of the Evil Deities!
After a while, there were hundreds of broken limbs on the ground. It looked extremely strange.
The limbs that were torn off from the Evil Deities lost the way to recover energy.
His body, which was originally ten feet tall, began to shrink under the repeated regeneration of broken limbs. From ten feet tall to nine feet, from nine feet to seven feet, from seven feet to four feet.

Chapter 3110
"Evil Deities' body has shrunk!"
"Luo Zheng has sealed his limbs. He can't absorb them back!"
"If this continues, Evil Deities will definitely lose!"
A faint smile appeared on Mountain's face. At this point, he finally saw Evil Deities' defeat.
Luo Zheng's method wasn't very ingenious, but it was direct and effective.
How could Evil Deities not realize this situation?
His eyes flickered with a faint black light. When he charged towards Luo Zheng again, he suddenly changed directions, drawing a vertical arc in the air. His target was his severed limbs!
As long as he smashed these damned green jade crystals, his severed limbs would turn into energy and return to the world, fusing with his body.
Luo Zheng had expected Evil Deities to take this step when he first sealed them. How could he let him succeed so easily?
"Crackle crackle crackle …"
Green jade crystals rose from the ground like slender pipes. Evil Deities' severed limbs quickly flowed within the green jade crystals. In the blink of an eye, all the severed limbs were transported to the edge of the green jade world and were distributed at an equal distance.
Evil Deities' face darkened. He charged towards the arm closest to him.
That arm flowed rapidly within the green jade crystal, but Evil Deities was still faster.
"Clang!"
Evil Deities easily smashed apart the brittle and hard green jade crystal. As soon as the severed arm was smashed out, it turned into wisps of black energy and disappeared from the world. As for Evil Deities, his body grew slightly larger.
However, as soon as he smashed apart the severed arm, Luo Zheng had already approached Evil Deities from a strange angle. His crystal-covered hands suddenly slashed, and Evil Deities' legs were torn off by Luo Zheng once again!
As soon as the two legs left Evil Deities' body, the two green jade crystals below suddenly stretched out like hidden vipers, wrapped the two legs, and quickly sent them away …
"You …" Evil Deities finally showed anger on his face, but there was a hint of fear in his anger.
"Guess how small you can become?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
Evil Deities glared at Luo Zheng, then rushed towards his next severed limb.
In terms of movement, Evil Deities was originally weaker than Luo Zheng. However, Luo Zheng could freely control the movement of Evil Deities' severed limbs. How could he let Evil Deities take them away so easily?
Whenever Evil Deities relied on their powerful explosive strength to get close to the severed limbs, Luo Zheng would always be one step ahead.
Evil Deities either got nothing or had more body parts cut off by Luo Zheng. In this case, even if Evil Deities fought back, Luo Zheng could deal with them more easily.
The energy given to Evil Deities by the World Bearer was divided and nibbled away by Luo Zheng bit by bit …
After a while, Evil Deities shrunk from four feet tall to three feet, and from three feet to two feet. In the end, Evil Deities was only the size of a baby.
"The World Bearer should be your last resort." Luo Zheng flapped his wings and flew towards Evil Deities not far away. "If I destroy your soul body, your real body should be revealed, right?"
After activating the World Bearer, the whole body would be energized, and the body would be divided in the whole world.
Evil Deities and Luo Zheng were the same.
There were two ways to kill a powerhouse who had activated the World Bearer. One was to exhaust their energy and force their real body to reveal itself, or one was to destroy the whole world.
Luo Zheng could not destroy Evil Deities in this black and white world, but Luo Zheng could exhaust the energy of this world. No matter how powerful this world was, it was still a Nirvana Token, and the energy it contained was still limited!
Therefore, Luo Zheng cut off every part of Evil Deities to seal part of their energy in the Green Jade Crystal.
Seeing himself being dismantled bit by bit, the little Evil Deities floated in the air, looking up at Luo Zheng not far away, the corner of his eyes twitching.
At this moment, he felt that Luo Zheng's image had been rejuvenated.
He remembered the first time he schemed against Luo Zheng.
His meticulous planning, his scheming, the beginning of his ambition, and even his woman's expectations for him, everything seemed so ridiculous in front of Luo Zheng.
That feeling of helplessness and Evil Deities was still fresh in his mind.
After Evil Deities was blackmailed by the ship, he gradually understood the truth of this world and understood the true strength of Luo Zheng. He frantically devoured, explored, and cultivated in the Nirvana Realm until Shen Tu told him that he was undefeatable below the Chaotic Origin Realm.
But Evil Deities was clearer about himself. He who had fused with an entire civilization, much less those below the Chaotic Origin Realm, even those experts at the Chaotic Origin Realm might not be able to do anything to him!
Those so-called 'geniuses' from the various great clans after entering the Nirvana Realm were too weak in front of him!
Other than "Mountain" who could give him a hard time, almost no one could threaten him. But in the end, he still could not defeat Luo Zheng?
This was his Creator?
Seeing the crystal-like Luo Zheng flapping his wings and about to continue 'dismantling' himself, Evil Deities revealed a smile of relief. Following that, his chi tall body suddenly collapsed, and the remaining black energy dissipated in all directions.
At the same time, Evil Deities' voice reverberated in this black and white world.
"Luo Zheng, I am indeed impressed that you can do this. But you are too naive if you think you can win against me just like this! Since you have forced me to this stage, I can only let you see what is called Myriad Eras Destruction! "
"Hong long long …"
The entire black and white world started shaking. Even the green jades stacked on top of it shattered. An aura of destruction spread across the entire world as if the apocalypse was about to arrive.
Li Yuan and the other clans were originally focused on fighting against the mother body. They did not pay much attention to the battle between Luo Zheng and Evil Deities.
But when such a drastic change occurred in this world, their expressions changed greatly.
"Weng …"
Many black ripples appeared in the sky. Many enormous four-legged black snakes were crawling within the ripples. These four-legged black snakes curled up into a ball before crashing down from the sky like a meteor!
When Luo Zheng felt the power of this meteor, Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly shrank. "How could this be! I have clearly consumed most of his energy. The power of this meteor … is simply unimaginable! "
Luo Zheng could not estimate the power contained in the meteor. Just by feeling the aura of destruction, Luo Zheng felt an instinctive fear in his heart.
What was more frightening was that there was more than one huge four-legged black snake! After more four-legged black snakes appeared, they curled up into a ball and gradually turned into a black meteor.
If these meteors fell, they would probably destroy everything in this black and white world.
"Hahaha …"

Chapter 3111
Just as Luo Zheng was puzzling over the source of Evil Deities' energy, the voice of the Green Jade Spirit sounded once more, "The power of burning a Paramita Token is already unimaginable. He is burning an entire world. It isn't surprising for him to have such power."
"Burning this world? He is mad! "Luo Zheng said with a look of shock.
"Can't you see it? He is originally a madman. What can't he do? "The Green Jade Spirit said.
Luo Zheng was very clear how difficult it was to become the spokesperson of a civilization.
Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities were likely the only two lucky existences in the Color Realm.
An entire civilization had entrusted everything to him, yet he chose to burn it just to kill himself?
Wasn't that too deranged?
"Ling Shuang, Yan 'er, Feng Ge, Chou Xue … all of you should hurry up and escape from this world! Everything in this world will be destroyed! "Luo Zheng immediately reminded them.
Actually, even if Luo Zheng did not remind them, the others had noticed something amiss.
The mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit had even started moving towards the boundary of this Black and White World.
The Li Yuan Clan and the Eared Mouse Clan no longer cared about fighting against the mother body. At this crucial moment, their lives were more important!
At the moment they approached the boundary of this Black and White World, clumps of black energy were released from the boundary of this world like flames. Those green jade crystals stacked on the boundary of this world were also devoured by this black flame. A black dividing line appeared at the boundary of this world!
"The world has been divided?"
Mountain raised his hand and attempted to teleport the people from the Heaven Palace and Li Mountain out.
This was not an act of goodwill. Mountain's stance would never change. It was just that Luo Zheng had defeated the Evil Deities. Mountain would definitely repay this favor.
But the moment Mountain constructed a spatial passage that involved the Truth of Space, it was blocked by the black dividing line …
Just as Mountain was attempting to teleport, another figure appeared not far away from him. He was none other than Fuxi.
"Greetings, Human Emperor." Mountain bowed towards Fuxi.
Fuxi only snorted coldly. After all, Mountain was just a clone that had grown naturally.
He came here to save someone, or rather, to save Luo Yan.
Fuxi did not expect the Evil Deities to be this crazy.
At Fuxi's level, spokespersons of civilizations were not rare, and Fuxi had even personally killed a powerful being who had activated the World Inheritance.
However, none of the spokespersons dared to burn the civilization behind them. They would rather die than do so.
This was not only a matter of receiving the punishment of the truth, but also a matter of trust.
The civilization behind it was willing to entrust the weapon of civilization to you, which meant that they had complete trust in you. In the end, you burned their entire civilization as a token of the Nirvana Realm. What the hell was that?
Although Fuxi could not recognize the origin of the civilization that burned Evil Deities, the level of this civilization was definitely not low. Even if this civilization hid in the 13 Heavens of the Color Realm and suppressed their strength, the consequences of burning were extremely terrifying.
"Hu!"
Fuxi took a deep breath.
As he took a step forward, his terrifying power began to accumulate.
"Pu!"
After that, Fuxi pushed his palm into the world.
A black and white Eight Trigrams appeared out of thin air and imprinted on the surface of the world.
There were two ways to defeat a World Inheritance. Either find the true body and kill it or destroy the entire world. Naturally, Fuxi chose the second method, which was simple and crude.
This strike of Fuxi's was sufficient to shatter the entire Chaotic Origin Great World. He had even controlled his strength slightly. At the very least, it should not be a problem for him to open this world.
But when this palm was sent out, that enormous Eight Trigrams palm imprint actually pierced through the 'world' and came out from the other side. It directly landed on the ring-shaped mountain range's Southern Peak. The entire Southern Peak did not even have the time to collapse before it was turned into powder.
Even though the power was extraordinary, it did not cause any damage to the burning world at all.
"The space has been isolated?" Mountain's eyebrows rose slightly.
Fuxi looked at his palm. His expression sank. He turned around and asked Mountain: "What is going on?"
In terms of understanding of space, Fuxi might not be as good as Mountain.
Mountain shook his head with a confused expression, "After the entire world was burned, it seems to have been separated from this space. This world no longer belongs to this space. I have never seen such a situation before."
"Could the Burning World … have such an effect?"
After all, this was the first time he saw someone burning a world. Fuxi did not expect such a situation to happen. He frowned. Only now did he realize that the situation within the world had gone out of his control.
Following that, Fuxi sent out a few more palm strikes towards that world. The ring-shaped mountain range in the surroundings was smashed into powder by the Eight Trigrams palm imprint. But even then, these forces could not touch that world. It was as if that world had turned into a mirage. One could see it but not touch it.
Outside the Chaotic Origin Great World, an uproar broke out. The leaders were all dispirited.
"Even Sir Human Emperor can't do anything?"
"Everyone is going to die inside?"
"Madman, he is truly a madman! To burn the world to such an extent, let alone those juniors, even we would lose a layer of skin even if we don't die! "
Heaven Palace, Li Abyss, Ear Rat …
The leaders of the various great clans were disheartened. They had traveled thousands of kilometers to participate in the Chaotic Origin Great World. Yet, all of them were going to die together with that madman. How could they accept this?
On the contrary, it was Shinno, the leaders of the Golden Crow Clan and the other clans who were secretly delighted.
Previously, many of their clansmen had been blown away by the hurricane. Even though some of them were rushing back, a significant portion of them were still outside the core region. Hence, their clans had suffered the least losses.
Especially Di An of the You Xiong Clan. He had already teleported out of the Chaotic Origin Great World. He sat at his original location and watched the show calmly. It's just that he felt some lingering fear as he watched the burning world.
"Hahahaha …"
"Don't even think about leaving!"
"Have a taste of the terror of the apocalypse!"
The voice of Evil Deities was still reverberating in this space.
'We can't leave?'
Luo Zheng's heart grew restless.
At this moment, the first black meteorite fell from the sky. And the place where it landed was where the group of Heaven Palace disciples were.
When Chou Xinghe and the others saw the meteorite above them, their faces turned pale.
If they were truly struck by this meteorite, they would definitely die without leaving behind any bones.
"Rise!"
Luo Zheng extended his hand, causing many green jade crystals to rise from the ground, blocking above the heads of the Heaven Palace disciples.
Even though these green jade crystals were incomparably tough, they were still easily destroyed by the meteorite formed from the black energy!
Seeing that the green jade crystals could not defend against the meteorite, Luo Zheng waved his hand again, causing several more green jade crystals to grow out from the ground. They wrapped around the Heaven Palace disciples and sent them to the other side.

Chapter 3112
"Bo!"
The firm ground spread out like water.
At the region where the black meteorite landed, there was an array. There were even some non-humans hiding within the array.
These non-humans had long given up on fighting for the Chaotic Origin Spirits. They only wanted to guard within the array and wait for the Chaotic Origin Great World to end before teleporting them out.
They originally thought that they could rest easy. Who would have thought that they would encounter such an unexpected calamity!
When the meteorite came crashing down, the light barrier of the array merely shook before it was destroyed. The non-humans within were vaporized by the energy of the meteorite.
"Bo!"
Closely following that, the second meteorite came crashing down.
This meteorite brushed past the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. The main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit had already reached its limit. 90% of the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals within its body were already exhausted. This meteorite merely brushed past the back of the main body, causing the remaining 10% of the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals to fall into exhaustion.
After losing the protection of the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals, the main body became extremely weak. Its back limbs were instantly shattered under the impact of the meteorite. Thousands and thousands of Chaotic Origin Spirits burst out from its wounds.
If it were any other time, all the geniuses would most likely fight for these Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals.
But now that this world was about to be destroyed, everyone was focused on escaping. Even the main body was fleeing for its life. Why would anyone care about those Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals?
But the cruel thing was that no one could escape from this world that was about to be destroyed.
'What should I do …' Luo Zheng asked in his heart.
"There is only one way." The Spirit of Green Jade answered.
"Hurry up and say it!" Luo Zheng urged.
"Before the entire world starts burning, find the Evil Deities and kill him." The Spirit of Green Jade added.
"How would I know where the Evil Deities are if I find him!" Luo Zheng was as anxious as an ant on a hot wok.
"The world he descends is abnormally perfect. There are almost no flaws. But the Evil Deities themselves have flaws. Try using your Sword Print Technique and True Vision." 9527 suddenly suggested.
After this reminder, Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He immediately flew up. The pupil of his right eye began emitting a dense white light.
"Weng!"
The two superimposed worlds presented themselves in Luo Zheng's eyes, revealing everything down to the tiniest details.
Luo Zheng's body kept circling in the air, observing, circling, and observing again. But how could there be any flaw in this chaotic world?
Buzz!
Driven by the True Meaning of Good and Evil, Luo Zheng pushed the Mind's Eye to the extreme.
The entire world became clearer.
In Luo Zheng's right eye, he could even see the fine holes in the stones on the ground and the hairs on the bodies of those foreigners.
However, the world of black and white remained motionless.
This was definitely not the way to go.
Just as Luo Zheng was feeling anxious, he thought of something and said, "I can burn my Mind's Eye!"
The power that erupted from the burning of the Paramita Token was definitely not something that could be compared to usual.
"You can't!" 9527 spoke up to stop him.
The Nirvana token could not be burned. This was common knowledge in the Chaos.
Even if the Pure Gold Sand in the First Heaven of the Paramita Realm was burned, it could also erupt with a lot of energy. However, once it was burned, it would violate the Rule of Truth of the Chaos. Under the backlash of the Truth, the entire inner world would turn into a sea of fire.
And the person who carried the Nirvana token would also be affected and die.
This was an unsurpassable iron law and truth!
When he was in the Divine Realm, someone in the Xuanyuan Guard had burned the Nirvana token and died very miserably.
"But, I have no way to break this!"
Luo Zheng's eyes were still looking around, but he still could not find any flaw in this world. Of course, he could not find the true body of the Evil Deities.
"Burn it," the Spirit of Green Jade suddenly said.
"You want to kill Luo Zheng?" 9527 asked.
"The backlash of the Rule of Truth triggered by the burning of the Nirvana token is indeed very strong, but we may be able to withstand it," the Spirit of Green Jade said. "The Instrument of Civilization is enough to help you withstand this consequence. Let me help you, Luo Zheng."
When the Green Jade Civilization was carried by Luo Zheng, their destinies were already bound together. Since the Spirit of Green Jade told Luo Zheng that it could help him withstand such consequences, Luo Zheng no longer had any scruples.
"Buzz!"
The Mind's Eye and the Instrument of Civilization carried in Luo Zheng's inner world flashed at the same time.
All the spiritual beings in the inner world felt an unusual energy fluctuation from the sky, and each of them opened their eyes wide in horror.
The Instrument of Civilization quickly unfolded. The originally diamond-shaped spikes continued to extend and bend, like a spider hanging upside down in the sky, surrounding the Mind's Eye.
After the Spirit of Green Jade was ready, Luo Zheng began to burn the Mind's Eye. The surface of the Mind's Eye suddenly ignited with a trace of flame!
"Crackle …"
At the same time that the eye in the Nirvana Realm emitted flames, Luo Zheng's right eye also burned. Even though Luo Zheng had crystallized, he could not resist the burning of the flame. The crystal body around the eye socket continued to explode, making crisp sounds. Cracks appeared one after another, and half of his face was affected.
His face was also shattered!
"Buzz …"
Through the burning Mind's Eye, the whole world once again presented a new scene.
Luo Zheng could clearly distinguish the composition of each material at a glance. How heavy a stone was, which direction it was ejected in, what shape it would roll in, and whether it would crack in the process of rolling.
These information were like seawater, gathering in his mind.
If it were not for his strong soul, these information would have already extinguished the fire of his memory!
"I see it!"
Luo Zheng saw several thin white lines on the ground, each of which was dozens of feet long. The thin lines were connected to each other, clearly outlining the shape of a person. At the intersection of the thin lines, there were five faint stripes.
"These stripes are the flaws?"
Under such circumstances, Luo Zheng could no longer think.
Even if the Spirit of the Green Jade could help Luo Zheng bear the cost of burning the Mind's Eye, the Mind's Eye could not be burned indefinitely. There was a time limit.
He turned into a stream of green light, arrived above the first white stripe, and fiercely bombarded it!
"Boom!"
Under the bombardment of this fist, layers of cracks bloomed on the white stripe, and it shattered with a loud bang. The two white lines that connected the white stripe dimmed as well.
"It works!"
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly, and he rushed toward the other white stripe.
The Evil Deities hiding in the world were originally laughing wildly, and their laughter echoed in the world that was being destroyed. They were extremely surprised when they found that Luo Zheng had accurately found the Gate of Life of this world.
After the Evil Deities reacted, three four-legged black snakes began to grow on the surface of the other four white stripes. The four-legged black snakes quickly turned into black crystal shields, and under the superposition of the three black crystal shields, the white stripes were completely covered.
"Break for me!"
Luo Zheng did not even think, and directly bombarded the black crystal shields.
"Boom!"
The three superimposed black crystal shields were shattered by Luo Zheng's attack. After Luo Zheng shattered this white stripe, he immediately rushed toward the next white stripe!

Chapter 3113
"Break!"
Luo Zheng didn't care how thick the black crystal shield was. All he knew was that every second he was late meant that this world was in more danger.
"Boom boom boom!"
After several strikes, the black crystal shield shattered along with the white stripes beneath it.
"Last one!"
Luo Zheng glanced over and saw a dense swarm of four-legged black snakes crawling on the ground. The four-legged black snakes were intertwined, forming a massive black crystal shield. The translucent crystal shield was covered with complex runes.
The wings on Luo Zheng's back suddenly flashed. He drew a beautiful arc through the air as his entire body drilled into the black crystal shield.
"Boom!"
Under the intense impact, the green jade crystal on Luo Zheng's body began to crack, but the black crystal shield remained completely unmoved.
"Again!"
Luo Zheng leapt high into the air, then slammed down again.
"Boom!"
With an ear-piercing boom, the black crystal remained completely unmoved!
By burning this world, the energy that the Evil Deities had obtained was on a completely different level than Luo Zheng's. The crystal shield that he had condensed from this energy was truly extraordinarily sturdy.
If he wanted to break through this shield, Luo Zheng would have no choice but to burn the green jade world!
But the green jade spirit would never allow this. Luo Zheng couldn't do this either. He couldn't be as crazy as the Evil Deities and burn away an entire civilization that supported him!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng leapt high into the air once more, slamming into the black crystal shield again and again.
As he slammed into it, more massive black meteors began to fall.
These black meteors didn't fall very quickly, giving the other people in the world enough time to dodge. But every time a black meteor came crashing down, it would create a massive wave of energy.
Anyone caught up in this wave of energy would be crushed to pieces.
Screams and screams could be heard …
Six or seven members of the Liyuan Clan were caught up in this wave of energy. One of them was the core member of the Liyuan Clan, Jin Sheng.
Even though Jin Sheng had activated his Golden Body, in the face of this black wave of energy, his Golden Body was as weak as paper. He was instantly torn to pieces, and after being caught up in the wave of energy, he didn't even have a corpse left.
"This way …"
Luo Yan guided Li Shan and the disciples of the Heavenly Palace as they ran madly through the waves of energy. As they were unable to escape this world, they could only move towards a relatively safe place.
"Shua!"
Three black meteorites came crashing down in a row, blocking the path ahead of them. Everyone's expression changed at the same time.
"It's blocked!" Chou Xue frowned.
"Left!"
"I can't get out!"
Seeing that they couldn't escape, everyone became very anxious. At times like this, life and death could be decided in an instant. How could there be time to think?
At this time, Luo Yan's eyes flashed with a touch of fierceness. He suddenly bit his lips and gently raised his hands to the sky, spitting out a word, "Wait!"
Luo Yan using Holy Words at this time was like a mantis trying to stop a chariot!
How could those huge black meteorites slow down in the slightest? They still maintained their original speed, pressing down on the group below. The energy wave behind them was like a black wave, rising higher and higher. In less than a breath's time, they would drown the group.
Luo Yan bit his lips so hard that blood spurted out. Blood flowed from his eyes, and the part of his arm that was exposed was covered in green scales.
"Bloodline Transformation?"
Ling Yun was dumbfounded when she saw this scene.
The human women who stayed on Li Shan all had the bloodline of the Nuwa Clan, but they didn't have the body of the Nuwa Clan. For example, although Feng Ge had the bloodline of the Golden Crow, he couldn't form wings like the Demonesses of the Hive.
Luo Yan's long legs were surrounded by a ray of light. His legs completely disappeared, turning into a green snake tail. He had become a complete member of the Nuwa Clan!
Then, cracks appeared on Luo Yan's forehead, and a small shaft emerged from the cracks.
This shaft looked ordinary, but it contained a mystical energy.
Fuxi stood outside the world helplessly. When he saw Luo Yan bring out the shaft, his expression remained calm.
But Mountain's expression changed drastically. Even when the Evil Deities and Luo Zheng descended into this world, he didn't have such a reaction. But when he saw that small shaft, his eyes were filled with disbelief.
"That is … an energy shaft?" Mountain asked with uncertainty.
Fuxi glanced at Mountain indifferently, "It is just an embryonic form, the only one who succeeded in nurturing it. But … shouldn't I kill you?"
Fuxi and Mountain and the Primal Chaos Ancient God behind Mountain were originally enemies. After entering the Chaotic Origin Great World, this conflict would become even more obvious. Naturally, he would not allow Mountain to obtain this information.
"It's useless even if you kill me. I'm not the only one who saw it. Unless you kill those leaders outside." Mountain chuckled.
Fuxi no longer spoke. His gaze remained fixed on Luo Yan.
Luo Yan's talent was very high. He was also very strong. He was one of the apex experts in the younger generation of Li Mountain.
But no matter how high his talent was, he wasn't worthy of Fuxi's attention.
The only reason was this energy shaft nurtured within Luo Yan's body.
There were once people who guessed that the structure of the entire Primal Chaos wasn't what the world saw.
Time, space, energy …
It merely gave people a sense of time passing.
As their senses grew stronger, the people of the world would have greater control over these things.
Space could be folded, spatial passages could be constructed, greater teleportation …
Time could be compressed and rewound …
Energy could be transformed …
There would always be sentient beings who spent their entire lives researching these things.
There was once someone who discovered a unique civilization in the Paramita called the Ji Chou Civilization.
This civilization wasn't considered strong. It wasn't even ranked in the top 1,000 of all civilizations. It could only be considered half a Ruler superpower. Furthermore, there was another powerful Ruler superpower in the Round of Primal Chaos where the Ji Chou Civilization was located.
The Ji Chou Civilization should have been weak. Not long after entering the Paramita, they were exterminated.
But it was this Ji Chou Civilization that nearly completed the Dao of Apocalypse!
The method they used was different from other civilizations. The Ji Chou Civilization did not place all their efforts on the Paramita. Furthermore, they concluded that it was impossible to complete the Dao of Apocalypse by relying on the Paramita.
In order to complete the Dao of Apocalypse, one had to understand the essence of the entire Primal Chaos. And the three great essences were Time, Space, and Energy.
According to their inference, regardless of whether it was Time or Space, they were all interchanges during the flow of energy. Their essence was still within the category of energy. As long as one could influence the flow of energy at a higher level, they could rebuild or even destroy everything.

Chapter 3114
According to the information left behind by the Ji Chou civilization, they had already obtained the method to control the energy axis.
When they were completing the Path of the End, they were disturbed by another dominator in the primal chaos and ended up with a grievance.
The supreme experts of the various superpowers in the Mother World had all heard of this civilization.
Most of them were disdainful and felt that the Ji Chou civilization was talking nonsense. There was no such thing as an energy axis in this world.
However, many superpowers were still very interested in it and spent a lot of manpower and resources to study it.
Despite their unremitting efforts, they still ended up with nothing.
Ancient God Hundu behind Mountain grasped the truth of space and had a natural advantage in understanding space. Naturally, he was very interested in the energy axis. The Ancient God of Primal Chaos had even guessed the embryonic form of the energy axis.
It was similar to the axis that appeared on Luo Yan's forehead, so Mountain recognized it at first glance. However, he was still very uncertain. After all, no one had seen it before, and they were not even sure if it existed!
The moment Luo Yan took out the energy axis, it suddenly deflected and formed a strange traction force.
The strands of energy within the black meteorites began to converge towards the energy axis!
The energy axis was still very weak, but it could already exert a special energy. As the energy axis deflected, it could absorb any energy in the surroundings.
"Slow!"
Luo Yan spat out another word.
The energy absorbed in the energy axis instantly spread as Luo Yan spat out that word.
"Weng …"
The surrounding space surged.
The tide of energy rushing toward Li Shan and the disciples of the Heavenly Palace suddenly became viscous, and the falling black meteorites became slower and slower.
When everyone saw this scene, hope reignited in their eyes.
"Let's go!"
Taking advantage of the three meteorites falling, the group finally made it through.
However, even though they were far away from the disaster, they still could not escape from the danger. As the entire world burned, the energy released would only become more chaotic and more intense!
Luo Yan was not very proficient in controlling the energy axis. Moreover, the energy axis itself was very weak and could not help them escape.
"Boom! Boom! Boom! "
Luo Zheng bombarded the surface of the black crystal shield again and again, but in the end, this crystal shield did not have the slightest reaction. Its stability was far beyond imagination.
During this process, Luo Zheng's inner world was also turned upside down.
The Sanskrit characters that carried the Mind's Eye trembled incessantly and ignited the power of the Law of Truth. After the Tool of Civilization stretched out, all the power of the backlash was limited, but even so, the occasional wisp of energy that escaped could cause considerable damage to the inner world!
"Luo Zheng, the Mind's Eye can only burn for three breaths of time," the Jade Spirit reminded him.
After three breaths of time, even if Luo Zheng smashed the black crystal shield, he still couldn't find the white pattern!
As his thoughts raced, he suddenly raised his hand and a long sword shot out from his spatial ring!
"Zeng"
"Tengshe Sword!"
Luo to to Luo Luo to, Luo to Luo, Luo Yue, of Luo Luo to Luo, Luo Luo Luo, Luo o Luo as well..
However, Luo Zheng had no other choice.
"Imperial Sword Seal!"
"Sword Fate Eternal True Meaning!"
At the instant the Sword "Seal was activated, True Meaning of Dao gushed into it. At the same time, it activated the power of the Sword of Tengshe.
Even though Luo Zheng did not cultivate much of the True Comprehension Chapter, when those white energy whirlpools gushed in, the ancient Sword of Tengshe let out a light that completely enveloped Luo Zheng!
"That sword!"
Outside the Chaotic Origin Great World, a leader shouted.
From the start, Luo Zheng had been attacking a certain place in this world. These leaders could roughly deduce that this place should be the face of this world.
But after Luo Zheng's repeated attacks failed, they were extremely disappointed. Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would actually take out the Sword of Tengshe at the very last moment!
"It's the Sword of Tengshe …"
"That sword is actually in his hands!"
"Who exactly is he!? After exterminating the Nine Li Tribe, we have not been able to find this sword. That is why we have been searching for the remaining survivors. Could he be a member of the Nine Li Tribe? "
Previously, when the Evil Deities absorbed the bloodline sacred ability, they had already seen the three heads and six arms appear. They already knew that there were members of the Nine Li Tribe in the core region.
Now, the greatest suspicion was placed on Luo Zheng alone.
Qiu Yinhe stared at the Sword Seal on Luo Zheng's chest.
The Sword Seal could indeed push the power of a treasure sword to the limit. And Luo Zheng had even deciphered a portion of the True Comprehension Chapter. The power it could unleash would only be stronger!
When Luo Zheng poured his True Meaning of Dao into it, he could feel a strand of consciousness coming from the Sword of Tengshe on his arm. That consciousness was extremely clear.
It was thirsty …
It needed to fuse more True Meaning of Dao!
But Luo Zheng had already poured all his Sword Fate Eternal True Meaning into it. The True Meaning of Dao was unlike the Paramita Energy which could be replenished with God Crystals.
"A Thought True Meaning of Good and Evil?"
"True Meaning of Dao Technique Nature?"
Luo Zheng quickly urged the other two True Meanings.
However, Qiu Yinhe's Sword Seal complemented the Sword Fate Eternal True Meaning. It was originally mutually exclusive with the other two True Meanings of Dao. Luo Zheng couldn't pour it in at all.
"Pour in the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction?" Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat.
He didn't think too much about it. At this critical moment, he could only brace himself and try. Just as this thought flashed through his mind, the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction began to pour into the Sword Seal. This time, the Sword Seal didn't reject it!
"Slash!"
After Luo Zheng pulled away, he held the sword in one hand and slashed at the black crystal shield below.
Countless snake shadows swooped down. These small snakes weren't energy bodies, but real snakes!
"This snake is actually real?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
He didn't know much about Tengshe's Sword. Because of the Jiuli Tribe's sensitive relationship, he didn't know much about it even when he came to the Mother World.
He didn't expect that after Luo Zheng poured in the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction, the snake in Tengshe's Sword actually came to life and had a real body!
These small snakes hit the surface of the black crystal shield and actually melted into it one by one!
After tens of thousands of small snakes melted into the black crystal shield, they temporarily calmed down. The surface of the black crystal shield didn't change at all. It still emitted a dark light, and the patterns inside were faintly flickering.
"It's ineffective?"
"Even Tengshe's Sword can't cut open this black crystal shield?"
The burning flame in Luo Zheng's right eye was extinguished bit by bit. If this attack couldn't break open the black crystal shield, he wouldn't have another chance.
"Pop, pop …"
The black crystal shield made a slight sound. This sound was inaudible in the burning world, but Luo Zheng still caught it with his sharp senses.

Chapter 3115
"This layer of black crystal shield has been restored?"
Luo Zheng was shocked, and then he revealed a look of ecstasy.
There was a difference between the True Intent of Three Spirits Creation and the other True Intents of the Thirteen Gates of Dao. It could create things, but it could also restore matter back to its original form. He had poured the True Intent of Three Spirits Creation into the Imperial Sword Seal by accident. He didn't expect it to have such an effect!
"Crack crack crack …"
More and more cracks appeared on the surface of the black crystal shield, and they were all restored to black energy.
When the black crystal shield was completely cracked, it finally collapsed, and the last white mark appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate and slashed the white mark with his sword!
When the sword light slashed, Luo Zheng felt the whole world tremble. The ground not far away trembled, and a big hole appeared. The real body of the Evil Deities was spat out from the hole, and it collapsed on the ground, unable to move.
Luo Zheng glanced at the Evil Deities and walked toward the Evil Deities with the Sword Tengshe, "Now it's really over."
The Evil Deities looked terrible. After burning the world, the punishment of truth also fell on its inner world. How could it feel good?
Even so, it still had a smile on its face, "Do you think you can stop the world from being destroyed by killing me? Now, no one can stop it, not me, not you, hahaha …"
"What!" Luo Zheng frowned. At the same time, he asked the Spirit of the Green Jade in his mind, "The burning world can't be stopped?"
"I'm not sure …" the Spirit of the Green Jade replied, "To be honest, the Instrument of Civilization is different from other Nirvana tokens. If I don't let Luo Zheng burn it, you can't burn the Instrument of Civilization. If the Green Jade World is burning, I can stop it."
The Instrument of Civilization in the Evil Deities' body represented a civilization, and this civilization must have a helmsman like the Spirit of the Green Jade. The Spirit of the Green Jade did not understand how the Evil Deities persuaded the helmsman to burn the Instrument of Civilization.
"Doesn't that mean there's no way to solve it …" Luo Zheng's face darkened.
The Spirit of the Green Jade fell silent. There was indeed no easy solution to this situation.
Seeing Luo Zheng's gloomy face, Evil Deities became happier, "Take me back. I still have many secrets, many valuable secrets. Unfortunately, you can't enjoy them. You'll die here with me — —"
At this moment, the black-and-white world suddenly trembled again.
The huge four-legged black snake that was still condensing into black meteors suddenly disappeared, along with the meteors that contained destruction. The energy tide that was surging all over the ground also vanished.
Evil Deities were shocked when they sensed the changes in their surroundings. "No, no, you can't stop! He absolutely could not stop! I am your master, you cannot betray me! "
Evil Deities roared with all their might.
But no matter how hard he roared, he couldn't stop the energy from disappearing.
After a while, even the black-and-white world created by Evil Deities disappeared …
The people who were still running for their lives also stopped in shock. Just a moment ago, the world had been destroyed, but now it was calm. Only the Green Jade World emitted a gentle and sharp green light.
"Has the world been burned clean?"
"That doesn't seem right … If the whole world was burned clean, we wouldn't be able to survive!"
"It should have been stopped!"
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what had happened, he quickly made a guess based on Evil Deities' reaction.
Evil Deities also controlled the Tool of Civilization, but this Tool of Civilization seemed to be completely controlled by Evil Deities. There might not be a master like the Spirit of the Green Jade World, or the master was still asleep.
When the Evil God began to burn the entire world, it finally woke up the helmsman. He took action to stop the burning world.
The specific process might be different, but it should be as Luo Zheng speculated!
Evil Deities was still roaring, his face full of unwillingness.
This kind of situation was simply more unbearable than killing him!
Just as Evil Deities were still roaring, Luo Zheng stepped toward Evil Deities, lifted him up, and absorbed him into his Inner World.
If it was someone else who wanted to absorb him into his Inner World, he would need the other party's approval, but Evil Deities were originally creatures from his Inner World. If Luo Zheng wanted to take them back, he didn't need to consider Evil Deities' feelings at all.
In the blink of an eye, Evil Deities had been completely absorbed by Luo Zheng's Inner World.
"Hu …"
Evil Deities fell from the sky in his Inner World. Before they could hit the ground, golden ropes strangely appeared and completely entangled Evil Deities.
In Luo Zheng's Inner World, Evil Deities had no room to resist.
Furthermore, in his current state, he could not resist at all.
Looking at the unfolding Civilization Tool, Evil Deities' expression did not change. He had lost his momentum. All his schemes and ambitions had turned into bubbles.
After defeating Evil Deities, Luo Zheng's gaze swept across. When he saw Luo Yan, Ling Shuang, Feng Ge, Lan Qing, and others safe and sound, he felt relieved.
The disciples of the Heaven Palace and the Nuwa Clansmen of Li Shan suffered casualties too. But a battle of this level was unavoidable. This situation was already the best. The other superpowers and great clans had suffered even more casualties …
Fuxi remained standing by the boundary of his Green Jade World. He finally let out a sigh of relief.
The edge of Mountain's lips curled upwards. He was happy to see Evil Deities die. But he also remembered that Luo Zheng would likely be his greatest opponent in the future.
…
…
More than half of that Chaotic Origin Spirit's body had been split apart. It fell to the side and stopped moving.
Many Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals were embedded in the body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
After the crisis, everyone turned their attention back to the body of the mother. Some of the other races became excited once again.
But none dared to move a single step.
Evil Deities's Black and White World had disappeared. But the Green Jade World remained. Luo Zheng's crystallized body remained.
Even such a powerful Evil God was defeated by this guy. Who among the clansmen present would dare to disobey him? Recklessly snatching those Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals was akin to courting death.
"Hu …"
Luo Zheng gently flapped his wings and flew towards the disciples of the Heaven Palace and the people of Li Shan.
"Brother …" Luo Yan also flew towards Luo Zheng. He extended his hand and gently caressed that crystallized face of Luo Zheng, "What happened to your eye …"
One of Luo Zheng's eyes was gone, and half of his face was shattered. He did look a little miserable.
"Eye? I'm fine! " Luo Zheng chuckled. Strands of crystals were condensing on his face. Those cracks were rapidly mended by the Green Jade Crystal, restoring his face to its original state. This crystal originally did not belong to Luo Zheng's body. Hence, he was fine.

Chapter 3116
After consoling Luo Yan with a few words, Luo Zheng discovered that his little sister's legs had disappeared. Instead, they were replaced by a snake tail.
He frowned and asked: "Yan 'er, what happened to your legs?"
When her big brother saw this half-human half-snake body, Luo Yan revealed an unnatural expression.
She had already kept the energy axis. Naturally, she did not need to maintain this form.
Luo Yan's green snake tail wriggled and was enveloped by light. Following that, a pair of snow-white legs appeared from the light. After that, Luo Yan said: "This is Li Shan's bloodline sacred technique."
"Bloodline sacred technique? It can transform? " Luo Zheng knew that Feng Ge had the Golden Crow bloodline sacred technique too. Yet Feng Ge could not transform. The situation should not be as simple as what Luo Yan said?
Luo Yan answered vaguely. It was as though she did not want her big brother to know too much.
Luo Zheng could only give up after asking a few more questions. Following that, he flapped his wings once again. At the same time, he used a low and ethereal voice to announce: "The Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals will be distributed first between the Heavenly Palace disciples and the Li Shan Clansmen!"
Luo Zheng's voice was sometimes close and sometimes far. It reverberated within the entire Green Jade World and reached the ears of everyone.
When the remaining non-humans heard Luo Zheng's words, they did not express any objections.
Everyone could only hold 200 Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals at most. Now that the various great clans had suffered huge losses, there should still be plenty left even if the Heavenly Palace disciples and the Li Shan Clansmen were to distribute them.
Luo Zheng gently floated onto the body of the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother. Chou Xun led the Heavenly Palace disciples and Ling Yun led the Li Shan Clansmen over. They began distributing the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals.
Just as Luo Zheng was retrieving the crystals from the body of the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Mother, he suddenly discovered a dense aura coming from within its body.
Luo Zheng revealed a puzzled look. He gently extended his hand and sliced through the air, causing the mother body to be cut open. Many Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals flowed out. And within these Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals, there were many scarlet-gold crystals!
'This is also a Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal?' Luo Zheng was slightly startled.
The others present also saw the reddish-gold crystals. The Li Mountain clansmen and the Heavenly Palace disciples were fine, but the eyes of the other clansmen were burning with passion.
This time, it could be said that they had poked into the nest of the Chaotic Origin Spirit's mother body. This mother body had been hiding in the Master Peak for so many years, yet it only nurtured ordinary crystals within its body? Would something else appear?
This thought had always lingered in their minds. They would only investigate it after the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was completely destroyed.
In the end, the main body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was indeed killed. But it could only watch as Luo Zheng picked the Chaotic Origin Spirits …
There were only several hundred of these golden red crystals. Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. He reached out his hand and picked out these special colored crystals, placing them into his spatial ring.
"Slash …"
Following that, Luo Zheng once again slashed out with his hand, causing an even bigger hole to appear on the body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
The moment the hole was cut open, a strange power came from it.
"Bo bo bo bo bo bo …"
Deep within the body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit, dozens of circular light rings shot out and floated in midair.
The moment these light rings appeared, they attracted the attention of everyone.
Fuxi and Mountain both stared at the light rings. They had a pensive look.
'What are these light rings …'
Luo Zheng had a puzzled look as he flew up. He extended his hand and was about to grab the first light ring.
But at this moment, a rush of breathing could be heard coming from that spatial crack by the boundary of the Snow Drinking Continent.
Following that, its huge body squeezed out, causing a body several tens of thousands of meters in size to drill out from the spatial crack. As the spatial crack expanded, the earth quaked and the mountains trembled!
"Hua!"
At the moment when this huge object drilled out from the spatial crack, its body flashed slightly before it charged into the Chaotic Origin Great World.
It completely disregarded the shackles of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
This huge object suddenly appeared above the heads of everyone. It was emitting an unparalleled evil intent!
When the clansmen of the various superpowers saw this object, their bodies stiffened. Their throats turned dry. Even their souls were trembling intensely.
That huge object had a pair of pitch-black fleshy wings. Streaks of blood-colored lightning were flowing on those fleshy wings. It had a huge head with a huge eyeball embedded in it. This eyeball was even surrounded by lightning. It was actually a One-eyed Bat with lightning revolving around it.
What sort of savage object was this …
Standing under this savage object, they could barely think, much less call for help or escape …
Even the calm Mountain paled in the face of such a ferocious beast.
When the leaders at the entrance of the Chaotic Origin Great World saw this savage object, they revealed a look of horror.
"Oh no! We forgot about this vile beast! "
When Fuxi saw this savage object, his expression changed greatly.
He had been standing on the peak of the snow mountain. On one hand, he wanted to imitate the black ship and act recklessly. On the other hand, he wanted to protect this vile beast.
But just now, other than saving Luo Yan, he had actually forgotten about this vile beast when he entered the Chaotic Origin Great World!
"Hua!"
That One-eyed Bat swung its huge claws at Luo Zheng. Even though its body was ridiculously huge, its speed was still shockingly fast.
Luo Zheng's pupils dilated slightly before his entire crystallized body was shattered by this claw.
At the moment when its claws came down, it also grabbed those circular rings. Lightning flashed on its huge wings. It was about to escape.
"Weng!"
At this moment, a black and white Eight Trigrams diagram appeared on the body of the One-eyed Bat. Fuxi had already punched out.
"Hong!"
Huge fragments exploded in space. That One-eyed Bat received this attack head-on. Its huge body was sent tumbling dozens of times before landing outside the ring-shaped mountain range.
Even though this One-eyed Bat was in a sorry state, it did not suffer much damage after receiving Fuxi's Eight Trigrams Seal head-on.
"Hand over those things!"
Fuxi roared. His voice was like a thunderclap.
The ear of Mountain who was not far away from him was directly ruptured. An arrow of blood shot out. He was sent flying. The others had also lost their hearing at this moment.
Fuxi leaped up. His body instantly expanded and became incomparably huge!
Fuxi was one of the hegemons who rose at the beginning of the Primal Chaos. Naturally, he cultivated the Desolate God Body. Even though the True Meaning of Sacred Body was forbidden, he still possessed the Desolate God Body.
"Weng!"
Another Eight Trigrams Seal appeared on the body of that One-eyed Bat. At the moment Fuxi struck out with his palm, the One-eyed Bat let out a sharp cry. Its wings flapped, and blood-colored lightning intertwined with each other as it welcomed Fuxi's palm.
"Hong long long …"

Chapter 3117
Fuxi was blasted several tens of thousands of kilometers away by this force. He smashed into the core region of the Western Peak, causing the Western Peak to collapse. As for the One-eyed Bat, it landed on the periphery of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
A battle of this level was unimaginable for the younger generation. As long as they were slightly affected by the shockwaves, they would die without a doubt.
But other than Shan who could evade using spatial teleportation, the others could only stand where they were. It was pointless for them to dodge or not.
When the One-eyed Bat flipped once again, a bolt of lightning revolved around it. A huge spatial passage appeared in front of it.
It came here today not to fight with Fuxi.
Since it succeeded, it decided to leave!
"Hua!"
Its huge body entered the spatial passage. In the blink of an eye, it disappeared from sight.
But at a certain location high up in the sky, an Eight Trigrams Seal appeared.
Fuxi who stood on the ground punched out with his fist!
"Bo!"
The Eight Trigrams Seal exploded.
The huge body of the One-eyed Bat fell out of the spatial passage!
"How can it be so easy for you to escape after getting what you want?" Fuxi's face was filled with anger.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit was a method used by all races in the Mother World to strengthen themselves. At the same time, the Chaotic Origin Spirit carried with it a huge mystery that had yet to be solved.
What exactly was the Chaotic Origin Spirit that was reared in both the Chaotic Origin Sea and the Chaotic Origin Great World?
Was it a Paramita Lifeform or a lifeform in the real world? If the Chaotic Origin Spirit could rely on its unique characteristics to appear in the Primal Chaos, then wouldn't the countless powerful existences in the Paramita World be able to return to the Primal Chaos through certain methods?
These mysteries had been circulating among the various great races ever since the unique characteristics of the Chaotic Origin Spirit were discovered. But they had never been solved.
Until this time, there was a change!
A Dreadful Eye Devil appeared in the Main Peak of the Chaotic Origin Great World. Naturally, it attracted the attention of Li Shan.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit had to reproduce after descending before it could survive in the Primal Chaos. But the Dreadful Eye Devil appeared directly. It did not descend. Instead, it truly appeared in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
One could imagine how shocked Li Shan was.
Originally, Li Shan planned to explore the Chaotic Origin Great World after it closed. But the Chaotic Origin Sea in the Paramita World had a problem, causing the situation to become complicated.
Hence, Li Shan gave Luo Yan the Moment of Heroic Moment before she entered the Chaotic Origin Great World.. It was for her Luo Li Shan...
.... Of Of Of of Chaos....................... and................ of of Luo.
Even though this huge eye was bizarre, Fuxi could sense that the crux of the problem should not be this huge eye. The reason why this huge eye could appear in the Chaotic Origin Great World was because of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
. of Luo was was of......... for a............
When Luo Zheng dug out the rings, Fuxi was still wondering if these rings were the key to the descent of the giant eye. Who would have thought that the One-eyed Bat would have already dashed out and snatched them away from him!
How could Fuxi agree to it?
After blasting the One-eyed Bat out of the spatial tunnel, he executed Great Teleportation and appeared beside the One-eyed Bat. The two of them fought for a while before using Great Teleportation once again to rush out of the Chaotic Origin Great World. They tunneled into the sky above the Drinking Snow Prefecture …
Seeing Fuxi and that One-eyed Bat getting further and further away from each other, the cultivators in the Core Region heaved a sigh of relief.
"If I'm not wrong, that should be one of the Ten Great Savage Beasts, Lightning Xiao! Zhi zhi! "An Eared Mouse squeaked.
"Is that a real Lightning Xiao? I've only seen it in the illustrated handbook … "
"Nonsense! How could ordinary savage beasts withstand a palm strike from a Human Emperor? Only such heaven-defying existences could withstand it! "
Many of the non-humans had a look of lingering fear on their faces. They had just escaped from that apocalyptic tribulation, yet they encountered one of the Ten Great Savage Beasts, Lightning Xiao. This trip to the Chaotic Origin Great World was truly a unique experience for them.
"Where's Luo Zheng …" Feng Ge blinked his eyes as he scanned his surroundings.
Previously, Luo Zheng and Evil Deities had displayed their World Inheritance techniques. Even after their pure energy bodies were extinguished, they did not seem to die.
At least, Evil Deities did not die even after being slashed to the size of an infant by Luo Zheng. But Feng Ge was still slightly worried. Luo Yan, Ling Shuang, Lan Qing and the others were also searching for traces of Luo Zheng.
At this moment, the entire Green Jade World flashed. Suddenly, a crack appeared on the ground of the world.
"Peng!"
Luo Zheng's body was directly ejected out from that crack. Both of his feet landed firmly on the ground.
Seeing Luo Zheng safe and sound, everyone heaved a sigh of relief.
Luo Zheng looked up. Through the Chaotic Origin Great World, he could vaguely see the enormous figures of Fuxi and the One-eyed Bat. The sounds produced from the battle between the two were like thunder in the distant sky.
Luo Zheng could only watch from the sidelines. Clearly, he did not care about Fuxi for now. The most important thing was to distribute the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals.
Luo Zheng had kept all those scarlet-gold crystals. But Luo Zheng did not get a single ring. That was a pity.
…
…
Outside the Drinking Snow Prefecture …
A black ship was floating alone in the sky.
Shen Tu, who was wearing a black gown, sat on the deck. There was a small bottle in front of her. Within the bottle was a clump of black mist. This mist vaguely outlined the figure of a person.
On that snow-white face, a pair of red eyes stared at the figure within the small bottle. She did not utter a single word. Instead, she frowned slightly, "How could that brat be defeated? The Ship Captain has divined that he would face a great calamity. He shouldn't have died …"
"Evil Deities, that brat is indeed not dead." A voice came from the side of Shen Tu.
The person who spoke was emitting a brass-colored light. His entire body seemed to be made out of copper. He looked extremely strange. Even his voice carried a metallic taste.
"He was defeated. Furthermore, he was taken back by his former master. What's the difference between this and death?" Shen Tu said unwillingly.
If not for her fear of Fuxi's strength, Shen Tu would have entered the Snow Drinking Province and forced Luo Zheng to hand over the Evil Deities.
The 'copper man' shook his head and said, "The Ship Captain said that Evil Deities might be the same person as that brat called Luo Zheng."
Shen Tu rolled her eyes and said, "Living beings born in the inner world naturally belong to the same person. But once they leave the inner world, they no longer belong to the same person. Is there a need to remind me of this?"
The inner world was formed by 'my' consciousness. To the inner world, 'I' was everything. 'I' was the master. Everything within the inner world belonged to me. This was not an exaggeration.
"No, you have misunderstood." The copper man shook his head and said, "Shen Tu, do you remember Gui Qing?"

Chapter 3118
The Black Ship's path was long and unstoppable.
No matter how many ships there were, there were only thirteen people who were qualified to become a member of the Black Ship.
Gui Qing was once a member of the Black Ship.
When Gui Qing joined the Black Ship, his strength was ranked thirteenth, the last person.
But in a short time, Gui Qing rose up and surpassed everyone on the Black Ship in one fell swoop. He was only ranked below the ship's captain and became the number two person of the Black Ship.
At that time, the Black Ship was also prosperous until Gui Qing betrayed them and killed the other six crew members.
For this reason, the ship's captain chased Gui Qing all the way and even made a huge concession to let some super forces join forces to finally kill Gui Qing.
This past was too long ago, and because it involved the Black Ship, it was almost never spread outside.
Shen Tu had always felt regret. If Gui Qing hadn't been crazy and angered the Heavens, he might have been able to replace the ship's captain and even become the strongest person in the Mother World!
After Gui Qing was killed, Shen Tu and the others realized that Gui Qing's birth was not accidental.
He was the embodiment of the resentment and hatred of the entire Mother World. Such a temperament was indeed very suitable for joining the Black Ship. In addition to his amazing talent and luck, he also had endless destructive tendencies. It was not surprising that he would eventually do something that would harm the Black Ship.
"You mean, Evil Deities are also the embodiment of the resentment of the Mother World?" Shen Tu's face showed surprise.
Thinking about it carefully, Evil Deities and Gui Qing did have many similarities. Their demeanor, aura, style, and even crazy methods.
It was just that Evil Deities' realm was lower.
But Shen Tu thought about it and said, "But he is the person from the Inner World called Luo Zheng … He is not from the Mother World! It's just a trivial Inner World. "
This point alone was enough to deny the ship's captain's guess.
The copper man smiled and said, "What if Luo Zheng's Inner World is a place of origin?"
Shen Tu's body suddenly paused and his red eyes suddenly widened, "This … is impossible, right?"
The bronze man didn't argue with Shen Tu and only said, "It's indeed a pity that the Evil Deities were taken back, but to be honest, such a guy is hard to control. If he becomes stronger in the future, he might become a second Green Ghost and bite us back."
The people on the black ship were indeed crazy, but they were not crazy to the point where they had no scruples like the Evil Deities.
He was the one who had found the Evil Deities' Weapon of Civilization, and yet, this brat had dared to burn it. He was even more daring than Ghostgreen had been.
Shen Tu's mood was somewhat complicated.
Back then, she was very infatuated with Green Ghost, and Evil Deities were very similar to Green Ghost. This was another reason why she supported Evil Deities.
Having been taken back by Luo Zheng, Shen Tu felt very disappointed and unwillingly asked, "Then shouldn't we investigate that little brat Luo Zheng?"
The black ship and Luo Zheng didn't have much hatred. Now that the Evil Deities had been taken back, it seemed like a good choice to target Luo Zheng.
"He's a disciple of Tai Yi Heavenly Palace, and that old guy Donghuang is not to be trifled with. This matter ends here, maybe the ship's boss can only make arrangements," the bronze man continued, "Regardless of this, the rings that Lei Meng suddenly snatched seem to have something to do with connecting to the other side.
Should we make a move? "the bronze man asked.
Shen Tu had just put most of her thoughts on the Evil Deities, and when the bronze man mentioned business, she came back to her senses and said, "Let's not make a move first, it's best to wait for Lei Meng to successfully escape, then we can intercept him."
"What if Fuxi leaves Lei Meng behind?" the bronze man asked again.
"Then give up," Shen Tu's red eyes flashed slightly, full of decisiveness.
The black ship would rather offend Lei Meng than provoke Li Shan.
…
…
After experiencing the destruction of Luo Zheng, the Evil Deities, Fuxi, and Lei Meng in the core zone, only a third of the arrays remained.
After the Heavenly Palace disciples, Li Shan Tribesmen, Lan Qing, Huo Ze, and the other Nine Li Tribesmen were allocated enough Chaotic Origin Crystals, they entered the arrays contentedly and began fusing with the Chaotic Origin Crystals.
"Big Brother, I'll go first, I'll go first!" Lan Qing giggled.
A single array could gather many people, but only one person could fuse with the Chaotic Origin Crystals at a time.
Lan Qing, Huo Ze, and the others were already very satisfied.
Even though the journey to the Chaotic Origin Great World was perilous, and they nearly died a few times, they still managed to obtain what they desired in the end. To the remnants of the Nine Li Tribe, this was the best outcome they could get.
Huo Ze's thoughts were more complicated than Lan Qing's.
Previously, Luo Zheng's performance had far surpassed the imagination of Huo Ze and the others. But after witnessing the battle between Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities, Huo Ze was no longer clear of Luo Zheng's strength. He could no longer judge how strong Luo Zheng was.
What would his grandfather think when he heard this news?
Lan Qing naturally did not think as much as her brother. After sitting down cross-legged, she placed all the Chaotic Origin Crystals into her inner world.
There were many ways to absorb the Chaotic Origin Crystals. Swallowing them into one's stomach and forcing them into one's organs, limbs, or the instant they entered one's inner world, it would be pulled out and moved along one's meridians.
The goriest way was to press the crystals into one's body. When 200 Chaotic Origin Crystals pierced into one's body, one's entire body would be covered in blood.
Even though Lan Qing had used the easiest method, the little finger-sized crystal still caused quite a bit of damage along the way as it traveled through her meridians. At the same time, it also caused an extremely intense pain. Throughout the entire process, her little face was scrunched up tightly as she endured the intense pain.
Only when all the Chaotic Origin Crystals were evenly distributed did Lan Qing activate the array. Her entire body was enveloped in light.
"Weng …"
These arrays in the Chaotic Origin Great World were primarily used to catalyze the Chaotic Origin Crystals, allowing them to completely fuse with the fleshy body.
This fusion was permanent. After catalyzing the crystals, they would become a part of the fleshy body. It was different from the fusion of the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit and the Queen Ant that Luo Zheng encountered.
Hence, even if one killed a Chaotic Origin Expert, it was impossible to extract the Chaotic Origin Crystals from his body.
Under the catalysis of the array, Lan Qing's frowning eyebrows gradually relaxed. The Chaotic Origin Crystals that were originally embedded into Lan Qing's body gradually softened, turning into soybean-sized light spots that adorned her limbs and bones. They had already become a part of her body.
Previously, when Lan Qing utilized the Paramita Energy, she could only place it on the Rainbow Stone. The Rainbow Stone could unleash a strength of more than a thousand Divine Jun when it was fully unleashed. But she could not guide that strength into her fleshy body.
Much less Lan Qing, even Luo Zheng's fleshy body could not withstand the Divine Jun Energy of the Mighty God Totem before entering the Chaotic Origin Great World.
But after fusing with the Chaotic Origin Crystals, she could utilize the Paramita Energy much more freely.

Chapter 3119
When Lan Qing finished fusing with the crystal, the array shook, causing the space to fluctuate.
The array sensed that Lan Qing had stepped into the Chaotic Origin Realm and opened a spatial passage.
Lan Qing stood up and took a step into the spatial passage. A light shot up from the array, and she was teleported out of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Next, it was her big brother's turn to die.
Within another array, Luo Zheng sat cross-legged by himself. He closed his eyes and entered meditation.
He did not immediately fuse with the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystal. In reality, the battle between him and Evil Deities had yet to end.
"Hua …"
An inner incarnation was gradually forming in his inner world.
When Luo Zheng formed his inner incarnation, the Green Jade Spirit and 9527 also transformed into their human forms and appeared by his left and right.
"Let's go."
The moment Luo Zheng finished speaking, the three of them disappeared from the sky.
Within a certain mountain within his inner world, there was a small stream flowing within a spacious cavern.
Evil Deities lay at the center of the cavern. Many golden ropes bound him tightly, preventing him from moving.
His eyes were tightly shut. He did not say a single word. His face was filled with indifference.
When Luo Zheng's group of three appeared within the cavern, Evil Deities opened his eyes. The edge of his lips curled upwards as if he was mocking Luo Zheng and himself.
Luo Zheng sized up Evil Deities. He extended his hand and lightly pointed at Evil Deities.
"Ci la!"
The golden ropes binding Evil Deities broke apart. He had regained his freedom.
At the moment when Luo Zheng let go of Evil Deities, the eyes of Evil Deities flashed with intense killing intent. His originally stiff body became extremely natural. He charged towards Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed. With a flip of his hand, a black dragon-patterned broken blade appeared in his hand!
"Pu!"
This black dragon-patterned broken blade was clearly a rare supreme treasure. The broken blade instantly pierced through Luo Zheng's chest, piercing through Luo Zheng's body.
After Luo Zheng's inner incarnation was pierced, his body twitched twice before becoming charred black. With a 'putong', he fell to the ground without any resistance.
The Green Jade Spirit and 9527 did not show any changes in their expressions when they saw this scene.
It was just an inner incarnation in his inner world. Evil Deities could not take away Luo Zheng's life here.
"Weng!"
Not too far away, a strand of brown energy condensed, Luo Zheng's body once again.
.......................................................
One time, two times, three times …
After more than ten kills, Evil Deities was so tired that he was panting. A pair of evil eyes stared at Luo Zheng, as if he wanted to swallow Luo Zheng in one bite.
"Devour me. Since I came from this world, I should be a part of this world," Evil Deities said proudly.
In Evil Deities' dictionary, there was no such thing as admitting defeat. He was never willing to live an ignoble life.
Luo Zheng stared at Evil Deities indifferently, but said, "You originally belonged to this world. Devouring you is what I should do. I did plan to do so before, but now I've changed my mind."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Evil Deities was slightly stunned, "What do you mean?"
Luo Zheng waved his hand gently. Without any spatial fluctuations, a graceful woman's figure appeared in the cave.
This woman was wearing a simple and elegant white dress. Her face was bright and beautiful.
She still did not understand why she entered the cave, but after seeing Evil Deities in the cave, her face immediately lit up with joy, "Husband! You're back! You're really back! "
The woman cried tears of joy and threw herself at Evil Deities.
"Yuzhu …" Evil Deities hugged her in his arms.
Before leaving Luo Zheng's inner world, Evil Deities knew that he had to part ways with Luo Zheng.
The only person in Luo Zheng's inner world that he missed was Yuzhu.
Even so, Evil Deities did not bid farewell to Yuzhu when they parted. This parting might be eternal.
He did not expect that he would return to this place with the passage of time, and Yuzhu had been waiting for his return.
Just as Yuzhu hugged Evil Deities with a face full of happiness, she suddenly felt a chill in her chest. The broken blade with a black dragon pattern had pierced through her soft chest.
Yuzhu opened her eyes wide and looked at her husband with a puzzled face, "Husband, why … did you kill me?"
Evil Deities gently stroked Yuzhu's face with his hand, his eyes revealing a rare gentleness.
"I'll come and die with you soon," Evil Deities said as he looked at Luo Zheng, "If you want to erase me or fuse with me, please do it quickly. This kind of trick is just a waste of time."
Evil Deities originally thought that he would die and there was nothing to be afraid of. However, Yuzhu's appearance disturbed his state of mind and even gave him a trace of desire to live.
Evil Deities hated this desire and forcibly annihilated it in the bud. He even ended Yuzhu's life with his own hands. His voice also became cold.
"Husband, why does Lord want to kill you! Did you do something bad? " Yuzhu endured the severe pain in her chest and said. Even if her life was ended by this man, she was still worried about Evil Deities.
Yuzhu did not know what the outside world was like.
Yuzhu only knew that Evil Deities had enough outside and returned to Lord's inner world. She was very excited.
However, the sudden change was beyond Yuzhu's expectation.
Evil Deities' heart trembled slightly …
Winner takes all.
If he was the winner, Luo Zheng's inner world would also belong to him. He would be able to stand at the peak of this world with Yuzhu and look down on all living things. The loser could only curl up in a cold cave and let his woman be buried with him!
"I didn't do anything wrong," Evil Deities said faintly, "I just lost."
"Lost to Lord …"
Xiuzhu understood something.
She understood her husband's ambition. He once said that the opponent he wanted to defeat the most in his life was Lord.
When Evil Deities first mentioned it, Xiuzhu covered his mouth and told him not to mention it again.
Lord was omniscient and omnipotent. How could Evil Deities defeat him?
However, her husband was stubborn. Xiuzhu could only follow his opinion and set up a trap against Lord. The result was naturally a failure.
Fortunately, Lord was magnanimous and forgave Evil Deities.
After her husband left this world, he attacked Lord again? This time, even if it was Seedless, he would never forgive him …
If it was any other woman, they would have started to beg Luo Zheng. However, Xiuzhu did not do that. She only looked at Evil Deities with tender eyes. If Lord ordered her husband to die, she would follow him.

Chapter 3120
The Evil Deities had a noncommittal look in his eyes. He wanted to know what Luo Zheng was up to.
"To a certain extent, you are me," Luo Zheng continued, "Or rather, you are all the evil thoughts and resentment that I have projected into this world."
The world itself had a certain will, and Luo Zheng had known this for a long time.
Before the Evil Deities appeared, Luo Zheng's Inner World was also a mess. The races were in conflict with each other, and even the Human Race was fighting all day long. As long as Luo Zheng did not interfere, the ambitious creatures in this world would always make a lot of noise.
But all these disputes ended with the appearance of the Evil Deities.
For a period of time, Luo Zheng was even very grateful to the Evil Deities. Under the management of the Evil Deities, the Inner World became very orderly. There were no more wars between the big countries, and the different races did not hate or hate each other.
At that time, Luo Zheng thought that this was the work of the Evil Deities. Or rather, before the Spirit of the Green Jade spoke, Luo Zheng still thought so.
But the Spirit of the Green Jade answered this question for Luo Zheng.
The Evil Deities were the aggregation of all evil thoughts and resentment. Their birth was not a coincidence, but a kind of World Tribulation.
This kind of World Tribulation was very rare. Generally, it would only appear in the Land of Origin, and Luo Zheng's Inner World happened to be a small Land of Origin. Of course, after all the evil thoughts and resentment gathered into the Evil Deities, the creatures in the Inner World naturally calmed down.
Xiuzhu opened her mouth wide and looked at the Creator in disbelief. She did not expect her husband to have such an origin.
The Evil Deities had an indifferent expression, "So what?"
"If I kill you, the Inner World will fall into turmoil again. This will do me more harm than good. But if I let you go, you will definitely find trouble with me," Luo Zheng smiled and stretched out his finger to gently touch the Jade Bead. The black dragon-patterned blade was pulled out of the Jade Bead's body like a flower.
The blood on her white clothes flowed back into the wound, and the shocking wound healed in an instant.
In fact, Luo Zheng may not be able to kill the Evil Deities.
As long as there were creatures in the Inner World, there would be many disputes, resentment, vengeance, hatred, strife …
The Evil Deities came together with the Inner World. Even if Luo Zheng destroyed it, when the next World Tribulation, all the negative things would gather again, and the Evil Deities would be born again.
He might not have the memories of this life, or his appearance might be different, or even his form might have changed, but he was still an Evil God.
"Master, do you mean to spare my husband's life?" A glimmer of hope ignited in Xiu Zhu's heart.
Luo Zheng nodded, "Remove the barrier around your Soul Lodging Ground and merge back into my Inner World. Then I can spare him."
The Evil Deities silently looked at Luo Zheng, smiled self-deprecatingly, and said: "Even if I don't remove the Soul Lodging Ground, you should have a way to do it, right?"
"It won't be hard to find a way from you," Luo Zheng said.
The Evil Deities sighed softly, then said: "Let's go …"
The Evil Deities' Soul Lodging Ground had always existed in Luo Zheng's Inner World. Ever since the Soul Lodging Ground was built, Luo Zheng had never entered it.
Later, the people of the Kurofune used some means to completely separate the Soul Lodging Ground from Luo Zheng's Inner World. Luo Zheng couldn't interfere even if he wanted to.
Luo Zheng's thoughts moved slightly, and Luo Zheng, the Green Jade Spirit, 9527, the Evil Deities, and Xiuzhu appeared in the sky. Not far away, there was a space filled with clouds. That space was the Evil Deities' Soul Lodging Ground.
When everyone came to the edge of the clouds, the Evil Deities gently flipped his Sumeru Ring, and a black token appeared in his hand.
"Crack!"
He reached out with his hand and crushed the black command medallion into pieces.
After the token was crushed, the clouds seemed to have lost some kind of support and began to dissipate.
After the clouds completely dissipated, Luo Zheng felt a strange change. He felt that his Inner World and the Soul Lodging Ground were reconnected.
"Buzz!"
Luo Zheng waved his hand gently, and the Evil Deities and the others disappeared with him again. The next moment, they appeared in the Soul Lodging Ground.
In the years since they left Luo Zheng, the Evil Deities had managed the Soul Lodging Ground well.
Although the Soul Lodging Ground's space was smaller than Luo Zheng's Inner World, the Evil Deities made full use of the space. There was almost no ocean in the entire Inner World, and it was all land.
On this piece of land, there were black mountains everywhere, and at the bottom of each mountain was a small country.
Luo Zheng looked down, and a strange look appeared on his face.
Below, many countries were engaged in fierce wars. There were corpses everywhere, and the thick smell of blood could be smelled even from the high altitude.
"Why are the creatures in your Soul Lodging Ground fighting so fiercely?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
The Evil Deities snorted coldly, "Only through constant fighting can experts be born!"
Luo Zheng shook his head slightly, and his gaze fell on a tall mountain in the corner of this Inner World. On this mountain, there were white arcs of light constantly jumping. These arcs of light were clearly one of the Divine Dao Accumulations that the Evil Deities had used before.
After the Green Jade Spirit noticed these arcs of light, its eyes flashed as well. The group flew towards the mountain.
"Crackle …"
At the top of the mountain, there was a big tree. The tree had been scorched black, and there was a white gem embedded in the ground under the tree. All the arcs of light were emitted from this white gem.
"Luo Zheng, this is the second flaw you mentioned!" The Green Jade Spirit was a little excited.
After Luo Zheng merged with the Blood Origin Divine Dao, there were only two flaws left in the Dao Integration Energy!
However, in order to find the last two flaws, the Green Jade Civilization had spent too much time, and there were no clues at all. The Green Jade Spirit felt very lucky to have found a clue about one of the flaws through the Sanskrit of the Blood Origin Divine Dao.
He felt that the meeting between the Green Jade Civilization and Luo Zheng was predestined. However, what made the Green Jade Spirit even more speechless was that the creatures released from Luo Zheng's Inner World had actually found the second flaw just like that …
Perhaps, Luo Zheng could really be the one to complete the Dao Integration Energy.
Even if he couldn't complete it at this stage, he was the one with the greatest chance!
"How did you find this gem?" Luo Zheng asked.
After completely unlocking the Soul Lodging Ground, Luo Zheng could pry into the memories of the Evil Deities, but he didn't do so.
"In the Second Heaven of the Nirvana Realm," the Evil Deities said.
"The Second Heaven of the Nirvana Realm …" Luo Zheng showed a hint of surprise.
Generally, the clansmen and disciples of the superpowers wouldn't stay in the First, Second, and Third Heavens at all.
When Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang first set foot on the Nirvana Realm, it was because Luo Zheng had a secret key to the Menghui Temple that Ling Shuang was patient enough to accompany him into the Menghui Temple. In fact, Ling Shuang's idea at that time was to bring Luo Zheng to the Fourth Heaven.
After all, in the Fourth Heaven, he could obtain the support of his clan, which was much better than fumbling around in the Nirvana Realm.

Chapter 3121
"I found a buried temple at the edge of the 2nd layer of heaven. It's called the Tian Zhi Temple. No one could find this temple before because it was buried. The temple is broken down and people can go in and out at will. This gem that contains the essence of the Divine Dao is in the center of the Tian Zhi Temple," Evil Deities explained.
The Evil Deities spoke truthfully.
"Tian Zhi Temple?" Luo Zheng thought for a bit.
"I've never heard of this Tian Zhi Civilization," the Green Jade Spirit shook her head.
One cycle of chaos was terrifyingly long, and the other side was a world that had accumulated over a thousand chaos epochs.
In these chaos epochs, other than the ruling forces, there were various super forces, normal forces, and even many large races. There were too many secrets hidden among them, so it was normal that the Green Jade Spirit had never heard of it.
"After I got this gem, I found another clue," Evil Deities continued, "This clue pointed to a secret realm in the 10th layer of heaven. I followed the clue and found an underground cave that stretched for thousands of miles in the 10th layer of heaven."
When Evil Deities went to the 10th layer of heaven, he was already very powerful. At that time, the name "Soul Sucking Demon" had already spread in the other side, so he could directly enter the 13th layer of heaven.
At that time, Luo Zheng had already gone to the Tian Zhi Temple and explored it.
Evil God traversed the underground cavern alone, and he found the second Sky Grip God Temple. The Weapon of Civilization was taken from the second Sky Grip God Temple.
"What a strange civilization …" After hearing Evil Deities, the Green Jade Spirit's face was full of confusion, "A powerful civilization must have the ability to enter a higher layer of heaven. If this Tian Zhi Civilization is hiding in the Color Realm, there's only one reason, and that's to hide from their enemies like us.
They're being hunted down. "
"But …" the Green Jade Spirit continued, "Even if they're willing to hide in the Color Realm, they'll usually choose the Dark Domain. After all, the Dark Domain is safer there, so why choose the 10th layer of heaven?"
Every layer of heaven that descended also suppressed the strength of the other side creatures, and the suppression was very strong.
Even under the pressure of the 10th layer of heaven, the Tool of Civilization could still display such power. This Tian Zhi Civilization's strength was not to be underestimated.
"I don't know." Evil Deities shook her head.
"The Tianzhi Civilization didn't communicate with you?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Communicate?" Evil Deities thought about it and smiled helplessly. "Follow me. You'll understand when you see the Weapon of Civilization."
The group followed the Evil Deities to the center of the world. After the Evil Deities closed their eyes for a while, a faint shadow appeared in the center of the world. It was a silver cube, and when it appeared, it slowly rotated in the air.
"This is the Instrument of Civilization of the Tianzhi Civilization," Evil Deities said.
Luo Zheng stared at the silver cube. The left side of the cube was as smooth as a mirror, but the other side was bumpy. It seemed to have suffered a lot of damage.
There was no need for Evil Deities to explain. Luo Zheng already knew how it got damaged.
Even though the Instrument of Civilization was not completely burned, it was still the cause of that apocalyptic scene. Naturally, the burning would damage the Instrument of Civilization.
When Evil Deities approached, an emotionless and cold voice came from the cube.
"Li Yuan Clan's Death mission failed. Reward canceled."
"Extermination mission failed. Reward canceled."
"Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystal mission failed. Reward canceled."
"Ding! You have killed a total of 4,633 people in the Chaotic Origin Great World. One-tenth of the total. C grade reward, Fleshy Body Strengthening Origin Core x1 … "
That cold voice was actually announcing that Evil Deities had failed their mission.
But this voice was emotionless. Even though Evil Deities had failed, it did not have any intention of reprimanding them. It was as if there was no sentient soul within the cube. Everything was just a voice.
"…"
"…"
"…"
Luo Zheng, Green Jade Spirit, and 9527 looked at each other.
The Evil God then said: "After I inherited the Instrument of Civilization of the Heavenly Zhi civilization, only this emotionless voice could communicate with me. It would constantly issue me quests based on the situation around me, and if I completed the quests it issued, I would be rewarded"
"Why would there be such a strange civilization …" 9527 chuckled helplessly.
Luo Zheng stared at that cube and said: "The Primal Chaos has existed for such a long time. It is normal for it to give birth to all sorts of strange civilizations."
Green Jade Spirit pondered for a moment before saying: "It should be that the experts of this civilization have all fallen into a deep sleep. After this Instrument of Civilization chose a spokesperson, everything would proceed according to the plan they prepared …"
In the Green Jade Civilization, other than the Green Jade Spirit, all living beings had fallen into a deep sleep. And the Green Jade Spirit had only awakened after Luo Zheng and Feng Ge entered the Black Pond. If the Green Jade Spirit was willing to fall into a deep sleep, the Green Jade Civilization could have used a similar method to issue missions.
Diandian had induced Luo Zheng to become stronger.
From this point of view, the Heaven Administration Civilization's approach was very commendable.
"But why is the Heaven Administration Civilization so cruel that all the missions it issues are to kill other races?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It should be arranged according to personality," Evil Deities said: "In the beginning, the missions issued by this Instrument of Civilization were normal. Perhaps it noticed that I like to kill, so it began to issue missions to kill."
This was also the so-called "one is marked by the company one keeps". This Instrument of Civilization had its own set of logic to make judgments and guide its spokesperson in the most suitable way.
"What an interesting civilization." The Spirit of the Green Jade said with a smile, "Now that the Soul Lodging Grounds has been unsealed, Luo Zheng, you can guide it into your inner world to carry it. I wonder what kind of True Meaning of the Dao will be used to carry this Tool of Civilization.
Evil Deities were retrieved, and so was the Soul Lodging Ground.
Earlier, the Wretched God had set the Wretched God of Civilization ablaze, but the Wretched God of Civilization had only stopped burning. The Wretched God of Civilization hadn't been punished, so the jade spirit concluded that the Wretched God of Civilization wouldn't be able to resist Luo Zheng.
After Green Jade Spirit finished speaking, Luo Zheng looked at Evil Deities with a questioning gaze.
"One Thought Good and Evil," Evil Deities replied.
Hearing this answer, 9527, Green Jade Spirit, and Luo Zheng smiled at the same time.
If Luo Zheng's True Meaning of the Path was not included, he now cultivated a total of four True Meanings of the Path. Among them, the True Meaning of Eternal Sword was used to carry the Power God Totem, the True Meaning of Nature was used to carry the Green Jade Civilization's Instrument of Civilization, and the True Meaning of Good and Evil carried the mind.
Eye.

Chapter 3122
After the Mind's Eye was burned by Luo Zheng, one of his True Intents of Dao was left vacant. It just so happened that the True Intents of Good and Evil were left vacant. It could only be said that the heavens were on Luo Zheng's side.
Luo Zheng wanted to take away the Evil Deities' Tool of Civilization, but the Evil Deities didn't have the slightest bit of gloominess on their faces.
Luo Zheng also didn't have any intention of asking the Evil Deities. Instead, he directly moved the Tool of Civilization.
"Weng … …"
When the cube was moved, it only trembled slightly before flying straight out of the Soul Lodging Ground. Along with the Soul Lodging Ground, Luo Zheng also took away the gem with the arc of light on the top of the mountain.
The Evil Deities should have a lot of good things in their hands. That black dragon-patterned blade should be a treasure with an extraordinary origin. However, ordinary things were useless to Luo Zheng, and he was too lazy to plunder the Evil Deities.
After obtaining the two most important things, the only problem left was how to deal with the Evil Deities.
Xiuzhu saw Luo Zheng's gaze fall on her husband and suddenly felt nervous. Although Luo Zheng said that he wouldn't kill the Evil Deities, if he wanted to change his mind, who could stop him?
"Xiu!"
Luo Zheng pointed at a mountain below.
This mountain rose from the ground like a rapidly growing tree. It quickly grew to a height of three hundred thousand feet. It only stopped when the top of the mountain touched the bottom of Luo Zheng's feet.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and flattened the top of the mountain. Pure gold pillars appeared out of thin air. The pillars were arranged one by one, forming a prison with a wide field of vision.
Refining the Evil Deities into Dao Refinement Clones was a good choice, but the Evil Deities' talent was actually his own talent.
If he turned into a mindless clone, it would be too much of a waste.
Luo Zheng would find a way to turn the Evil Deities into Dao Refinement clones while retaining their own consciousness.
A Evil Deities under his control would be of great help to him. Luo Zheng would not take the risk of releasing this evil star to kill innocent people.
Evil Deities entered the prison with Xiuzhu following closely behind.
Since her husband had made a mistake, she was willing to share the responsibility with him.
The prison door slammed down, and Luo Zheng's group of three also flew out.
Evil Deities stood in front of the iron fence, overlooking the world in the distance.
The human nations were still at war. He saw warhorses galloping, spears piercing, swords slashing, and blood flowing like rivers …
Yesterday he was the master of the world; today he was its prisoner.
"Husband …" Xiuzhu leaned over when she saw the Evil Deities.
Evil Deities held her in his arms. His gaze was still looking at the war in the distance, and his eyes were filled with infatuation.
"Animals slaughtering each other are very beautiful, right?" Evil Deities said.
"Yes, it is very beautiful." Xiuzhu nodded.
She knew that her husband would not admit defeat.
Even death could not make him admit defeat, let alone being alive.
This was also the reason why Xiuzhu was infatuated with this man.
But going against her master was really too unwise …
…
…
The Tianzhi Civilization's Tool of Civilization was moved by Luo Zheng from the Soul Lodging Land all the way to the center of his Inner World.
Although Luo Zheng took back the Soul Lodging Land, this Tool of Civilization was actually carried by the Evil Deities. Luo Zheng was still unable to control it, and needed to carry it a second time.
If this Tool of Civilization had its own consciousness and did not agree with Luo Zheng, it should cut off the connection between the two and return to the other side.
The power of a Tool of Civilization was clear to those who had used it.
The Green Jade Civilization was still suppressed in the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven. If the entire civilization jumped from the Color Realm to the Desire Realm, its power would rise again. The range of the world that descended would be even larger, and the power given to Luo Zheng would be even more terrifying.
The Tianzhi Civilization was able to erupt with such power at the Tenth Layer of Heaven. Its potential in the future would be immeasurable to Luo Zheng.
Without saying much, Luo Zheng began to silently recite the True Meaning of Good and Evil.
"Buzz buzz …"
When the True Meaning began to spread, Luo Zheng's Inner World trembled slightly. The Sanskrit characters at the edge of the world lit up one by one.
"Three hundred and seventy-two Sanskrit characters lit up …"
The Green Jade Spirit observed the flickering Sanskrit characters, and a trace of unwillingness appeared on her face.
Previously, when Luo Zheng carried the Green Jade Civilization's Tool of Civilization, three hundred and sixty-six Sanskrit characters lit up. This unknown Tianzhi Civilization actually used three hundred and seventy-two Sanskrit characters to carry it. From this point, it showed that the Tianzhi Civilization's Tool of Civilization was indeed stronger than the Green Jade Civilization.
The golden light on the surface of the Sanskrit characters continued to flicker, and once again turned into thick chains. All the chains were like giant snakes that twisted towards the Tool of Civilization, and finally firmly locked the Tool of Civilization in it.
"Buzz …"
This Tool of Civilization did not have the slightest intention of resisting, and the entire process of carrying it was extremely easy.
As the chains gradually disappeared, Luo Zheng felt that he had established some kind of connection with this Tool of Civilization.
At this time, a cold and emotionless voice came from the Tool of Civilization.
"The guidance mission has begun …"
"The mission has been prepared. Do you want to accept the mission?"
The Green Jade Spirit, 9527, and Luo Zheng looked at each other again. Luo Zheng said, "Yes."
After Luo Zheng nodded, a series of cold voices came again.
"Heaven-level A-class mission, kill Fuxi. After the mission is completed, you will be given the Natural Seal, which can be used to integrate Fuxi's Yin and Yang Creation …"
"Heaven-level A-class mission, defeat Lei Meng. After the mission is completed, you will be given the Rope of Eternity, which can be used to completely subdue Lei Meng."
"Heaven-level B-class mission, hijack the black ship. After the mission is completed, you will be given …"
"Heaven-level …"
A series of Heaven-level missions were issued, and Luo Zheng and the others were stunned.
If Luo Zheng accepted these missions, it would be no different from suicide.
However, after the missions were issued, Luo Zheng could choose not to accept them, and just listen quietly.
From the way the missions were issued, this Tool of Civilization should have been spying on the surrounding environment, and then issued missions based on the things in the environment, and then gave out rewards.
"I can also issue these missions," the Green Jade Spirit said with a look of disbelief. "But where do these rewards come from? Can this thing really do that? "
Let's not talk about whether Luo Zheng could kill Fuxi or defeat Lei Meng, which was impossible.
As the Human Emperor, Fuxi's control of Yin and Yang was beyond the imagination of ordinary creatures. It could be said that even among the strongest, Fuxi's creation of Yin and Yang was the strongest existence!
After defeating Fuxi, this Tool of Civilization would give Luo Zheng the Natural Seal, which could be used to integrate Fuxi's Yin and Yang Creation …
This sounded too incredible.
It was the same for defeating Lei Meng.
Each of the Ten Great Beasts of Chaos had its own mission and ability. Although these beasts were not as strong as the Ancient Gods of Chaos, they were not weaker than the strongest, and were even stronger than some of the strongest.
After defeating such an existence, it could be subdued with the Rope of Eternity?

Chapter 3123
"Did that brat Evil Deities start spouting nonsense after burning this plaything once?" 9527 chuckled.
"We'll know after verifying it. This Tool of Civilization seems to release many missions at once." Luo Zheng said.
Heaven Grade C …
Heaven Grade D …
Earth Grade A …
Earth Grade B …
Gradually, Luo Zheng began to understand the pattern within.
Once this cube started releasing missions, it would start from the Heaven Grade missions. And the Heaven Grade missions were divided into four levels of difficulty, A, B, C, and D. Following that, the Earth Grade missions were similarly divided into four levels of difficulty, A, B, C, and D. The easiest level was the Human Grade mission.
Luo Zheng continued listening until he reached the 'Human Grade C' level. Only then did he find a mission suitable for him.
"Mortal Grade D mission: Fuse with Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm. After completing this mission, you will be given a chance to strengthen your fleshy body."
The other missions either had various restrictions or were not suitable for Luo Zheng to complete. But Luo Zheng wanted to refine the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals now. Hence, completing this mission was simply pushing the boat along the current.
"It isn't easy to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm. Why is it ranked at the Mortal Grade D?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
There were a total of 16 levels of difficulty, and the difficulty of reaching the Chaotic Origin Realm was ranked at the last level.
The green jade spirit pondered for a moment before answering: "The missions it releases should be judged according to the current environment. Luo Zheng, you have already collected enough Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals. It is too easy for you to reach the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Realm. Naturally, it isn't difficult."
"That's logical." Luo Zheng nodded, "I'll accept this mission."
Strengthening one's fleshy body was necessary at all times. Furthermore, Luo Zheng wanted to verify if this Tool of Civilization was truly as miraculous as it seemed.
"Hua …"
With a thought, Luo Zheng turned into strands of brown Primal Chaos Energy.
At the moment he dissipated his incarnation, Luo Zheng woke up.
Not far away, a light suddenly rose from an array. A Chaotic Origin Realm cultivator was teleported out of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
While Luo Zheng was busy with the matters regarding his inner world, many others had already refined the Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Following that, Luo Zheng flipped his hand, causing the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals to appear in his hand. With a flip of his other hand, those scarlet-gold crystals appeared.
Luo Zheng was also surprised to discover two types of crystals within the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Especially the reddish-gold crystals, the aura they exuded was much thicker and more solid than ordinary crystals.
During the distribution of the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals, Luo Zheng had also distributed a portion of the scarlet-gold crystals. Of which, Luo Yan received 30 crystals. Ling Shuang and Feng Ge received 12 crystals each. As for Chou Xue, Lan Qing, and the others, they received three crystals each.
However, Luo Zheng also warned them not to refine the reddish-gold crystal in the magic formation. There was no guarantee that the crystal would contain poison or cause other problems.
After all, even though the arrays in the Chaotic Origin Great World were troublesome, both the Great Yi Heaven Palace and Li Shan could construct them. It was not too late for them to refine the crystals after the elders in the clan had a look.
Luo Zheng's fleshy body was different from ordinary people. His endurance was much stronger than ordinary people.
After hesitating for a moment, Luo Zheng decided to refine the ordinary Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals first.
He chose the same method as Lan Qing. He first placed the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals into his inner world before forcing them into his meridians.
As the sharp crystals swam through his body, it brought quite a bit of pain to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's fleshy body was comparable to a God Weapon. Hence, the resistance of the crystals was much greater than ordinary fleshy bodies.
As the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals swam through his body, they gradually spread evenly across every part of his body. Following that, Luo Zheng activated the array, causing his body to be enveloped in light.
"Weng …"
Not long later, the tough Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals softened bit by bit. They turned into many light spots that were permanently connected to Luo Zheng's fleshy body.
Luo Zheng could sense that these light spots were in an active state. They were completely under the control of Luo Zheng's thoughts. Luo Zheng could even choose to turn them on and off.
After Luo Zheng easily refined the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals, a crisp 'ding' sounded in his mind.
That cold voice from the Tool of Civilization of the Heavenly Zhi Civilization sounded once again, "Mortal Grade D mission completed. Reward: Fleshy body strengthened once."
Luo Zheng looked inwardly. He saw a tiny light spot appearing on the side of the cube. A tiny black light spot floated out.
9527 and the Green Jade Spirit were waiting by the side. When they saw this black light spot, they stared at it.
"This is the reward from the Tool of Civilization?" The eyes of the Green Jade Spirit flashed slightly.
"It seems like a pure energy body. This item can strengthen the fleshy body?" 9527 asked curiously.
"I'll know after trying it …"
With a thought, Luo Zheng caused that tiny black light spot to rise. It tunneled out from his inner world.
Just as the black light spot broke out of his inner world, it turned into a warm stream that silently fused into Luo Zheng's fleshy body. It followed along the meridians in Luo Zheng's body and circulated a single cycle. By then, the energy within the light spot had been depleted.
"How do you feel?" The consciousness of the Green Jade Spirit transmitted over from his inner world.
"Better than nothing." Luo Zheng shook his head and chuckled.
He could feel that his fleshy body had been strengthened slightly. But the degree of strengthening was not significant. After all, this was just a mission to push the boat along with the current.
After breaking through to the Chaotic Origin Realm, the space in front of him fluctuated. A spatial passage appeared in front of him.
Luo Zheng did not intend to teleport out immediately. This time, he placed the scarlet-gold crystals into his inner world.
After distributing the scarlet-gold crystals, Luo Zheng kept 200 of them for himself.
Just like how he fused with the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals, he placed them into his inner world and spread them across his limbs and bones. At the same time, he activated these scarlet-gold crystals.
"Weng …"
The light from the array enveloped Luo Zheng once again. The energy from the array attempted to melt those crystals.
"Yi?"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. These scarlet-gold crystals did not melt like the ordinary Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals. They remained rooted in his flesh without moving. The energy from the array did not react to them at all.
Seeing Luo Zheng activating the array once again, everyone looked at each other. But very soon, someone reacted.
"Why is he activating the array once again?"
"Have you forgotten what Luo Zheng obtained in his mother's body?"
"That brat must have obtained some unique crystals. He should be thinking of refining them …"
Many people's eyes were filled with envy.
Breaking through to the Chaotic Origin Realm was akin to leaping over the Dragon Gate. Luo Zheng actually obtained those unique Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals. How could they not be envious?

Chapter 3134
'Refinement failed …'
Luo Zheng revealed a look of disappointment. He curled his lips helplessly. With a slight tremble of his body, those scattered crystals rapidly converged into his inner world.
This array could only be used to refine ordinary Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals. It could not refine the scarlet-gold crystals at all.
It seemed he could only look for other methods …
After standing up, Luo Zheng stepped into the spatial passage within the array. He turned into a stream of light and flew out of the Chaotic Origin Great World.
…
…
High above the Snow Drinking Continent.
Many thick thunderbolts coiled around. They were like enormous dragons twitching. Every thunderbolt contained a destructive power. When these thunderbolts gathered together, it was sufficient to shatter the entire Snow Drinking Continent.
There were quite a few human tribes in the Snow Drinking Continent. When the people living in the tribes saw the thunderbolts in the sky, they felt their hearts trembling. Some of the tribesmen even knelt down in the snow and prayed to the Heavens, hoping that the Heavens would not send down this terrifying lightning punishment.
After all the thunderbolts gathered together, they arced through the sky at a strange angle and lashed out at Fuxi.
"Hong!"
Just as the thunderbolts got close to Fuxi, Fuxi's hands revolved.
A black and white aura circled around Fuxi. An enormous Eight Trigrams plate protected Fuxi within.
"Hong hong hong hong …"
The thunderbolts struck the Eight Trigrams plate hundreds and thousands of times. Every time they struck, the Eight Trigrams plate would slightly rotate. The stronger the impact, the faster the Eight Trigrams plate rotated. It was able to disperse the power of the thunderbolts.
"It is useless, Lei Xiao. You are not my opponent." Fuxi said solemnly.
His voice was like the waves of the sea. Even amidst the rumbling of thunder, it could still be transmitted to a far distance.
In the entire Primal Chaos, any supreme expert would feel immense pressure when facing Fuxi. Fuxi could even fight against a Primal Chaos Ancient God.
"I am indeed not your opponent. But you can't do anything to me either." Lei Xiao's deep voice sounded. This was the first sentence he said after entering the Snow Drinking Continent.
The reputation of being one of the Ten Great Primal Chaos Ferocious Beasts was not something he picked up. Every ferocious beast had a terrifying innate divine ability. Even though their innate divine ability was weaker than the Truth Divine Ability, the gap was not huge.
"If I were to blindly escape, you will not be able to catch up to me either." Lei Xiao added.
"Really?" Fuxi sneered in a deep voice. Circles of white mist spread out from under his feet and turned into a huge cloud. This cloud faintly contained the power of wind and thunder. "I wonder where your confidence comes from, you evil creature?"
When Lei Meng saw the cloud under Fuxi's feet, a solemn look appeared on his face. "Tian Xiangyun, you actually found this Nirvana token!"
The Heavenly Auspicious Cloud was an extremely rare Nirvana Realm token among the upper echelons of the Nirvana Realm. Even the Fuxi experts would have a hard time finding it. After carrying it, one's speed would be greatly increased.
Lei Meng was known to be the fastest, but with Fuxi riding on the Heavenly Auspicious Clouds, it was hard to say if it could escape.
"Leave those things behind and I'll let you go. We'll pretend that nothing happened between us." Fuxi's face grew darker and darker, and a trace of ruthlessness reverberated in his huge eyeball.
Lei Meng was well aware of how terrifying an enraged Fuxi was.
Although the Human Emperor had always stood behind the Nuwa Clan of Li Mountain, there was almost no supreme expert in the Mother World who had the confidence to defeat him.
"I'm sorry, but I was asked by someone else. I can't promise you this …"
Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!
Lei Meng flapped his wings, and a small dragon formed from lightning emerged above his head. This small dragon was also a Nirvana token!
Crackle! Crackle!
When the small dragon bloomed with electricity, Lei Meng's body began to vibrate at high speed.
Whoosh!
The tiny lightning bolts also vibrated at high frequency with Lei Meng. Soon, an identical Lei Meng peeled off from the surface of Lei Meng's body. It was a doppelganger made of lightning.
Beep!
After the first doppelganger appeared, another huge doppelganger appeared. In the blink of an eye, Lei Meng had six huge doppelganger!
Fuxi looked coldly at Lei Meng's doppelganger, his face still unperturbed. "You chose to fight me head-on for those idiots. You're even more stupid than them. In that case, die!"
Unexpectedly, the seven identical Lei Meng suddenly spoke at the same time, "Who said I'm going to fight you? Heh … "
Just as Lei Meng laughed, seven huge spatial tunnels suddenly appeared around him, and each of the seven huge Lei Meng disappeared into one of them!
"You!"
Fuxi's face darkened, and he punched out with both fists.
Two Eight Trigrams appeared on the bodies of two Lei Meng!
Boom! Boom!
As the two Eight Trigrams exploded, the two Lei Meng turned into tiny lightning bolts and disappeared in an instant, while the other five Lei Meng entered the Space Tunnels.
Fuxi took a step forward, and the Heavenly Auspicious Cloud beneath his feet flickered with wind and lightning. He also entered the Space Tunnels, his eyes never leaving Lei Meng's body.
As soon as he entered the Space Tunnels, Fuxi's body shrank rapidly, and he turned into a beam of light that sped along the Space Tunnels.
Crack! Crack!
Lei Meng's body flew along the Space Tunnels. When it saw Fuxi chasing after it, it flapped its wings, and huge lightning bolts filled the entire Space Tunnels and blasted toward Fuxi.
Fuxi didn't dodge, and he went against the flow of lightning.
After he pushed the Heavenly Auspicious Cloud beneath his feet to the extreme, his speed increased instead of decreasing, and the distance between man and beast rapidly narrowed.
When Lei Meng was only a thousand feet away from Fuxi, an Eight Trigrams appeared on its body, and Fuxi threw out a palm.
Whoosh!
The Eight Trigrams exploded.
The huge Lei Meng was directly blasted into lightning bolts and disappeared into the Space Tunnels.
"Is this also a doppelganger?"
Fuxi's eyebrows twitched.
Lei Meng's doppelganger was very unique. Each doppelganger was the true body, and Lei Meng could transfer any doppelganger to be its true body.
Even if Fuxi firmly locked his spiritual sense on the first Lei Meng, it could still transfer.
Lei Meng escaped under his nose, and Fuxi's face became even gloomier.
He stretched out his hand and tore at the void. After tearing open a spatial tunnel, he flew away.
…
…
Whoosh …
In the long Space Tunnels, Lei Meng gently flapped its wings.
In appearance, Lei Meng looked like a repulsive bat, but with lightning bolts all over its body, it was filled with a different kind of beauty.
Lei Meng wasn't interested in the rings it had snatched, but someone had offered it a price it couldn't refuse, so it was willing to take the risk to go to the Snow Drinking Province.
Fortunately, Fuxi had underestimated the enemy. If he had really stayed, Lei Meng's life might have been lost in the Snow Drinking Province.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh …
With a sudden flap of its wings, it quickly traveled through the Space Tunnels, leaving the Snow Drinking Province, passing through the Hualin Province, and crossing the Lintuo Province …

Chapter 3135
"Black ship?"
Lei Xiao was startled.
When he was hiding in the Snow Drinking Province, Lei Xiao had discovered this black ship.
But before the opening of the Chaotic Origin Great World, the black ship had been chased out of the Snow Drinking Province by Fuxi.
Lei Xiao had no relationship with the people of the black ship. Who would have thought that the black ship would chase after him after he escaped from Fuxi!
"Pi pa!"
It flapped its huge fleshy wings and accelerated.
But not long after, Lei Xiao's speed abruptly decreased. Another black ship appeared at the other end of the spatial passage.
Two black ships drifted over quietly like ghosts, completely blocking Lei Meng in the spatial tunnel.
"Sou …"
On the black ship behind, Shen Tu held the corner of her skirt. She tapped lightly on the side of the ship and flew towards Lei Xiao. The bronze man followed closely behind her.
On the black ship in front, a person wrapped in bandages came over. Beside this' bamboo pole 'was an Eared Mouse. This Eared Mouse had a huge body. There was a deep scar on its right eye as if it had been slashed by a sword. Its eyes flashed with a sharp light.
This Eared Mouse was called "Ling Wu". He was once the left and right arm of Heaven Winning Mouse King. Later on, he betrayed the Eared Mouse Clan and joined the black ship. Even now, the Eared Mice were still chasing after him.
"Pi pa!"
A lightning bolt circled around Lei Xiao. Lei Xiao asked with an unfriendly expression, "People of the black ship, why are you looking for me?"
Shen Tu's figure floated quietly in the void. She extended her hand and made a 'one' sign. Her sexy red lips curled into a charming smile. Her crisp voice sounded, "Half. Give us half of what you have."
"Zhi! Only half! The black ship is not greedy! "Eared Mouse said.
Lei Xiao naturally knew how important those rings were. They were the key items for the Nirvana Realm beings to return to the Primal Chaos. The value of each ring was immeasurable. It was not an exaggeration to say that these things could affect the entire structure of the Primal Chaos!
"Half? Black ship sure talks big." Lei Xiao said coldly.
"You can choose not to hand them over." The bronze man said, "We will take everything. And the ranking of the Ten Great Primal Chaos Beasts might change. The consequences will be terrible for you."
Some unknown ferocious beasts would always be born in the Chaos, and the Ten Great Ferocious Beasts of Chaos were publicly recognized as the top ten ferocious beasts.
If one of them died, the remaining Ferocious Beasts would naturally take over the ranking.
The Copper Man's threat was blatant.
"With just the two of you?" The Thunder Dragon asked in a deep voice.
Shen Tu still smiled sweetly, "We aren't careless Mortal Emperors, we won't let you slip away by luck. Since we were able to intercept you here, we came prepared, you won't have a chance to escape!"
As soon as Shen Tu's voice fell, Ear Mouse took out his Paramita Token.
It was a pipe.
Wisps of white smoke rose from the pipe and weaved into a net, filling the surrounding space. This was to prevent Lei Meng from tearing open a spatial tunnel and escaping.
The bandages on the body of the 'bamboo pole' were also peeling off layer by layer. The skin that was hidden within was emitting a colorful light. It was obvious that it contained a strange poison.
The bronze man did nothing.
In terms of pure strength, he wouldn't even be afraid of Fuxi.
"I'll give you an incense stick's worth of time to consider. The Black Ship is very patient," Shen Tu said with her hands behind her back.
The lightning on the surface of the Thunder Dragon's body gently crackled, and its single eye flashed with hesitation.
The strength of the Black Ship's crew was not weak, and more importantly, each crew member's methods were strange and difficult to deal with. It could deal with one of them head-on, but four at the same time …
* Whoosh! *
As Lei Meng flapped his wings, the six rings containing a terrifying force shot towards Shen Tu like hidden weapons.
Shen Tu didn't dodge. She stretched out her delicate hand and waved it gently, removing the force attached to the rings and taking them in her hand.
After observing them for a while, she nodded to Ear Mouse.
Ear Mouse put away the Paramita Token, and the net of smoke dissipated.
Lei Meng glared at Shen Tu fiercely and said at the same time, "Tell your captain that the Black Ship's good days are coming to an end!"
Having said that, he flapped his wings and flew away.
Shen Tu tilted her head and smiled cutely, "Good days and bad days are meaningless to the Black Ship …"
The 13 living beings on the Black Ship were all apex existences.
Existences like them could live well in any part of the Mother World. They could easily establish a huge organization, and it wasn't impossible for them to develop into a super organization.
Stepping on the Black Ship was never for the sake of living a good life. They would only pursue their goals and sail forward courageously.
…
…
After the battle between Fuxi and Lei Meng broke out, those leaders outside the Chaotic Origin Great World had always been on tenterhooks.
Even existences like Qiu Yinhe and Phoenix would lose a layer of skin if they were caught in a battle of that level. If the clansmen and disciples in the Great World were caught in the battle, they would most likely be wiped out in body and soul.
Fortunately, Fuxi and Lei Meng were getting further and further away from each other.
At the beginning, they could still hear the rumbling of thunder. But gradually, they could no longer hear it. They had either fought their way into the spatial tunnel or out of the Drinking Snow Province.
After the clansmen and disciples reached the Chaotic Origin Realm, they were teleported out one after another.
Some of the smaller clans followed the leaders of their clans onto the flying ship and left in a hurry.
Those super organizations had slightly more clansmen. Naturally, they were still waiting at their original location.
The leader of the Li Yuan Clan had always had a bitter expression on his face.
This time, the Li Yuan Clan was too unlucky. They were harmed by the Evil Deities right from the start. In the end, even Jin Sheng was killed by the world burning with Evil Deities!
Returning to the Li Yuan Clan like this, the leader had no way of explaining to his clan.
"Weng!"
A spatial ripple flashed from the array at the entrance. Luo Zheng walked out from within.
The moment Luo Zheng appeared, he attracted the attention of everyone.
That battle between him and the Evil Deities in the core region had truly exceeded everyone's expectations.
One had to know that the two of them were juniors who had yet to step into the Chaotic Origin Realm. Their Sun Souls were still in the 13 Heavens of the Color Realm, yet the battle between the two of them had far surpassed that of ordinary Chaotic Origin Realm experts.
What was even more frightening was that the Evil Deities had actually come out from Luo Zheng's inner world!
Amongst the many leaders, Phoenix's gaze was especially complicated.
She thought back to the time when Luo Zheng escaped. He had once used the Withering Energy and the Wind Cloud Escape. These two techniques were once the sacred arts that the Tribal Chiefs of the Nine Li Tribe possessed. It was just that Phoenix did not consider this aspect at that time.
Now that Luo Zheng had the Sword of Tengshe in his hand, in addition to the three heads and six arms that the Evil Deities had replicated, this person was definitely someone from the Nine Li Tribe.
The spokesperson of the civilization …
The wielder of the Sword of Tengshe …
And she highly suspected that he could enter the Paramita Realm with his fleshy body …
How could a mere remnant of the Nine Li Tribe nurture such a genius?

Chapter 3136
The moment Luo Zheng came out, he could feel the fiery gazes directed at him. He merely smiled as he walked towards the Heaven Palace.
But before he could take a few steps, the leader of the Li Yuan Clan suddenly stood out. He used a rough voice to shout: "Luo Zheng!"
Luo Zheng turned his head over and glanced at the other party.
He had never acted against the Li Yuan Clan in the Chaotic Origin Great World. He wondered why the other party was looking for him?
"Hand over that brat called Evil Deities! He killed a member of our Li Yuan Clan. Naturally, our Li Yuan Clan will be the one to deal with him. "The leader of the Li Yuan Clan said.
This leader had to give an explanation for the death of Jin Sheng. And the best explanation was to bring back the Evil Deities.
The leader had clearly seen that the Evil Deities had been absorbed into Luo Zheng's inner world and had not been killed by Luo Zheng.
Hearing this request from the Li Yuan Clan, Luo Zheng revealed a mocking expression. He then replied: "The Li Yuan Clan is not the only clan that Evil Deities killed. Eared Rat, Shennong, Golden Crow, Moon Spirit, Sky Wolf … he has killed a total of 4,000 people. If all these great clans were to demand for the Evil Deities, who knows how many would he kill?
How many pieces would the Evil Deities be sliced into? "
The leader of the Li Yuan Clan snorted, "I don't care about the other clans. But since even Jin Sheng died in his hands, our Li Yuan Clan must have this person!"
Saying that, his huge body stood in front of Luo Zheng like a pillar supporting the sky.
"If that's the case, many of our Golden Crow clansmen have died in the hands of the Evil Deities. It seems that our Golden Crow Clan should also demand for this person." Phoenix stood out with a faint smile on her face.
"That Evil Deities should at least give us an explanation for slaughtering our clansmen!" The leader of the You Xiong Clan also stood out.
The Chaotic Origin Great World was known for its cruelty. Since ancient times, countless geniuses had died there. Even if the Evil Deities loved to slaughter, the rules were as such. They could not be considered wrong.
These superpowers had suffered greatly in the Chaotic Origin Great World. Naturally, they had their own ideas.
Artifacts of Civilization fused with Evil Deities were worthy of their attention.
Now that the Liyuan Clan had taken the lead, the other superpowers would follow suit.
The leaders of the Great Yi Heavenly Palace did not expect that these super forces would be so shameless as to create such a situation after the Chaotic Origin Great World had ended!
Qiu Yinhe took a step forward and blocked in front of Luo Zheng, "Fellow cultivators, have you forgotten the rules of the Chaotic Origin Great World? Since you want to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm, you should be prepared to fall! '
The leader of the Li Yuan Clan sneered: "I naturally know the rules. But this isn't the Chaotic Origin Great World. This is the Drinking Snow Province!"
The implication was very simple. These superpowers had joined forces to force Luo Zheng to hand over the Evil Deities.
"Do you mean that you have the final say in the Snow Drinking Province?" Luo Yan's cold voice drifted over.
The Snow Drinking Province was something that Li Shan had no choice but to cede. However, it was not far from Li Shan, so it was not actually out of Li Shan's control.
If they wanted to make a move here, they would have to consider their own capabilities!
These leaders had merely taken the opportunity to act when they saw Fuxi chasing after Lei Xiao. After the Li Yuan Clan took the lead, You Xiong, Golden Crow, Shen Nong and other clans followed suit.
The leader of the Li Yuan Clan chuckled, "I don't know who has the final say in the Snow Drinking Province. I only know that I must bring that brat called Evil Deities back. Otherwise …"
His eyes narrowed slightly, revealing a strand of dangerous light. The auras of the other leaders of the Li Yuan Clan also began surging. A mountain-like pressure came crashing down on Luo Zheng and Qiu Yinhe.
Qiu Yinhe's expression turned cold. With a 'ceng', he drew his green sword, "If the Li Yuan Clan wants to make a move here, this Qiu will naturally accompany you to the end!"
Lin Zhanting and the leaders of the various mountains of the Great Yi Heavenly Palace had also drawn their swords.
The disciples of the various mountains of the Heavenly Palace had suffered the least casualties. Furthermore, everyone had been allocated sufficient Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm. This was all thanks to Luo Zheng alone.
Naturally, they would do their best to protect Luo Zheng. Both sides immediately clashed.
When Phoenix saw this, she felt joy in her heart. If the Li Yuan Clan were to make a move, it would be a great opportunity for her.
Phoenix's lips moved slightly. She transmitted something to the leaders of Shen Nong, You Xiong and Min Yue.
After the leaders of You Xiong, Shen Nong and the other clans heard it, they revealed smiles. They seemed ready to make a move.
Ling Shuang, Feng Ge, Chou Xinghe and the other Heavenly Palace disciples exchanged glances. Their expressions turned ugly. Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would cause such a commotion after leaving the Chaotic Origin Great World …
Luo Yan's brows were tightly knitted.
Li Shan had let Fuxi take charge of the overall situation. Now that Fuxi had left after chasing after Lei Xiao, he had completely disappeared.
After pondering for a moment, Luo Yan lightly flipped his hand and took out a small scroll from his Sumeru Ring.
Even though it wasn't convenient for Empress Nuwa to personally come out, Li Shan had other supreme experts besides her.
Just as Luo Yan was about to activate the scroll, an Eight Trigrams Seal suddenly appeared on the body of the leader of the Li Yuan Clan.
When everyone saw that Eight Trigrams Seal, an intense sense of crisis rose in their hearts. Their expressions changed greatly.
Qiu Yinhe dragged Luo Zheng and flew backwards. Phoenix and the other leaders also pulled away from the leader of the Li Yuan Clan in an instant.
Even the other leaders of the Li Yuan Clan widened their eyes and retreated rapidly!
When the leader saw the Eight Trigrams Seal on his body, he was frightened. If Fuxi's palm landed on him, he would die without a complete corpse!
"This, this … Sir Fuxi, I'm afraid you have misunderstood! It's just that I don't know how to explain this to Heavenly Emperor Father Jing … please be magnanimous and forgive me … "
Father Heavenly Emperor Jing is the current leader of the Li Yuan Clan. He was also one of the apex experts in the Mother World. He mentioned this person in hopes that Fuxi would be wary of him.
Just as the leader stammered his explanation, an unseen energy suddenly enveloped him.
"Peng!"
Accompanied by a muffled sound, a huge palm imprint appeared where the leader was standing. And this Li Yuan Clan member turned into a pile of flesh and blood that was embedded in the palm imprint.
Following that, space was torn apart, and Fuxi walked out with a dark expression.
After Lei Xiao escaped, Fuxi's mood was extremely bad. When he returned through the spatial passage and saw this scene, he could no longer suppress the anger in his heart.
"Do you think I'll be afraid just because you used Father Heavenly Emperor Jing to pressure me?"
Fuxi said word by word, "Before entering the Chaotic Origin Great World, I've already reminded everyone that I won't interfere in the matters of the Chaotic Origin Great World. But don't blame me for being merciless when you act outside!"
There was silence in front of the Chaotic Origin Great World …
That leader of the Li Yuan Clan was definitely ranked in the top five among the leaders. But he couldn't even survive a single palm from Fuxi and died in such a miserable manner.
Phoenix's body trembled slightly. Fear was spreading madly in her heart.

Chapter 3137
If Fuxi had arrived a moment later, they might have acted against the Great Yi Heavenly Palace.
They might end up like that leader from the Li Yuan Clan. Thinking of this, they felt a lingering fear.
Fuxi arrogantly glanced at the many living beings.
The establishment of the Chaotic Origin Great World was originally the result of Li Shan's compromise under the oppression of these superpowers. In the eyes of Fuxi, it had always been a great humiliation.
After taking a deep breath, his voice boomed like thunder.
"The Chaotic Origin Great World has been closed forever. There won't be a next time. I now announce that Li Shan will take back the Snow Drinking Province. Now, all of you, scram!"
The reason why the Snow Drinking Province became independent was to establish the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Now, the Chaotic Origin Sea in the Paramita had encountered problems. The Chaotic Origin Spirits had been slaughtered.
The Chaotic Origin Great World was left with an empty shell. Naturally, there was no need for it to exist. Hence, the Snow Drinking Province was naturally taken back by Li Shan.
The leaders of these superpowers did not dare to speak any more nonsense. They brought their clansmen and headed towards those flying ships.
Mountain also left with the Divine Farmer Clan. It's just that before leaving, he silently glanced at Luo Zheng.
Actually, Mountain had a huge question in his heart. What exactly did Luo Zheng see when he was exiled into that world?
How did he come back?
He originally wanted to find an opportunity to ask. But looking at the gloomy expression of Fuxi, he gave up. Furthermore, Luo Zheng might not tell him the truth.
"Sou, sou, sou …"
After the giant flying ships rose into the air, they all flew into different spatial passageways.
The Great Yi Heavenly Palace did not leave with these superpowers.
Now, several superpowers had become enemies with the Great Yi Heavenly Palace. Furthermore, Luo Zheng still had the Sword of Tengshe.
Just this sword alone was enough to attract the covetous eyes of many other superpowers. If they left like this, there was a huge possibility of them being ambushed.
Even if Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting and the others were not to be underestimated, how could they protect Luo Zheng under the siege of so many experts?
In less than an hour, the flying boats that were parked in the distance had all left.
Only those from the Heavenly Palace and Li Shan were left in front of the Chaotic Origin Great World …
Qiu Yinhe respectfully bowed to Fuxi and said, "Human Emperor, can you let our Great Yi Heavenly Palace stay in the Snow Drinking Province for a few days?"
Of course, Fuxi understood Qiu Yinhe's worries. He waved his hand and said, "Why bother freezing in the Snow Drinking Province? Yan 'er misses her brother for a long time. Everyone from the Heavenly Palace can move to Mount Li. It won't be too late to stay for a few days! "
After receiving Fuxi's invitation, Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, and the others revealed joyful looks as they cupped their hands towards Fuxi to express their gratitude. Only then did the leaders of the various mountain peaks bring their disciples back to their respective airboats …
Not long after, the flying boats were already flying towards the southwest.
The province where Mount Li was located was called Li Province. The area of this province was about the same as the Snow Drinking Province. The enormous Mount Li started from the edge of Li Province and continued all the way to the center of Li Province before finally disappearing into the cloudy and misty horizon.
It could be said that after entering Li Province, he had already begun to climb Li Mountain.
After crossing the border of Li Province, the Heavenly Palace disciples revealed looks of shock.
Every single one of the seven mountains in the Center God Province was astonishingly tall. Standing at the foot of the mountain, one could practically cover the sky. But compared to Mount Li, they paled in comparison.
Mount Li was after all a mountain the size of a province. It was also the biggest mountain in the entire Mother World!
The seven flying boats of the Heavenly Palace drove straight in. Under the arrangement of Mount Li, they stopped at the edge of the Sunset Cloud Stream.
By the side of the Sunset Cloud Stream, hundreds of flowers were blooming. Lush greenery covered the entire place. It was as beautiful as the legendary immortal realm. Many beautiful palaces were constructed in rows. This was the place where Mount Li received his guests. The Heavenly Palace disciples were temporarily staying in this palace.
Many Heavenly Palace disciples had fought intensely in the Chaotic Origin Great World. Their Paramita Energy had been depleted. After settling down, they chose to enter closed-door cultivation.
On one hand, they had to stabilize their Chaotic Origin Realm. On the other hand, they had to replenish their Paramita Energy.
Amongst all the disciples, the one who consumed the most Paramita Energy was Luo Zheng.
Using the Green Jade Chessboard to summon the Green Jade Sculpture was originally a technique that consumed a lot of Paramita Energy. Furthermore, Luo Zheng had even summoned the Green Jade World and activated the World Inheritance.
Even though the Green Jade Civilization was huge, it could not withstand such consumption.
According to what the Spirit of the Green Jade said, Luo Zheng could only activate the Green Jade World two times consecutively if he had sufficient Paramita Energy. After that, the Paramita Energy contained in the Tool of Civilization would be depleted.
"Hua la …"
Many Deity Crystals were released from Luo Zheng's Sumeru Ring.
These Deity Crystals were like a small mountain that filled the entire room.
Luo Zheng lightly waved his finger, causing strands of unseen energy to slash at those Deity Crystals. These Deity Crystals were like tough walnuts. They were instantly shattered by those strands of energy. The energy contained within the Deity Crystals was constantly surging out.
"Hu!"
He took in a deep breath. Those surging energies were like a river. They gathered above Luo Zheng's head and tunneled into the Tool of Civilization of the Green Jade Civilization.
There were about three million Deity Crystals in this small mountain …
After Luo Zheng absorbed seven Deity Crystal hills, the Paramita Energy in the Tool of Civilization was finally saturated.
"It cost me more than twenty million Deity Crystals to activate the Tool of Civilization just once …" Luo Zheng shook his head with a bitter smile.
Fortunately, Chi You had left Luo Zheng a huge inheritance. Luo Zheng originally thought that he could use this' inheritance 'to revitalize Jiuli. Now, it seemed like it was just wishful thinking.
As the Paramita Energy he could control grew stronger, these Deity Crystals might not be enough for Luo Zheng to consume alone.
After replenishing the Green Jade Civilization's Tool of Civilization, Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly. He took out the Tool of Civilization of the Tianzhi Civilization.
The Paramita Energy in this Tool of Civilization was consumed by the Evil Deities. Moreover, a part of it had been burned. The amount of Paramita Energy needed to repair this object was probably astronomical.
At the same time the cube was brought out, the cold voice rang out again at an untimely moment.
"Heaven-level A-Class Mission: Massacre Li Mountain. Kill more than fifty thousand Nuwa Clan members. Reward …"
"Heaven-level A-Class Mission: Challenge Nuwa …"
"…"
Perhaps this cube was too deeply affected by the Evil Deities. Now, most of the missions issued were related to massacres and challenges.
It would be difficult to eliminate this influence in a short period of time. Luo Zheng just ignored it.
However, the Tianzhi Civilization's Tool of Civilization required more Deity Crystals than the Green Jade Civilization's.
Luo Zheng spent most of the night and about forty million Deity Crystals to saturate this cube.
Next, Luo Zheng took out the Strength God Totem again.
After pouring the Deity Crystals into the Strength God Totem, Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly. The Paramita Energy in this totem poured out from his dantian and flowed through his meridians into his right hand.
"One thousand!"
"One thousand one hundred!"
"One thousand two hundred Deity Crystals!"
Previously, Luo Zheng's body could only contain about one thousand Deity Crystals. If he wanted to control more, he could only rely on the green jade chessboard to summon the green jade statue or activate the Inheritance of the World.

Chapter 3139
The Mighty God Totem was a strengthening-type Paramita Talisman. Its maximum strength was only 1,200 Divine Jun.
After accumulating 1,200 Divine Jun of energy in his right hand, Luo Zheng could feel the 'light spots' all over his body jumping joyfully!
This energy was highly concentrated in his right hand, yet it was being withstood by the light spots all over his body. This was a mystical feeling.
'These light spots have an innate affinity towards energy. Regardless of whether it is the Paramita Energy coming from my body or energy from the external world, they can completely absorb it.' Luo Zheng thought.
After absorbing the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystal, Luo Zheng finally had a true understanding of the Chaotic Origin Realm.
The Desolation God Body Refinement could allow one's fleshy body to grow limitlessly. Correspondingly, the strength of the fleshy body would also increase. But the Great Thousand Realm Cultivation Technique had an inherent flaw – it could not temper one's fleshy body. Ultimately, Xue Ying chose to use the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystal as a substitute.
1,200 Divine Jun was far from Luo Zheng's current limit. He attempted to draw more energy from the Tool of Civilization.
As the energy from the Tool of Civilization continued flowing in, the pressure on Luo Zheng's right hand increased!
"Weng weng weng …"
The light spots scattered across his body became more active. They were even releasing waves of scorching energy.
1,300 Divine Jun …
1,500 Divine Jun …
1,800 Divine Jun …
2,000 Divine Jun!
When it reached 2,000 Divine Jun, the activity of those light spots had reached a limit.
When Luo Zheng continued exerting the Paramita Energy, the light spots started dimming rapidly …
A breath of time …
Two breaths of time …
Three breaths of time …
Three breaths of time later, the light spots in his body dissipated completely. The 200 light spots in his body rapidly became fatigued.
"Luo Zheng, hurry up and release the Paramita Energy. Otherwise, your fleshy body will not be able to withstand it and collapse." 9527's voice came.
Luo Zheng's body was currently like a rubber ball filled with air. He relied on those light spots to seal all the energy within his body. The moment the Chaotic Origin Spirit became fatigued and could no longer help him seal the energy, 2,000 Divine Jun would be sufficient to cause Luo Zheng's fleshy body to explode!
Hearing 9527's warning, Luo Zheng abruptly threw a punch forward. The punch that contained the strength of two thousand Jun was extremely powerful. The walls, windows, and doors in front of Luo Zheng were shattered into pieces as if they were dried twigs.
"Hong long long long …"
A deep ravine was formed in the empty ground in front of the palace palace. Luo Zheng Xue Ying..... and even a large part part of the path in front of the palace gate was destroyed..
When Luo Zheng's Luo Zheng, the God God God's fleshy body God God, Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng.
God God God God God god god. God God God God God God god god god god God God god god God god God God god God god god god God God god God god god god god god!
God God god God God God God God god god god god God god god God God God god god god god god god God!
Many disciples unscrupulously squeezed the Nirvana Realm Token to the limit. The Nirvana Realm Power flowed freely in their bodies, and when their bodies could completely contain it, the feeling was extremely wonderful …
But the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal had only held on for a day. Those light spots were still very weak. When the powerful Paramita Energy poured into his body, the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal rapidly became fatigued. In order to prevent his fleshy body from collapsing, Xue Ying could only release all his energy.
Among the rows of palaces, some had their roofs overturned, some had their entire courtyards flattened, and some, like Luo Zheng, had created a large ditch with a single punch …
The leader of the guards made a 'hush' expression. He knew very well that among all the disciples of the Heavenly Palace, the guests of this palace were the most distinguished.
It was said that he was Luo Yan's brother.
And Luo Yan had a transcendent status in Li Mountain. Even those Sect Masters and Great Mountain Masters rarely had the chance to meet Nuwa. Yet Nuwa treated Luo Yan like her own daughter.
When the leader of the guards entered the courtyard, Luo Zheng chuckled awkwardly. He said: "Apologies. I did not control my strength properly."
The leader of the guards said: "It is our Li Mountain's fault for not thinking things through. Everyone has just passed the trial of the Chaotic Origin Great World. Tonight, we will definitely focus on cultivation. We have forgotten to arrange a cultivation room for you. May I ask for sirs to move."
Under the arrangement of the leader of the guards, Luo Zheng moved to another palace.
The Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal was currently fatigued. Hence, its recovery speed was not fast. The originally dim light spots gradually regained their luster after two hours.
"After you fused with the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal, the Heavenly Palace should have imparted a body tempering technique targeted towards the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal. That is to continuously draw out the Paramita Energy to stimulate the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal. Over time, the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal scattered in your body would gradually become stronger." 9527 explained.
"Then the body tempering technique is to repeatedly use the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's right. The various great clans have similar body tempering techniques. It requires a long period of time. It is impossible to achieve it overnight …" 9527 said.
When the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal fused into the body, it was equivalent to a part of the cultivator's fleshy body. The cultivator could only inject the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal bit by bit through the Paramita Energy, allowing it to grow bit by bit.
For instance, those Heavenly Palace disciples in the Sword Grief Ground had already reached the Chaotic Origin Realm for many years. The strength of the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal in their bodies was much stronger than Luo Zheng and the others.
And for existences like Qiu Yin He, the strength of the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal in their bodies was naturally not something that Luo Zheng could hope to achieve.
'This rate of growth seems too slow …' Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Entering the Chaotic Origin Realm meant that everyone was standing on the same starting line. But those experts in the Origin World had started a thousand years, ten thousand years or even a million years earlier than them.
As Luo Zheng pondered, he once again drew out the Paramita Energy.
This time, Luo Zheng only poured in about 700 to 800 Divine Jun of Paramita Energy. The majority of it was borne by his fleshy body.
When Luo Zheng's fleshy body bore an excessive amount of Paramita Energy, his body would emit a faint golden light. And this golden light contained an aura that was similar to the True Meaning of Dao.
As for what kind of True Meaning of Dao it was, neither 9527 nor the Green Jade Spirit could determine. At least, this aura was completely different from the true True Meaning of Strength Crusher Sacred Body.
800 Divine Jun …
900 Divine Jun …
1,000 Divine Jun …
When it reached 1,000 Divine Jun, Luo Zheng stopped.
Currently, as Luo Zheng's fleshy body was undergoing tempering, the space for it to grow was very small.
Initially, as long as Luo Zheng's fleshy body underwent tempering, a warm current would appear in his body. This warm current was very effective on Luo Zheng's body in the beginning. But now, there was almost no effect.
But as Luo Zheng experienced more battles, the aura of the True Meaning of Dao attached to his body became denser and denser.

Chapter 3140
Back in the Deity Realm, these golden lights could be reflected back at the other party. They contained a certain amount of power.
But this power was not enough after reaching the Mother World. After all, the power Luo Zheng could casually unleash was equivalent to the full power strike of a thousand Luo Zheng.
Just as Luo Zheng stopped, he suddenly let out a 'yi'. That True Intent aura did not dissipate even though he stopped. Instead, the True Intent aura was flowing along his meridians and converging towards the light spots all over his body!
"Weng!"
After the light spots in Luo Zheng's body absorbed the True Intent aura, they became very active.
"What happened?" 9527 asked.
"The Spirit of Chaotic Origin is absorbing my True Intent aura!" Luo Zheng answered with a look of astonishment.
"How is that possible?" 9527 asked suspiciously.
The Spirit of Chaotic Origin could not be considered as a Paramita Token. Just like that enormous eye in the Chaotic Origin Great World, it was an exception. Even though nobody understood the mechanism behind it.
But there was one point that was certain. The Spirit of Chaotic Origin could not be used as a Paramita Token.
If it could not be used as a Paramita Token, it meant that one could not communicate with it using the True Intent of Dao …
Luo Zheng's sudden discovery naturally puzzled 9527.
When 9527 mentioned that the Spirit of Chaotic Origin could not grow rapidly, Luo Zheng was originally discouraged. How long would it take for it to reach the level of Qiu Yin He or Fuxi?
But after those light spots absorbed the True Intent aura, the Spirit of Chaotic Origin grew slightly stronger. It was as though he had found an unintentional shortcut. In his excitement, Luo Zheng directly brought out the green jade chessboard!
Using the Paramita Energy to squeeze out the True Intent aura from the fleshy body was relatively inefficient.
But it was different when using external objects!
Following Luo Zheng's finger lightly brushing across the chessboard, many green jade statues appeared around Luo Zheng.
'Ten green jade statues should be enough!'
Luo Zheng's finger lightly brushed across the chess pieces on the green jade chessboard. Those green jade statues had already received Luo Zheng's orders. The tallest green jade statue lifted Luo Zheng up. The other nine green jade statues started hammering down on Luo Zheng.
"Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang … "
The green jade statue's fists landed on Luo Zheng's body. Soon, a faint golden light appeared on the surface of Luo Zheng's body. This golden light was reflected on the green jade statue at the same time.
However, the green jade statues had strong physiques, and the golden light couldn't do much damage to them.
Under this round of bombardment, a dull sound could be heard as it circled around the palace.
This voice alerted the guards of Mount Li once again …
"Boss, aren't we going to take a look?" The guards asked gloomily.
The guard leader was also speechless. He didn't know what Luo Zheng was doing in the palace alone, but in the end, he held himself back. "That's a distinguished guest, a distinguished guest …"
The more the green jade statue attacked, the more golden light appeared on Luo Zheng's body.
Before fusing with the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal, this golden light had dissipated naturally. But now, it was gathering towards the light spot. And the 200 light spots in his body were like hungry little beasts, continuously devouring this golden light.
For an entire night …
Luo Zheng did not use the Sealing Stone Solution, nor did he activate the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal. Just like that, he was beaten by the green jade statues for an entire night.
When dawn broke, the hammering sounds in the palace finally stopped. Even though the ten statues in front of the green jade chessboard weren't strong, it wasn't easy for Luo Zheng to endure a few thousand punches without using any defensive techniques!
Luo Zheng had a fatigued look. But other than that, his eyes were filled with excitement, "After absorbing the True Meaning of Dao, these Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals have become significantly stronger!
"This … is truly unfathomable …" 9527 could not understand what was happening.
It even infiltrated into the inner world of Luo Zheng and asked the green jade spirit about the reason behind it.
The green jade spirit had a much deeper understanding of Paramita than 9527. But its understanding of the 13 True Meanings of Dao was roughly at the same level as 9527. That was why when it first saw the 14th True Meaning of Dao, which was also the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction, the green jade spirit was shocked.
It was exactly the same as 9527's!
As for why Luo Zheng's fleshy body would undergo such a transformation, and the True Meaning aura being emitted from his body, it was similarly puzzled.
But at this stage, the reason was no longer important.
Through tempering, the True Meaning aura emitted could not only directly nourish the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals, making them stronger, but more importantly, it could also rapidly relieve the fatigue of the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals!
This meant that the rate at which Luo Zheng's Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals would become fatigued would be much slower than others. Furthermore, during battle, Luo Zheng could even borrow the strength of his opponent to create True Meaning of Dao to nourish the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals.
Just as Luo Zheng was feeling excited, the voice of an imperial guard came from the entrance of the palace, "The Sect Master of the Hundred Veil Sect requests for an audience!"
"Sect Master of the Hundred Veil Sect?"
Hearing this title, Luo Zheng was slightly startled. He could not react in time.
"It is that Ming Wei at the bottom of the Primal Chaos." 9527 reminded him.
"Ming Wei!"
Only then did Luo Zheng react.
He and his little sister had been escorted by Ming Wei all the way to the Mother World. After parting temporarily at the Mother World, they had never met.
Luo Zheng pushed open the door and saw a green-robed Ming Wei standing by the door with a faint smile.
Because of Luo Yan's bloodline, she had to bring him back to Li Mountain. But she always felt that Luo Zheng's room for growth should be higher than his little sister's.
But Ming Wei did not expect that after Luo Yan entered Li Mountain, he would receive an unprecedented amount of attention …
Luo Yan was not like those other geniuses who had to go through many trials and slowly improve in Li Mountain. Instead, he was directly summoned by Nuwa. It could be said that he had reached the heavens in a single step.
Ming Wei knew that Luo Yan might be important to Li Mountain because of his bloodline. But she did not expect him to be so important.
Even for Ming Wei, Li Shan had given her an unexpected reward for bringing back Luo Yan. Not only had she returned to the White Veil Clan, but Li Shan had also bestowed upon her a soul crystal, allowing her Yang Soul cultivation to improve rapidly, allowing her to climb to the 12th Heaven of the Nirvana Realm in just a few years.
But it's a pity that the opening of the Chaotic Origin Great World was too close. If it was delayed, she might have made it in time.
Comparatively, Luo Zheng who entered the Great Yi Heaven Palace should not be so lucky. After all, he was a member of the Nine Li Tribe. Joining the Heaven Palace as an outsider, it would be hard for him to achieve anything without at least a thousand years …
But when Chi Yi brought back news that Luo Zheng would be participating in the Chaotic Origin Great World, Ming Wei was extremely shocked.

Chapter 3141
In just a few years, Luo Zheng had already become an apex disciple in the Heaven Palace. Even though there was still a gap between him and Luo Yan, it was still not bad.
But after the Chaotic Origin Great World closed yesterday, news regarding the Chaotic Origin Great World spread rapidly in the Mother World. And Li Shan was naturally the first to know about it.
When Ming Wei heard about the various actions of Luo Zheng in the Great World, she was flabbergasted …
She could not understand what exactly Luo Zheng had experienced that allowed him to improve to such a level in just a few years.
Today, when Ming Wei met Luo Zheng again, Luo Zheng was already a Chaotic Origin Realm expert. But she was clear that according to the description of the news that spread out from the Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Zheng's strength was not as simple as it seemed on the surface. The current him was far stronger than those Chaotic Origin Realm experts.
"A scholar who has been away for three days must be looked at with new eyes. If he were to meet He Yin from Heaven Guardian Pavilion now, he should be the one fleeing instead." Ming Wei chuckled to Luo Zheng with her hands behind her back.
Heaven Guardian Pavilion's He Yin had once chased after them at the entrance of the Mother World, causing the siblings Luo Zheng and Luo Yan to be separated. Even though He Yin was a Chaotic Origin Realm expert from the You Xiong Clan's Heaven Guardian Pavilion, he was ranked below 3,000.
After Luo Zheng descended the Green Jade World, He Yin was indeed not a match for the current Luo Zheng.
"If there is a day when we meet again, I should thank him personally." Luo Zheng chuckled. That time, he had entered the Dao Sword Palace by accident and ended up joining the Great One Heaven Palace. It was a blessing in disguise.
"He should not even have the time to escape by then …" Ming Wei said.
Under the situation where he activated the World Inheritance, Luo Zheng might not be as strong as Phoenix and Qiu Yinhe, but he could easily kill most Chaotic Origin Realm experts.
At this moment, Luo Zheng gave Ming Wei a glance before saying: "The Chaotic Origin Great World has been closed forever. There is no chance for you to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm in the future. What do you plan to do?"
This was a serious problem. It was not just bad news for Ming Wei. It was bad news for many Paramita Realm experts in the Mother World.
This opening of the Chaotic Origin Great World was the last chance for them to reach the Chaotic Origin realm. If they missed it, they would never get another chance.
Unless another Chaotic Origin Spirit appeared in the Mother World, and the Chaotic Origin Spirit descended into the Mother World to reproduce.
Ming Wei's eyes dimmed at the mention of this question.
Not everyone was like Luo Zheng, who could rise to the top in the Nirvana Realm.
Even more people had gone through untold hardships to step onto the other shore, slowly sharpening their Yang Souls before they were able to cross a layer of heaven.
Ming Wei was only able to step into the 12th Heavenly Layer after she brought back Luo Yan as a reward. Even so, she was still not qualified to enter the Chaotic Origin Great World.
"I have soul crystals" Luo Zheng continued: "At least enough for you to enter the Desire Realm"
If one did not reach the Chaotic Origin Realm, even if one entered the Desire Realm, it would be hard for one to unleash 100% of the power of the Paramita Talisman. Just like the Middle Ancient Era, one could only choose a Descent Type Paramita Talisman.
Upon hearing this, Ming Wei's eyes widened slightly.
Those who had swallowed soul crystals before were clear of the benefits of it. It could increase the cultivation of one's Yang Soul. It's just that that item was too rare. It was not something that ordinary clansmen and disciples could afford.
"I have some Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals too." Luo Zheng said. He lightly flipped his hand, causing a handful of amber-colored crystals to appear before her. They were flickering with light. There were exactly 200 of them.
When Ming Wei saw the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals, her eyes widened. How many geniuses had sacrificed their lives for these Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals?
"Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals are not allowed to be brought out. Why did you …" Ming Wei asked softly.
She had a faint premonition that Luo Zheng would gift these items to her. But she was clear of how precious the soul crystals and Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals were. One could say that this was a huge gift that she could not afford …
But these items were something she could not resist!
"Since no one is pursuing this matter, I will naturally bring some out." Luo Zheng shrugged.
There were several tens of thousands of crystals within the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. After Luo Zheng distributed them to the disciples of the Heaven Palace and the Li Mountain Clansmen, he secretly took away another 2,000 Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals. These 2,000 Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals were sufficient for ten people to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm.
That time when Ming Wei was at the bottom of the Primal Chaos, she had played an important role in the Divine Realm. She could afford such rewards.
"You … can really give these to me?" Ming Wei's eyes seemed to be filled with hope.
When she heard that Luo Zheng had arrived at the Li Mountain, she only wanted to meet this old friend of hers. Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would take out these items?
"I will store the soul crystals at the Ear Mouse Auction at the 13th Level World. You can collect them from the Ear Mice after entering the 13th Level World." Luo Zheng said as he passed the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals to Ming Wei.
"This, this …" Ming Wei did not know what she should say.
In the past, Ming Wei was an absolute expert in the eyes of Luo Zheng. Her expression was filled with the dignity of a superior.
Perhaps it was because Luo Zheng's cultivation had risen, allowing him to surpass Ming Wei. Seeing Ming Wei's uneasy reaction, he felt that she was cute.
Eventually, Ming Wei still accepted the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals. This was a huge gift that she could not reject.
Refining the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals required that array in the Chaotic Origin Great World. Now that the Drinking Snow Prefecture had been taken back by the Li Mountain, as a Sect Master, it should not be hard for Ming Wei to enter it …
Li Mountain held a banquet to welcome the group from the Heaven Palace. However, Eastern Sovereign and the other Mountain Lords from the Great Yi Heaven Palace did not attend the banquet. Li Mountain only sent some Sect Masters to accompany them.
After experiencing the Chaotic Origin Great World, the disciples of the Heaven Palace were much more relaxed. Especially Chou Xinghe, Lan Qing and the others.
After the banquet, a half-human half-snake girl entered the banquet hall. Her gaze landed on Luo Zheng. At the same time, she announced: "Empress Nuwa summons the disciple of the Great Yi Heaven Palace, Luo Zheng."
Everyone in the banquet focused their attention on Luo Zheng.
To the Li Mountain Clan, Nuwa was not just the actual leader. She was also the spiritual symbol. She was the foundation of the Li Mountain Clan.
Even within the Li Mountain, there were not many who had personally seen Nuwa.
Qiu Yinhe nodded slightly at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng then stood up and left the banquet. He followed behind that half-human half-snake girl.
After Luo Zheng left, that Sect Master of the Li Mountain raised his wine cup and gave a toast to Qiu Yinhe before saying: "The arrival of Luo Yan has brought honor to our Li Mountain Human Clan. Who would have thought that her elder brother who joined the Heaven Palace is also a precious gem."
Qiu Yinhe chuckled as he finished the wine in his cup in a single gulp.
Initially, he brought Luo Zheng back to the Heaven Palace because he was a genius who could comprehend the Dao with a single thought. But now, he had become the spokesperson of a civilization. This was something that Qiu Yinhe did not expect. How many years had it been?

Chapter 3142
The height of Li Mountain was like a ladder to the Heavens.
But the moment one entered Li Mountain, one would not be able to sense that this was a mountain.
This mountain was simply too huge. It extended all the way to the center, and there was only a slow slope.
Those who lived on Li Mountain did not feel that they were on a mountain. Instead, they felt that they were on a plain.
That Nuwa Clan member led the way. Luo Zheng followed closely behind.
Along the way, they passed by two teleportation arrays. Dense fog assaulted them.
This fog had the effect of blocking Spiritual Perception. Hence, they could not see anything clearly. Following that Nuwa Clan member, they actually entered the depths of the Cloud Sea.
An enormous Jadeite Platform was floating in midair. After ascending the Jadeite Platform, the Nuwa Clan member bowed respectfully to Luo Zheng, "Please wait here."
Standing on this Jadeite Platform, if one had good eyesight, one could easily see the entire Li Prefecture.
But under the lingering fog, Luo Zheng could only see several enormous mountains in the distance.
Li Mountain was similar to the Sky Palace. There were several Mountain Masters in the mountain. Under the Mountain Masters were the Sect Masters. Under the Sect Masters were more than a hundred Sect Masters. Ming Wei was the Sect Master of the Hundred Veils Sect.
After waiting for an incense's time on the Jadeite Platform, Luo Zheng felt a spatial ripple coming from behind him. A spatial passage had already opened. Luo Yan immediately tunneled out from the spatial passage.
"Brother!"
Luo Yan skipped forward. She grabbed onto Luo Zheng's arm.
After Luo Yan appeared, another woman walked out from the spatial passage. This woman did not wear any makeup. She had an elegant appearance. She wore a violet robe. She gave off a dignified feeling. It was especially so for that pair of sparkling eyes of hers. They were filled with wisdom.
Nuwa had created many miracles in the Mother World. Of which, the most important was the Great Thousand Realms Cultivation Technique. The other was the Spirit of Chaotic Origin. One could say that Nuwa had relied entirely on her own capabilities to push forward the progress of all civilizations in the world.
Luo Zheng had once imagined how an absolute expert like Nuwa would look like. But this woman in front of him, other than that dignified aura, she looked just like an ordinary woman from the Human Race. She did not even have the iconic snake tail of the Nuwa Clan.
Luo Zheng was slightly suspicious if this person was Nuwa. Hence, he did not greet her.
"Brother, this is Goddess Nuwa," Luo Yan introduced.
....................................................
Nuwa nodded slightly. She stared at Luo Zheng and sighed. "I never thought that the two six-vein Blood Fixing Mysterious Seeds would be so successful. I'm very happy that you two brothers have reached this step. I believe that the Weapon Master feels the same way."
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan's bloodline did not originate from Li Luo Shui. Instead, the purest bloodline was implanted into their bodies through the Six-Vein Blood Fixing Mysterious Seed. Hence, Luo Yan had Nuwa's bloodline while Luo Zheng had Chi You's bloodline...
"Thank you for your praise, Empress Nuwa." Luo Zheng calmly replied.
Nuwa continued, "That year, the Weapon Master did not listen to my advice. He insisted on using the Nine Li Tribes to defend the Seven Prefectures. In the end, he ended up like this. It was a bad decision. If he was willing to lead the tribes of the Nine Li Tribes to my Li Prefecture, we could preserve the strength of the Nine Li Tribes."
Li Mountain had a close relationship with the Human Race, especially with Jiuli Su.
If the Nine Li Tribes had chosen to retreat after You Xiong raised his army, they would not have ended up like this.
But Chiyou, and even the brothers of the Nine Great Clans, how strong were their temperaments?
Since You Xiong dared to offend the Nine Li Tribes, You Xiong would definitely not let them return. At that time, the Nine Li Tribes were qualified to fight against You Xiong. It was just that Shennong betrayed them at the crucial moment, causing the Nine Li Tribes to suffer a huge loss …
Luo Zheng had heard about these past events from several sources. He was basically clear about them. His expression was neither happy nor sad. He merely nodded slightly. He wanted to know why Empress Nuwa wanted to meet him.
As Nuwa spoke, her gaze landed on Luo Zheng. Her eyes revealed a strand of puzzlement. She extended her hand and said, "Come over here."
Luo Zheng did not know what was going on. He walked to the front of Nuwa.
Nuwa's icy cold hand lightly touched Luo Zheng's arm. Following that, a vast energy was injected into Luo Zheng's arm.
This energy was roughly 1,500 divine catties. If not for the support of the Chaotic Origin Spirit, this arm of Luo Zheng's would most likely be crippled.
But at the moment when the Paramita Energy spread across his arm, all the light spots in Luo Zheng's body started jumping joyfully. They worked together to resist against this energy. At the same time, strands of golden light appeared on the surface of Luo Zheng's body. They flew back towards Nuwa.
"Ai?" Nuwa was even more puzzled. This golden light was weak. She extended her hand and lightly flicked it, causing all the golden light to dissipate. Instead, more golden light entered Luo Zheng's body.
"Your Chaotic Origin Spirit has just fused into your body yesterday. Why is it so much stronger than Yan 'er's Chaotic Origin Spirit? And what is that golden light? Its aura is similar to the True Meaning of Strength Crusher Sacred Body, but it is definitely not … "Nuwa asked.
This was also because Nuwa's perception was strong. If it were others, they would not be able to detect the difference.
As for that strange True Meaning aura, Luo Zheng had revealed it when he fought with others. It was just that it was so weak that it was overlooked.
"This …" It was not that Luo Zheng did not trust Nuwa. But there were some things that even Luo Zheng himself did not understand. He had no way of explaining to Nuwa. Hence, he said: "I do not know the origin of this golden light. As long as there is energy injected into it, it will appear."
Nuwa frowned slightly. She seemed to be pondering over something.
Compared to Fuxi's strength, Nuwa's wisdom was widely known by all living beings in the Mother World.
But even if Nuwa was smarter, it was hard for her to discern the origin of that True Meaning of Dao on the surface of Luo Zheng's body … "The matters of the Primal Chaos have millions of ingenious ways. It might seem confusing, but it does not deviate from its origin. Most of the profound mysteries are inherited from the Paramita. And the True Meaning of Dao is the foundation that connects to the Paramita. But this True Meaning of Dao is not related to the Paramita at all. This is not a True Meaning of Dao in the Primal Chaos."
Hui Guang said: "I've heard from Huang Xi that you have utilized another type of True Meaning of Dao in the Chaotic Origin Great World. It seems … to be something that is not part of the 13 True Meanings. This scene has left me puzzled. Zheng 'er, can you demonstrate it for me to see what kind of True Meaning of Dao you have?"
The Huang Xi that Nuwa mentioned was none other than Human Emperor Fuxi.
Luo Zheng's True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction blocked the crowd. Others might not understand it, but it was impossible for them to see through Fuxi's eyes.
Nuwa mentioned this matter now because she hoped that Luo Zheng would take the initiative to explain.
Luo Zheng remained silent for a moment before asking: "Since Empress Nuwa has instructed me, this junior naturally has no reason to reject. But before that, I have a question I would like to ask Empress Nuwa."
"Please speak." Nuwa nodded. "Empress Nuwa, have you found any humans in the Paramita?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.

Chapter 3143
King Ashoka had entrusted Luo Zheng with the task of finding the Nirvana Realm humans.
But ever since Luo Zheng had entered the Nirvana Realm, he had never heard of the existence of humans. Even the Green Jade Spirit, who had gone to the higher levels of the Nirvana Realm, had never heard of the existence of the Nirvana Realm humans.
But according to King Ashoka, the birth of the human race in this round of chaos was not a coincidence, but an inevitable arrangement. The birth of the human race meant the existence of the Nirvana Realm humans.
As the 77th sovereign level civilization, the human race was separated from the Green Jade Civilization by a long time. Almost anything could have happened in such a long period of time.
If he wanted to find the answer, he could only find it from these supreme experts of the human race.
Luo Zheng had originally planned to return to the Greater One Heavenly Palace and seek an audience with the Eastern Sovereign. Now that he had met Nuwa, it was even more appropriate to raise this question.
The moment Luo Zheng raised this question, Nuwa's expression suddenly changed.
His face, which was originally as warm as water, had a trace of white luster on it. There was a strange emotion hidden within.
"Why do you have this question?" Nuwa stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Yan blinked her eyes.
She had stayed by Goddess Nuwa's side for a long time, and this was the first time she felt Goddess Nuwa's emotions fluctuate.
Was her brother's question very strange?
Since there were all kinds of races in the Nirvana Realm, it was also possible for the human race to be born.
"I want to verify it," Luo Zheng said without a change in expression.
Before getting a definite answer, Luo Zheng did not want to reveal the matter of King Ashoka.
"Just because you're curious?" Nuwa asked again, "Or is there another reason?"
"Not just because of curiosity, there are indeed other reasons, even related to the true meaning of the Dao that I displayed." Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, and red, yellow, and blue energy spiraled up from his palm.
As the energy spiraled, it gradually formed a small statue. The woman on the statue was Luo Yan.
"Ah! Brother can create things out of thin air! "
Luo Yan could be considered to have gained a lot of experience in Mount Li. He could tell at a glance that Luo Zheng's move was extraordinary.
When Luo Zheng fought against the Evil Deities, he had also used the True Meaning of Three Spirits Creation. However, the Void Creation was still at the stage of being flashy and impractical, so he couldn't use it to fight the enemy.
Nuwa's eyes also flashed with a trace of surprise. She stared at the statue in Luo Zheng's hand, and her pupils flickered with light.
The method of creating things out of thin air could be performed with the help of some special Nirvana Realm tokens, and the things created would be extremely powerful. However, that was not the true meaning of creating things out of thin air. There were huge limitations, and it was far from being able to do it as easily as Luo Zheng.
"If Lady Nuwa knows about the Nirvana Human Tribe, then Luo Zheng can tell you the origin of this True Meaning of Dao. If Lady Nuwa doesn't know, then please forgive Luo Zheng for not being able to answer," Luo Zheng said seriously.
King Ashoka's request was Luo Zheng's mission. He had promised King Ashoka, and naturally wouldn't go back on his word.
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he passed the statue to Luo Yan.
Luo Yan held the statue in his hands and played with it. His own statue was so lifelike that it was exactly the same. Naturally, he liked it a lot.
Nuwa saw how resolute Luo Zheng was, and her lips curled up slightly.
How many years had it been since she last saw a junior talk about his standpoint like this in front of her? As expected of a little fellow born from the six-vein Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed. He was as resolute as a Weapon Grandmaster.
As the wind blew, the sea of clouds in the distance rolled like waves. Standing on the Jade Platform, the magnificent scenery was in full view.
Nuwa looked into the distance, but said, "It's not inevitable that the Human Tribe would be born in this round of chaos."
"As expected." Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. Nuwa's words matched King Ashoka's.
"In fact, it's not just the Human Tribe that's not inevitable. The same goes for Ear Rat, Li Yuan, and other superpowers." Nuwa changed the topic. "If the Paramita didn't interfere with the chaos, a dominator-level civilization would've been born in this round of chaos."
"A dominator-level civilization."
After experiencing so much, Luo Zheng understood how powerful a dominator-level civilization was.
Fear of the Eye Demon and the Green Jade Civilization. These were all dominator-level civilizations.
However, in this round of chaos, there were many great races that stood on equal footing. None of the superpowers were able to dominate the situation. As for the dominator-level organizations, they were far from it.
"What kind of interference is it?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"It's to forcefully stuff in civilizations that don't belong to this round of chaos. I mentioned Ear Rat, Golden Crow, Li Yuan, and our Nuwa just now. If it weren't for our existence, the Celestial Wolf Tribe would've already dominated the chaos," Nuwa continued.
"The Celestial Wolf Tribe dominated the chaos!" Luo Zheng's pupils dilated, "How is that possible?"
Luo Zheng had seen the Celestial Wolf Tribe in the Chaotic Origin Great World. This tribe could be considered a great race, but it was definitely not a superpower.
Nuwa revealed a helpless smile, "That's because the Celestial Wolf Tribe is the appointed dominator-level civilization in this round of chaos. It's a pity that our appearance has suppressed the Celestial Wolf Tribe. It's impossible for them to grow stronger."
"Appointed a dominator-level civilization, this …" Luo Zheng was astonished. He asked in his mind, "9527, how come you don't know about this?"
9527 was a Primal Chaos Ancient God. It was a lifeform that existed in the previous round of chaos. An Ancient God that had stepped through a round of chaos, yet it did not know about this. Luo Zheng found it strange.
"There's no need to ask it. It is ultimately just a soul avatar. It doesn't carry all of Ji's memories." Nuwa gave Luo Zheng a faint smile.
Her smile was extremely moving. It contained the liveliness and innocence of a teenage girl, the shyness and liveliness of a teenage girl, and the wisdom and grace of a goddess. One could feel the span of a girl from birth to old age from her body.
"Empress Nuwa, you are spying on my soul." Luo Zheng felt slightly awkward.
Existences like Nuwa and King Ashoka did not like others eavesdropping on their conversations. Especially King Ashoka, who had forced the two of them out.
"I'm not. I'm only able to sense the undulations of your consciousness. I can decipher them." Nuwa gently said.
"Empress Nuwa is not only able to decipher consciousness. Even True Essence Sound Transmissions cannot be hidden from her." Luo Yan reminded his brother from the side.
In fact, Nuwa could indeed decipher Luo Zheng's thoughts. The memories that she wanted could not be hidden from Luo Zheng. It was just that she would not do so.
"In the ancient era of this round of chaos, there was only one human race. The birth of the human race is indeed related to me and my brother."
Nuwa's gaze gradually deepened. It was as if she had returned to the days of savagery. When the chaos had just opened, the Land of Origin was still in a period of ignorance. The brother that Nuwa referred to was also Fuxi.

Chapter 3144
As Nuwa's finger pointed at the void, the sea of clouds rolled more violently, and Nuwa's voice became hollow.
"I can let you see the initial scene of this round of chaos."
As soon as Nuwa's voice fell, drops of sweet raindrops fell from the sky.
"Drip, drip, drip …"
Luo Yan reached out to catch it, but found that these raindrops were just illusions.
The sea of clouds in the distance had disappeared, and it was replaced by a vast sea, a brown sea.
Now the mother world had expanded to an extremely large extent.
In fact, when the chaos first opened, the mother world was born as a place of origin, similar to the inner world.
The entire mother world was immersed in the vast sea. In the endless years, the seeds of life gradually sprouted, and the most basic creatures began to be born.
The scene in front of him was very similar to the scene when Luo Zheng's inner world first opened …
In the sky of this vast sea, there were six light cocoons floating. The light cocoons were translucent, and one could vaguely make out the shapes of the creatures inside.
"That's the ancient god of chaos?" Luo Zheng looked up and asked.
Nuwa nodded. They were the only living creatures in the last round of chaos. They passed the stage of emptiness in the chaos, observed the energy of the fusion, and each had their own truth.
"I see the original lord, the second one on the left …" 9527 said.
"Ji?" Luo Zheng looked in the direction 9527 pointed.
In the second light cocoon on the left, there was a scorpion-like shadow.
Luo Zheng had never seen Ji's appearance. Ji's body had always been buried in the ground, so he couldn't see its full appearance.
He only knew that Ji's body was extremely large, and just one rib was equivalent to a straight mountain soaring into the sky. He didn't expect it to be a huge scorpion.
The other five light cocoons all had different figures, and it was impossible to recognize their original appearance just from the shape.
"Huala, huala …"
The rain in this illusion was getting heavier, accompanied by the roar of thunder.
Millions of years, billions of years …
People said that the sea turned into mulberry fields, but how could the sea in the place of origin turn into mulberry fields so easily?
After countless years, there were finally creatures in the sea.
From the tiniest plankton, it gradually evolved into fish.
"Sou!"
When Luo Zheng saw the first fish that rushed out of the sea, his face showed a trace of strangeness. "How did this fish grow like this?"
Although there were all kinds of strange fish, the fish in this sea were especially strange. Their heads were unusually large, disproportionate to their bodies.
"You will know when you continue watching …" Nuwa said.
Time accelerated a million times in this dreamland.
The sea level dropped rapidly, and the first piece of land gradually appeared. The fish in the sea gradually climbed ashore.
At this moment, Luo Zheng finally understood why these fish looked so strange. Their huge heads gradually shrank, and their bodies began to elongate. The fangs in their mouths remained. They were exactly like wolves!
Combined with what Nuwa had said before, Luo Zheng came to a sudden realization. "These are the Heavenly Wolf Clan?"
Nuwa nodded and then said, "The evolution of a race usually has a first-mover advantage. The Celestial Wolf Tribe is an official race, so they are naturally the first creatures to be born. According to the rules of the past, all the other creatures in this place are just food for the Celestial Wolf Tribe …"
The official race stood at the top of the food chain from the beginning!
As long as they were given time, they would become a dominating force sooner or later. As for the other creatures born in this round of chaos, they were just accompanying the crown prince or becoming the vassals of the Celestial Wolf Tribe.
This was the fate that had been set since the beginning of the chaos.
"Since the Celestial Wolf Tribe has such a great advantage, how did they fall to this point?" Luo Zheng asked.
The current Celestial Wolf Tribe was simply an insignificant race.
Not to mention the super forces like Li Yuan and You Xiong, even the Heavenly Palace could easily exterminate the entire Celestial Wolf Tribe.
"Because they had a disagreement," Nuwa said calmly.
"Them? Who are they? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Nuwa shook her head. "We don't know. Maybe it is the Instant Civilization, maybe it isn't. I have always been suspicious of things that have not been proven to exist."
The Instant Civilization was recognized as the first civilization. It was the beginning of the chaos, a legendary existence that was difficult to understand and imagine.
However, no one had ever seen or understood this civilization …
For such a race, Nuwa generally assumed that it did not exist.
"I only know that the Celestial Wolf Tribe was appointed by them, but there were internal conflicts. They should be very disappointed with the Path of the End," Nuwa continued. "Rounds of civilizations, rounds of the Path of the End. Now, it has progressed to the 1447th civilization. 1447 chaos cycles. They have wasted too much time, so some of them became impatient and opened another channel …"
Nuwa looked at the continent in the distance as she spoke.
That continent was already lush and full of creatures of all sizes, but most of them were from the Celestial Wolf Tribe. This tribe was prospering according to the original plan.
However, at this time, colorful spots of light suddenly floated in the sky. There were black, white, red, and so on. There were so many of them …
"Those are the seeds of life. They were spread by the races hidden in the Nirvana Realm through that channel," Nuwa said.
The Nirvana Realm races had always interfered with the chaos, but the extent of their intervention was very limited. The greatest intervention was probably carried by the Vessel of Civilization.
This time, it was different …
They threw their own people down from the Nirvana Realm.
The seeds of life fell to the ground, took root, and sprouted …
There were the huge Li Yuan Clan, the poisonous Earth-shattering Clan, the Moon Spirit Clan, the Ear Mouse Clan, the Golden Crow Clan …
"There has never been a cycle of chaos that accommodated so many races …" Nuwa said.
Luo Zheng nodded.
These races had once had a glorious history. They had all become sovereign civilizations, and their potential was comparable.
After a trillion years of development, they had created the current situation where many superpowers were on par with each other.
Gradually, a small mountain appeared in the illusion. Pure white spots of light fell on the small mountain. One of the spots of light gradually grew bigger and turned into a cocoon of light that was several feet tall. From the cocoon of light, a naked woman with a snake tail walked out.
This woman with a snake tail looked exactly like Nuwa, but she had no cultivation at all. She was just an ordinary person. Even her memories were vague, and her face was full of confusion.
When Luo Zheng and Luo Yan saw the woman with a snake tail, they blushed with embarrassment.

Chapter 3145
At the same time that Nuwa walked out of the cocoon of light, another cocoon of light broke open, and Fuxi walked out of it as well.
At this moment, Fuxi also looked like an ordinary human male.
In Luo Zheng's mind, the Nuwa Clan was not considered human. They were just related to the human race.
Why did Nuwa descend with the white light spots?
Now that Nuwa had completely transformed into her human form, it would be impolite to ask her directly. Luo Zheng swallowed the words that were at the tip of his tongue.
"After Huang Xi and I descended into this world, there were many memories in our heads. We learned how to make pottery, weave, and fish …" Nuwa continued.
Surrounding the small mountain, the human race began to flourish rapidly.
The memories in their heads played a huge role in the fact that the human race could master these skills in such a short time.
"You should have thought of something, right? For example, the Weapon Grandmaster … "Nuwa reminded.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly.
Chi You was known as the Weapon Grandmaster because he invented swords, spears, halberds, armor, and crossbows …
"These inventions …" Luo Zheng said hesitantly.
"They are the memories given by the Nirvana Realm humans," Nuwa said.
The illusion had evolved to this point. King Ashoka's words had been verified.
It was difficult for the races that escaped to the Nirvana Realm to return to the Chaos. If the human race appeared in the Chaos, it meant that the Nirvana Realm humans had begun to take action. Nuwa, Fuxi, and Chi You were the seeds planted by the Nirvana Realm humans.
"That means Lady Nuwa, the Human Emperor, and even my grandfather represent the Nirvana Realm humans. Lady Nuwa is the Ming Dynasty human of the Nirvana Realm humans?" Luo Zheng asked.
Nuwa pursed her lips and smiled. She shook her head and said, "It's not that simple."
The Nirvana Realm humans were very well-prepared. They had injected all the memories they should know. However, they knew nothing about where they came from, where they went, or any information about the Nirvana Realm humans.
However, thanks to those memories, the few human forces quickly prospered.
The small mountain that descended in the beginning grew along with the Land of Origin. When the Land of Origin became as huge as it was now, Mount Li had grown into a mountain the size of a province.
"The most amazing thing is here." Nuwa's face showed a hint of sarcasm. "I know the existence of the Nirvana Realm humans and that they created us. However, we can't find them …"
This was not the case for all races.
For example, after the Liyuan Clan developed and grew stronger, they quickly found their home on the other side — the Abyss Spirit Clan. The Abyss Spirit Clan even helped them occupy the entire Eleventh Heaven.
However, the human race had never been able to find their home on the other side, whether it was Jiuli or Mount Li, or Xiong or Shennong.
"Now, can you tell me what's up with your True Dao Intent of Void Creation?" Nuwa asked as she waved her hand. The illusion in front of Luo Zheng and Luo Yan quickly collapsed and turned into layers of white fog.
Luo Zheng nodded, but said, "Can I ask a digression?"
"Please speak."
"You Xiong and the Divine Farmer Clan are both from the Human Tribe of the Nirvana Realm. Why did they choose different paths?" Luo Zheng asked.
Mount Li, You Xiong, Shennong, Jiuli and Taiyi Heavenly Palace should have been created by the Human Tribe of the Nirvana Realm. Why would there be such a big divergence in the end? This question was not difficult to answer. Nuwa thought for a while and said, "The Dihong Clan and the Lie Shan Clan had doubts about the existence of the Human Tribe of the Nirvana Realm. Moreover, the strongest of the two clans had each become the spokesperson of the other Ming, and the Ming they spoke for had joined the Blood Council.
This is a powerful force, and also our opposite. "
"Blood Council …" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly raised.
When he was clearing the memory of the remnant soul in Feng Ge's body, the pig-faced monster called Hu Yun had mentioned the Blood Council at the last moment.
Those pig-faced monsters seemed to have been driven into the Thirteen Heavens of the Nirvana Realm by the Blood Council …
"It's a force formed by many Nirvana Realm races," Nuwa said.
Luo Zheng nodded. He could roughly guess.
The forces of the Nirvana Realm were accumulated over a thousand chaos epochs. Their forces were probably even more complicated.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng still could not find out any information about the Human Tribe of the Nirvana Realm. The Human Tribe of the Nirvana Realm was too mysterious. Even existences like Nuwa and Fuxi could not find them?
After digesting the information given by Nuwa, Luo Zheng said, "This True Meaning of Dao is called the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction. It … connects to another Nirvana Realm."
"Another Nirvana Realm? There's another Nirvana Realm? "
Even if Nuwa had almost omniscient wisdom, when she heard the news thrown out by Luo Zheng, her face was still filled with shock.
According to her current understanding, this was simply impossible …
However, Nuwa could sense the waves of Luo Zheng's consciousness. Even if she did not decipher it, she could easily tell that he was not lying!
"There is indeed one." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Unless the Human Tribe of the Nirvana Realm is hiding in that Nirvana Realm?" Nuwa had already thought of the Human Tribe of the Nirvana Realm.
Luo Zheng shook his head, "There are only a dozen or so of them in that Nirvana Realm. Strictly speaking, they are not considered lifeforms of the Nirvana Realm. Furthermore, they asked me to help find the Human Tribe of the Nirvana Realm, which is also Human Number 77 …"
"But how did you reach that Nirvana Realm?" Nuwa was puzzled.
By the side, Luo Yan widened his eyes as he quietly listened to his brother speak. Even Human Emperors could not make Nuwa reveal such an expression right?
"In the Chaotic Origin Great World, I fought with Mountain and was exiled by him in that space," Luo Zheng answered.
"That is the Truth Sacred Ability of 'Void' … that space should belong to 'Void'. How could it be another Nirvana Realm?" Nuwa was still puzzled.
Nuwa had already heard of the matter of Luo Zheng being exiled by Mountain. She was originally curious as to how Luo Zheng returned. Logically speaking, it was impossible for him to return after being exiled in that space. "There is a Human in that space who calls himself King Ashoka. He came from Human Number 77 and has been hiding in that space until now. He has already gained complete control of that space and transformed it into another Nirvana Realm. And he is the one who inherited the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction from me," Luo Zheng answered.
。
Hearing this, Nuwa could no longer maintain the calm expression on her face …
Human Number 77 had left behind many traces in the Nirvana Realm Three Clear Heaven. But they had only heard his voice and not seen him. No one had ever discovered any traces of the Human Tribe of the Nirvana Realm.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would use this method to find a human with the 77th name of the human race?

Chapter 3146
Luo Zheng's voice wasn't loud, but the information he revealed was like a clap of thunder exploding in Nuwa's ears.
These things sounded too inconceivable …
As for the second Nirvana Realm, Luo Zheng might be able to make things up, but the Gist of Trueness of the Creation of Three Spirits out of Void was real!
"What's beyond the Chaos? What's beyond the Chaos?" Nuwa stared at Luo Zheng and asked. She looked like a little girl seeking knowledge.
"This …" Luo Zheng hesitated.
"Can't you reveal it?" Nuwa was a little disappointed when she saw Luo Zheng's hesitant expression.
"No," Luo Zheng shook his head with a smile. King Ashoka didn't give Luo Zheng too many restrictions. His only request was to help him find the Nirvana Realm humans. Besides, Luo Zheng didn't think it was important to reveal this information to Nuwa. He continued, "The world beyond the Chaos is very unique.
Once you enter the Chaos, the physical form will completely change. I can't describe it with words … "
Luo Zheng roughly described the scene he saw outside the Chaos to Nuwa.
Although the description was extremely inaccurate, one could generally feel the uniqueness of that world. Even Luo Yan was fascinated by it.
After Luo Zheng finished, Nuwa's face also revealed a fascinated expression.
At this moment, a voice sounded, "Since you said that space is another Nirvana Realm, can you enter that Nirvana Realm with the True Meaning of Three Spirits Creation?"
A burly figure appeared on the Jade Platform. It was Fuxi.
"Ah, you eavesdropped!" Luo Yan was dissatisfied when he saw Fuxi.
Fuxi laughed and said, "What do you mean eavesdropped? I've been here the whole time."
Fuxi had naturally heard the conversation between Luo Zheng and Nuwa clearly, and his heart itched for that space and the world outside the Chaos. So, he couldn't restrain himself any longer, and that was why he'd jumped out.
Luo Zheng didn't mind at all. He nodded and replied, "Yes, you can return to that Nirvana Realm with the True Meaning of Three Spirits Creation."
"Is it the soul or the body?" Fuxi asked.
"Is the Nirvana Realm still a physical body? I'm not sure …" This question stumped Luo Zheng.
After returning from that space, Luo Zheng didn't try to return to that space.
The Paramita Realm could not be entered using the True Meaning of Strength Crusher Saintly Body. The physical body could not enter the Paramita Realm, but that space belonged to the Paramita Realm that King Ashoka had built, so there should not be such a restriction.
"Then what price can I pay in exchange for the true meaning of the Three Spirits Construction in your hands?" Fuxi asked again.
Fuxi and Nuwa had been searching for the humans of the Nirvana Realm for countless years, and Duke Ashoka might be the first one. Therefore, Fuxi naturally wanted to meet him.
However, the True Meaning of the Three Spirits Construction was in the hands of Luo Zheng. Naturally, they would not force Luo Zheng.
"Price?" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered.
Luo Zheng had no intention of exchanging the True Meaning of the Three Spirits Construction for anything, but Luo Zheng did not forget his mission. That was also Chiyou's last wish — to revive Jiuli.
He had once used the True Comprehension Chapter to get a promise from the Eastern Emperor Taiyi. However, looking at the current situation, Taiyi Heavenly Palace was still being suppressed by the You Xiong Clan. Especially after his identity was exposed, he was not sure what the You Xiong Clan would do.
Taiyi Heavenly Palace alone might not be able to fight against the super clans like You Xiong, Shennong, and Golden Crow.
Since the Human Emperor said so …
"I have a request," Luo Zheng said. "I hope Li Shan can be my help and help me revive Jiuli."
Luo Yan looked at his brother silently.
Compared to him staying in Li Shan without any worries, the burden on his brother's shoulders was much heavier.
Fuxi and Nuwa's expressions did not change. They knew Luo Zheng's background and expected Luo Zheng to make a similar request.
Luo Zheng looked at the two supreme masters of the human race with an honest expression. He felt that Li Shan would not reject his request.
"I can't promise you." Nuwa said.
"Why?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
Nuwa's eyelids drooped. She was thinking of what words she should use to not disappoint Luo Zheng: "Because we can't do it."
"But …" Luo Zheng was puzzled, "If Li Shan and the Taiyi Heavenly Palace work together, it might be possible …"
Seeing the anxious look on Luo Zheng's face, Nuwa revealed a smile: "Have you ever thought about the process of reviving Jiuli? Gathering the remnants of the Jiuli tribe, allowing the Jiuli tribesmen to flourish, giving birth to an expert and guiding the Jiuli tribe to become a mother
Superpower in this world? "
Being questioned by Nuwa, Luo Zheng was speechless for a moment.
"The Chaotic Origin Great World no longer exists." Nuwa's eyes glowed as she said: "From today onwards, it will be hard for another Chaotic Origin Realm expert to emerge in this world. You have secretly brought ten sets of Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals from the Chaotic Origin Great World and gifted one to the Sect Master of the Hundred Veil Sect.
Are you planning to use the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals to nurture the Jiuli tribesmen? "
The Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals were not allowed to be brought out of the Chaotic Origin Great World. Luo Zheng had brought out 2,000 Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystals, and Li Shan was clear about that.
Luo Zheng remained speechless …
He kept saying that he wanted to revive Jiuli, yet he had never thought through the steps involved.
If the Chaotic Origin Realm was included, there was no hope of reviving Jiuli.
"Empress Nuwa, is there really no hope for our Jiuli to be revived?" Luo Yan blinked as he helped his brother ask. His little face was filled with disappointment.
Nuwa went forward and pulled Luo Yan into her embrace. She treated Luo Yan like a daughter. She said: "It's not that there is no hope. It's just that your brother has gotten the sequence wrong."
"What sequence?" Luo Yan asked puzzledly.
"If we can't complete the Dao of Apocalypse, reviving Jiuli is meaningless. The Primal Chaos will end. Our Li Shan, Sky Palace, You Xiong … none of us can escape. If we can complete the Dao of Apocalypse, isn't reviving Jiuli just a thought?" Nuwa gently explained.
。
After Fuxi returned to Li Shan, he told Nuwa about what happened at the bottom of the Primal Chaos. Nuwa naturally knew that Luo Zheng was the one chosen by "Ji".
Different from the indignant Fuxi, Nuwa was very calm about this matter.
She did not know the reason why "Ji" chose Luo Zheng. But being one of the six great Primal Chaos Ancient Gods, Ji must have his own unique foresight. Maybe Luo Zheng could really complete the Dao of Apocalypse and become the supreme Master of Apocalypse in the Primal Chaos?
"Are you clear about your goal now?" Fuxi revealed an evil expression.
When they left that prison, Fuxi was filled with indignation. He felt that "Ji" must be blind to choose this brat.
But when they met again in the Chaotic Origin Great World, the Luo Zheng in front of him had completely changed. This brat seemed to have been chosen by fate to improve himself rapidly.

Chapter 3147
The first time Luo Zheng heard about the Master of the End, it was also from Fuxi.
At that time, Fuxi was crazy, and Luo Zheng did not know what it meant. At that time, 9527 did not explain it to him.
It was not until Qiu Yinhe told him about the Path of the End in Guanshan State that Luo Zheng understood the true meaning.
But even if he understood some things, it was difficult to see it as his goal.
In the past, there were countless civilizations that pursued the Path of the End. It was a goal that could not be achieved by the combined power of an entire civilization. Luo Zheng did not think that he could rival an entire civilization.
Just then, the bone piece in Luo Zheng's chest sent out a wave of soul.
9527 turned into human form and stood beside Luo Zheng.
Facing the sudden appearance of the soul in human form, Fuxi and Nuwa's expressions did not change.
Nuwa had already sensed its existence, and Fuxi had already communicated with 9527 at the bottom of the Chaotic World.
"Fuxi, Nuwa." 9527 saluted the two.
Although 9527 usually communicated with Luo Zheng very casually, when facing the strongest in the mother world, he treated them as equals. Even when he met Chi You in the divine territory, 9527 still did not show any expression.
"We meet again." Fuxi returned the salute to 9527, and said, "I did not expect you to still be in this boy's body."
"I will accompany him to grow, and assist him until he is strong enough. Then I will leave," 9527 said.
When the sub-soul was separated for too long, its connection with the main body would become weaker and weaker.
At first, 9527 did not have much emotion. It only assisted Luo Zheng when appropriate.
But as the two of them communicated more and more, 9527 gradually grew its own personality, and it became more and more concerned about Luo Zheng.
"Looks like you assisted him well." Fuxi's words had a trace of jealousy. Fuxi credited 9527 for Luo Zheng's rapid improvement.
"My assistance is not important for Luo Zheng to reach where he is today. It is his own effort." 9527 shook its head and said, "I want to ask for something for Luo Zheng."
"Ask for something?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
Nuwa also looked at 9527 strangely. "What do you want?"
"The six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed," 9527 said.
At the mention of this, Luo Yan and Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
The two siblings were born because of this item, but they never really understood what this item was. And now, 9527 was asking for one of this item. What was the meaning of this?
A glint flashed in Nuwa's eyes as she said, "The Blood Steadying Tree has not bloomed for a long time. The last six-patterned fruit has been hanging for a long time. It can be said that there is only one six-patterned Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed in the entire Li Mountain. Why do you think you can obtain it?"
There was only one six-striped Blood Steadfast Tree in the Mother World.
"Because Luo Zheng needs this, and he can use the Trueness of Three Spirits Construction to exchange for it," 9527 said calmly.
Luo Zheng was confused and asked, "What is the use of this six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed?"
9527 looked at Luo Zheng and smiled faintly. "Previously, you wanted to use Taiyi Mountain's God Pulse Elixir to strengthen the bloodline I left in your body. The God Pulse Elixir is said to be miraculous in the Heavenly Palace, but it cannot improve my bloodline."
"Can the six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed work?" Luo Zheng asked.
"In the entire Chaos, only the seed on this tree can perfectly replicate the bloodline, right?" 9527 smiled at Nuwa and Fuxi.
When Li Mountain rose, this tree also grew on Li Mountain.
The six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed on the tree was also very precious in the Mother World.
A six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed could perfectly pass down one's bloodline.
Many of the strongest in the Mother World had their own bloodline, but their descendants were often unable to completely pass down their bloodline. There were some special elixirs that could improve the bloodline, such as Taiyi Heavenly Palace's God Pulse Elixir, or Shennong's Sky-Accumulating Blood Elixir. But the most miraculous one was the six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed.
It could completely pass down one's bloodline.
Since ancient times, countless strong people had come to Li Mountain to ask for the six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed.
Even the Rat King Sheng Tian of the Ear Rat Clan had come with a huge amount of resources in exchange for a six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed. With the Ear Rat's financial resources, no superpower could refuse the price he offered.
But Li Mountain had refused.
Not a single one of this seed had ever been passed down from Li Mountain.
If it had to be said, the two six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seeds used on Luo Yan and Luo Zheng were exceptions. It was also the only time it was used on outsiders.
A rare trace of hesitation appeared on Nuwa's face, but she said, "Excuse me. Let me discuss this with Huang Xi."
With a gentle wave of her hand, she and Fuxi disappeared in front of Luo Zheng and Luo Yan.
9527, on the other hand, was puzzled. He didn't expect that his request would make Nuwa so cautious. It was just a seed to pass down one's bloodline.
After the two of them had moved to another space, Nuwa said, "Huang Xi, what do you think?"
Fuxi, on the other hand, had an indifferent attitude. "Anyway, that kid has already used one. It's not a big deal to give him another one …"
"But the last six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed, will it hide something important?" Nuwa's face was a little hesitant.
The reason why Li Shan treasured the six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed was because there were other secrets in it.
This six-striped Blood Steadfast Tree was born almost at the same time as Fuxi and Nuwa. It was originally a tree planted by the Paramita Human Tribe.
Every 30 million years, the six-striped Blood Steadfast Tree would bloom. After another 30 million years, it would bear fruit. After another 30 million years, the fruit would ripen, and there would be a six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed.
The perfect bloodline inheritance was just one of the effects of the six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed.
The true effect of the six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed was to hide what was inside.
The Great Thousand World Cultivation Technique was discovered by Nuwa from one of the six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seeds.
The crystallization of the Chaotic Origin Spirit after reproduction could allow Paramita Realm experts to step into the Chaotic Origin Realm. Similarly, it was also the six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed.
Nuwa believed that this six-striped Blood Steadfast Tree was a method used by the Paramita Human Tribe to communicate with her. They would seal what they needed to know in the tree and transmit it to her.
That was also the reason why the six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed was not passed down to outsiders …
That year, a six-striped Blood Steadfast Mysterious Seed was placed into Li Luoshui. It replicated Nuwa's own bloodline and gave birth to Luo Yan. And Luo Yan's body gave birth to an unfathomable item, the "Energy Axis".

Chapter 3148
Nuwa had once placed her hopes on the Six-Striped Blood Steadfast Tree.
She had thought that the Nirvana Realm humans would hide information about her within the Six-Striped Blood Steadfast Secret Seed. She would always be able to find relevant information within one of the seeds.
However, she had been disappointed time and time again.
Fuxi continued, "Perhaps some things can only be left to fate, just like how Luo Zheng was able to find Prince Ashoka. Since he has asked for it today, let's give him the last seed."
Nuwa was silent for a moment, then finally nodded. With a wave of her hand, the two of them returned to the Jade Platform.
She looked at Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Zheng, come with me."
It seemed that Nuwa had agreed.
9527's soul rippled, then retreated back into Luo Zheng's body.
Nuwa waved her hand again, and she and Luo Zheng disappeared from the Jade Platform.
In the next moment, Luo Zheng appeared in a cave.
There was almost no light in this cave, and the surroundings were extremely humid. One could hear the sound of water dripping.
"Is this the interior of Mount Li?" Luo Zheng asked.
"This is the deepest part of Mount Li." Nuwa walked at the front.
As she walked forward, specks of light flickered around the cave. The light came from a complex array.
Although these arrays had not been activated, they still contained terrifying power. Clearly, this was the most important place in Mount Li.
The two of them walked for more than two hundred feet before reaching the end of the cave.
At the end of the cave was a patch of white soil. On the soil stood a tree taller than a person.
"This is the Six-Striped Blood Steadfast Tree?"
When Luo Zheng saw the tree, his face revealed a look of surprise.
The Six-Striped Blood Steadfast Tree was a treasure of Mount Li. Although this tree was not as tall and straight as the divine trees in the divine territory, it should at least be full of vitality.
The tree had begun to rot from the roots. A few lonely leaves hung on it, and they were already yellow. If it were not for the light green fruit on top, Luo Zheng would have thought it was a dead tree.
"Its life has come to an end." Nuwa looked at the Six-striped Blood Steadfast Tree with a sad expression.
This tree was a channel for her to communicate with the people of the Nirvana Realm. As the tree withered, the channel was closed, and now there was only one fruit left.
She walked forward and reached out to pluck the fruit in her hand. She gently peeled off the outer shell, and a seed with a faint blue light appeared in her hand. She looked at it for a while before saying, "Just inject your bloodline power into it."
As she spoke, she handed the seed to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng took the seed and examined it for a moment before placing it into his spatial ring. Then, Nuwa waved her hand, and with a spatial fluctuation, Luo Zheng returned to the jade platform.
Since he had already accepted this seed, Luo Zheng also wrote down the true meaning of the Three Spirits Construction word by word.
After handing over the True Meaning of Dao to Nuwa, Luo Zheng thought of something important and said, "Goddess Nuwa, if you cultivate the True Meaning of Dao, there's something you have to pay attention to."
"What is it?" Nuwa asked.
"King Ashoka hates creatures that aren't humans. If a human enters, it won't be a problem. However, if another race enters, they will likely attack them," Luo Zheng said.
Goddess Nuwa was born at the same time as the Human Sovereign. She was definitely inextricably linked to the people of the Nirvana Realm, but King Ashoka might not be aware of this.
Those little monsters might not be able to do anything to Goddess Nuwa, but King Ashoka's strength was immeasurable. If the two of them fought in that space, it would not be a good thing.
However, Luo Zheng had spent more than a year in that space to cultivate the True Meaning of the Three Spirits Construction.
Nuwa and Fuxi were both powerful, but it would still take some time.
If Luo Zheng entered that space and informed King Ashoka before then, there should not be any misunderstandings.
After handing over the True Meaning of the Three Spirits Construction to Nuwa, Fuxi brought up another matter. A scarlet-gold crystal appeared in his hand.
This scarlet-gold crystal came from the Chaotic Origin Spirit. Before Luo Zheng left the Chaotic Origin Great World, he gave 30 of them to Luo Yan. Luo Yan did not know what it was used for and gave one to Fuxi.
This was also the first time Fuxi saw a crystal of this color. But according to his judgment, this scarlet-gold crystal was similar to the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystal. It was certain that it could be absorbed by humans.
But Fuxi had not figured out how to refine it.
"It's best for Luo Zheng to stay in Li Mountain. After Emperor Xi unravels the profound mysteries within, he can cultivate it immediately." Nuwa added by the side.
Luo Yan immediately looked at her brother with eager eyes. She naturally hoped that Luo Zheng would stay in Li Mountain.
Faced with Nuwa's request, Luo Zheng tactfully declined.
Xun and Ning Yudie had temporarily settled down in the Heavenly Palace. And when Luo Zheng entered the Mother World, he had planted his foundation in the Heavenly Palace. Furthermore, the Great Yi Heavenly Palace was a Sword Dao True Sect and was more suitable for Luo Zheng to cultivate.
…
…
Outside the Mother World, a huge mass of primal chaos clouds was rolling.
Amidst the lightning, a huge figure was flying. It was Lei Xiao who had flown out of the Mother World.
"Sou!"
His huge figure was extremely fast. The mass of primal chaos clouds which was originally far away was rapidly closing in on him.
When Lei Xiao entered the protective mass of clouds, he saw a small light spot within the mass of clouds. This light spot had an extremely strong penetrative power. Even the Primal Chaos Qi could not obstruct its light.
After flying towards this light spot for two hours, Lei Xiao finally got close to it.
There was a male wearing a brocade robe standing above the light spot. This male was carrying an ordinary bamboo basket on his back. His sleeves were rolled up, making him look like a villager.
This person was the leader of the Divine Farmer Clan, 'Lie Shan'.
"Did you get it?" Lie Shan asked.
"Yes," Lei Xiao said, "But there's a small problem."
Lie Shan's expression was amiable. But when he heard Lei Xiao say that it was a small problem, his eyes turned solemn. There were not many things in this world that could cause Lei Xiao to encounter a small problem. He asked, "What's the problem?"
"The black ship blocked half of the path and took away half of it." Lei Xiao said. With a light wave of his huge claws, many small light circles floated in front of Lie Shan.
Lie Shan scrutinized those light circles. His expression turned slightly gloomy, "Black ship? Why would they target you? They … shouldn't be interested in the Chaotic Origin Great World. "
Even though the black ship could be called a 'superpower', there were too few people on board. There were only 13 of them. The black ship did not nurture disciples. Very few of them would get tickets to the Chaotic Origin Great World.

Chapter 3149
Lei Meng and Kurofune didn't have many interactions and had always minded their own business. Thus, Kurofune's sudden attack caught Lei Meng off guard.
Lie Shan took a deep breath and said, "I understand. You can leave now."
"What about the promised reward?" Lei Meng asked.
Lie Shan stared at Lei Meng expressionlessly. "Of course, I won't shortchange you, but you've only given me half of the reward."
"You …" Lei Meng's body rippled with lightning.
"I'll pay the remaining half to Kurofune," Lie Shan said.
There were only twelve rings, and each of them was extremely precious.
Lie Shan only hoped that Kurofune didn't know the use of these rings. No matter the price, he would get them back.
Lei Meng gave Lie Shan a deep look, then snorted coldly and retreated to the side with his wings curled.
Lie Shan grabbed one of the rings and studied it carefully.
Other than its strange aura, there wasn't anything special about it. Could it really summon a creature from the Paramita Realm?
After studying it for a while, Lie Shan chanted softly, and a strand of True Dao Intent spread out.
He closed his eyes and entered the Paramita Realm.
Weng …
After entering the Paramita Realm, Lie Shan's soul appeared in a huge blood-colored palace.
The palace was extremely grand. There was an arched door in the distance that spanned several thousand meters. Beneath the arched door was a huge disc with nine chairs placed around it.
Lie Shan walked to the center of the disc and lightly stomped his foot.
Dense blood-red patterns bloomed on the entire disc, and at the same time, small balls of light appeared on the nine chairs.
"I got it, the Ring of Descent …" Lie Shan raised his hand, and an identical ring appeared in his palm.
He had brought this ring to the Paramita Realm!
Weng …
Weng …
The balls of light on the nine chairs began to flicker.
"This thing can really be brought to the Paramita Realm!"
"It's as magical as the Spirit of Chaotic Origin!"
"Seems like my speculation is correct!"
The balls of light stared at the ring and discussed with each other. Their voices were filled with excitement.
Once a creature from the Primal Chaos set foot on the Paramita Realm, they would be trapped there forever.
Only by becoming someone else's Nirvana token would one have the chance to descend.
However, among the truly powerful beings in the Nirvana Realm, who would be willing to become a token of the Nirvana Realm and become someone's vassal?
The descendants of the Chaotic Origin Spirits had broken this convention. It was as if the Truth had lost its effect at this moment!
This characteristic attracted the attention of those powerful beings in the Nirvana Realm.
This was probably the only way to return to the Chaos!
"If this circle of light can really allow us to return to Chaos, then all other problems will be easily solved. Who can resist the Blood Council? Hahaha …" The ball of light in the middle of the nine chairs laughed loudly. "Moonfire Slaves! Give it a try! "
Just as the light ball finished speaking, a huge figure appeared behind the arched door.
It was a giant formed from flames. Dark green flames surrounded his body, and his body exuded a tyrannical and powerful aura.
"Dong dong dong …"
The Moon Fire Slave walked towards Lie Shan, then squatted down in front of him with its huge body.
Lie Shan gently tossed the ring of light at the Moon Fire Slave. The ring of light stopped on the surface of the Moon Fire Slave's body. A faint smile appeared on the Moon Fire Slave's face. At the same time, it let out a roar and disappeared in front of Lie Shan.
"He succeeded?"
"The Moon Fire Slave left the Nirvana Realm just like that?"
"Lie Shan! Go and have a look! "
The balls of light on the nine chairs said one after another.
Lie Shan nodded. He had already retreated from the Nirvana Realm and returned to the Primal Chaos. He saw the Moon Fire Slave floating not too far away from him.
"Jie jie, so this is the Primal Chaos, hahaha …" The Moon Fire Slave was a descendant of the Elemental Spirit civilization. He was born in the Nirvana Realm. Even though he knew that there was a huge Primal Chaos World beneath the Nirvana Realm, this was his first time stepping foot in it.
His ancestors had once ruled this vast space. During that era, the elements were the true rulers. Those flesh and steel bodies were too weak in front of the Elemental Spirit civilization.
But it was a pity that even a civilization as powerful as the Elemental Spirit civilization could not escape death. In the end, they could only hide on the Nirvana Realm.
After more than a thousand chaos cycles, their Elemental Spirit civilization had returned!
The sudden appearance of the Moon Fire Slave startled even the Thunder Chi.
Lightning coiled around the Thunder Chi's body to form a net of lightning that protected his body. There was even a hint of fear in his single eye.
Lie Shan silently observed the Moon Fire Slave.
He was much calmer than the Moon Fire Slave.
Truth was the supreme law of the Primal Chaos. It wasn't easy to go against it and return to the Nirvana Realm.
"Old man! Lead the way! Take me to the mother world and see the inferior races! "the Moon Fire Slave ordered.
There was nothing but brown chaos energy in the Nirvana Realm. This place clearly didn't satisfy the Moon Fire Slave.
Lie Shan claimed to be the patriarch of a superpower, but he was nothing in front of the Elemental Spirit civilization.
"There's no hurry," Lie Shan said calmly, as if he didn't mind the Moon Fire Slave's rudeness at all.
Whoosh …
Green flames containing a violent aura gushed out of the Moon Fire Slave's body. "I'm not negotiating with you," the Moon Fire Slave roared. "I'm ordering you!"
"Ordering me?"
The corners of Lie Shan's mouth quirked up slightly, revealing the faintest hint of a smile.
After years of tolerance in the Blood Council, these Nirvana Realm beings had become even more arrogant.
"Make sure you can survive first," Lie Shan said again.
"I'll survive …"
The Moon Fire Slave was a little puzzled.
He was a fire spirit, the most powerful life form of fire.
If he didn't rely on any special methods, he was basically an immortal existence.
Was there anything that could erase it?
Right at this moment, a strange scene appeared.
The ring on top of his head flashed, and an invisible force descended.
It was so strong that it was almost impossible to resist. The force grabbed the Moon Fire Slave and pressed him into the air.
It was as though an invisible wall had appeared in the void. That invisible force grabbed the Moonfire Slave and rubbed it against the invisible wall, and rubbed it again and again …
Whoosh … Boom …
The black lava on the surface of the Moon Fire Slave's body was ground to dust!
Green flames gushed out of his body and dragged out traces of green flames on the invisible wall.
The process repeated over and over again. The Moon Fire Slave was pressed against the wall and rubbed against it until there was nothing left of him.
Lei Meng's single eye was filled with shock when he saw the Moon Fire Slave's fate.

Chapter 3150
Lie Shan Shi remained unperturbed. He lightly extended his hand, causing the hovering hoop to fly into his hand. After shaking his head, he chanted the True Meaning of Dao and returned to the Paramita.
"How is it!"
"How is the Moon Fire Slave?"
"Did he succeed?"
The light balls on the nine seats asked.
Whether the Moon Fire Slave could survive or not was the question they were most concerned about.
"He failed. He was obliterated by the truth," Lie Shan Shi replied.
"How could this be!"
"Didn't he succeed in descending?"
"…"
Those light balls were infuriated.
There was clearly a precedent of success. Why would he fail at the most crucial step?
"The truth isn't so easy to overcome. Even though the Moon Fire Slave succeeded in entering the Primal Chaos World, he was still detected by the law of truth. Naturally, he was obliterated," Lie Shan Shi explained.
"Why did that enormous eye survive?" The light ball on the second seat on the left asked.
This question stumped Lie Shan Shi.
He pondered for a moment before answering: "Perhaps it is because that Fearful Eye Devil is not strong enough."
Even though the Moon Fire Slave was a slave of the Elemental Spirit Civilization, he was still terrifyingly strong.
Comparatively, the Fearful Eye Devil was much weaker.
"Then let's change to another one …" The light ball on the middle seat said, "Let's change to a weak little Water Spirit."
"Hua la …"
The moment the light ball finished speaking, a wave rolled over from afar. After rolling to the front of Lie Shan Shi, this wave stood upright.
This was a lifeform formed entirely from water. When he transformed into his human form, he was even wearing heavy armor.
The Water Spirit was merely the lowest level lifeform in the Elemental Spirit Civilization. At the very least, he was far weaker than that Fearful Eye Devil.
Lie Shan Shi did not speak. He once again placed the hoop on the Water Spirit's head. After that, he disappeared from the Paramita together with the Water Spirit.
Ten breaths later, Lie Shan Shi returned. He shook his head and said: "No, we must have missed something. That Fearful Eye Devil should not have relied on this halo to successfully descend into the Chaotic Origin Great World."
"What exactly did we miss?!" The light ball on the middle seat said sternly.
"Hurry up and investigate!"
"We cannot afford to make any mistakes in this matter!"
"…"
Lie Shan Shi once again returned to the Primal Chaos. He turned to Lei Xiao who had been waiting for him not too far away. He asked: "After the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit died, is there anything else in its body?"
"Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal." Lei Xiao answered.
"Is it just a Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystal?" Lie Shan continued asking.
If there was only a Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystal within the body of the Mother, then Xue Ying would have lost all clues. It would be wishful thinking for the Nirvana Realm lifeforms to return to the Primal Chaos.
After Lei Meng recalled for a moment, his single eye suddenly flashed with a bright light. "There's more!"
"Is there anything else?" Lie Shan asked with concern.
"There is another type of Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal. It is a scarlet-gold crystal. That thing emits an aura similar to the Chaotic Origin Spiritual Crystal, just that it is denser!" Lei Xiao said.
Lie Shan had only given Lei Meng the task of obtaining the Halos of Descent. Lei Meng hadn't considered anything else.
At that time, it had been watching Luo Zheng's every move. Only after he had collected all the golden red crystals did it decide to make a move.
A look of understanding appeared in Lie Shan's eyes. The problem probably lay with the reddish-gold crystal.
"Who took away those crystals? Is it Shan? "Lie Shan asked.
Lie Shan had been hiding in the Primal Chaos Cloud waiting for Lei Meng. He didn't care much about what was happening in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Furthermore, the Divine Farmer Clan had the existence of "Shan". None of his clansmen and disciples at the same level could be his opponent.
"No, it's a disciple called Luo Zheng from the Great Yi Heavenly Palace." Lei Meng said.
It had always been paying attention to the Chaotic Origin Great World. Naturally, it could see everything that was happening in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
"A disciple of the Great Yi Heavenly Palace?" Lie Shan was startled, "How is that possible? Where is Shan? "
Lei Meng revealed a helpless smile, "Are you talking about that avatar of 'Kong'? He has long been defeated. This time, there are two people who have descended into the Chaotic Origin Great World … "
Lei Meng then recounted what he saw to Lie Shan, "Furthermore, the Sword of Tengshe is in the hands of that young man called Luo Zheng."
When he heard about the Sword of Tengshe, Lie Shan's eyes flashed with sharpness. He couldn't calm down for a long time, "This Luo Zheng is most likely a descendant of Chi You. Does that mean that the reddish-gold crystal is in the hands of Luo Zheng?"
"It should be," Lei Meng replied with certainty.
"I understand," Lie Shan muttered.
The Nine Li Tribe should be a thing of the past.
Even if there were some remnants hiding in the Mother World, there was nothing to be afraid of.
But Lie Shan didn't expect that someone from Li Mountain would appear in such a manner. He even personally took away the most important thing.
"The Great Yi Heavenly Palace. It seems that some matters should be brought forward …" Lie Shan's eyes revealed a trace of coldness.
…
…
During these few days, Fuxi had been staying on the Emerald Platform.
With a flip of his hand, many complex runes spread out from the surface of the Emerald Platform. These runes were very similar to the arrays in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
"Weng!"
That reddish-gold crystal floated up in front of him and revolved in the air.
"Refine!"
The power of the array beneath his feet was more than ten times stronger than the arrays in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
All the light in the array gathered on the surface of that reddish-gold crystal.
After an incense worth of time, the light gradually dimmed.
This reddish-gold crystal remained unmoved!
Fuxi revealed a look of astonishment, "This thing … what exactly is it!"
Given the power of this array, not to mention a mere crystal, it could even melt materials a hundred times tougher. Yet the reddish-gold crystal remained unmoved.
At this moment, Nuwa's figure appeared on the Emerald Platform once again. She glanced at that crystal before asking, "Huang Xi, you haven't refined it yet?"
Fuxi had a puzzled look, "This thing is very strange. It isn't that tough, but during the refining process, it seems to be able to completely avoid the refining power …"
"Let me try." Nuwa extended her hand and lightly grabbed, causing the crystal to land in her hand.
Nuwa did not use the array set down by Fuxi. Instead, she directly activated the energy beams of Nuwa's Shadow. Those crimson energy beams tangled around the crystal and began to corrode it.
"Hua!"
The energy contained in Nuwa's Shadow was frightening. Most likely, there was nothing in the Mother World that could withstand the corrosion of this energy beam.
But when the crimson light gradually dissipated, the reddish-gold crystal remained in her hand.

Chapter 3151
Nvywa had never seen such a strange object that could completely avoid the invasion of energy.
If she used this scarlet-gold crystal to forge a protective treasure, wouldn't she be able to avoid all attacks?
She gently pinched this crystal with her finger. That seemingly delicate fingertip erupted with a strength of 5,000 jun. When this strength was exerted on the crystal, the crystal could not withstand the pressure.
"Kacha!"
Following a crisp sound, the crystal broke into two.
Nvywa and Fuxi's expressions became even stranger …
"This thing can't withstand the pressure of energy, but it can avoid the invasion of energy. What's the use of this property?" Nvywa asked with a puzzled expression.
Fuxi shook his head. He stared at the scarlet-gold crystal that broke into two and said, "Perhaps these crystals aren't used for body refinement."
"You mean it's related to descent?" Nvywa's eyes flashed with intelligence. After pondering over the possibilities, she said, "There is indeed such a possibility."
"That brat Luo Zheng still has many of these crystals. Do you want to take them back?" Fuxi asked.
Nvywa shook her head, "Let's keep them in his hands first. The key is the Ring of Descent that Lei Xiao took away."
When mentioning Lei Xiao, Fuxi's eyes flashed with a cold killing intent.
The reputation of the Ten Great Ancient Ferocious Beasts was not small. But as long as he was given the right environment, it would not be hard to kill that fellow.
Since Lei Xiao dared to snatch the Ring of Descent right in front of him, Fuxi would definitely not let it go.
…
…
The flying ship of Great Yi Heavenly Palace finally set off after staying at Li Mountain for seven days.
As a precaution, Li Mountain even sent two Great Mountain Lords to escort the flying ship back to the Center God Province.
When the seven flying ships returned to the Center God Province, Luo Zheng rested in Heart Flow Sword Sect.
Lan Qing, Huo Ze and the other Nine Li Tribesmen were arranged to stay in Heart Flow Sword Sect, waiting for Li Lu's return.
When Ning Yudie saw Luo Zheng returning safely, the stone in her heart fell to the ground. She leaned in Luo Zheng's embrace and listened to him talk about the various things that happened in the Chaotic Origin Great World. When she heard about the battle where Luo Zheng withdrew the Evil Deities, her palms became sweaty.
She didn't expect that the man who had knelt in Luo Zheng's Inner World would cause such a big commotion.
When Xi Youqin heard this, her reaction was extremely decisive. "Just kill this fellow who doesn't know what's good for him. Husband, why do you want to keep him alive?"
Luo Zheng just smiled and didn't explain too much to Xi Youqin.
The Evil Deities involved too many things. Luo Zheng still needed to think about how to arrange his fate.
After Luo Zheng, Mo Yijian and the other disciples of Sword Heart Sect returned, the disciples of Sword Heart Sect looked at them differently.
According to the rules of the Supreme Yi Heaven Palace, those who reached the Chaotic Origin Realm in the Heaven Palace would automatically break away from their status as ordinary disciples and join the Sword of Grief.
Whether it was in terms of cultivation or status, there was a huge difference between them and the ordinary disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
During these few days, Luo Zheng did not enter the Paramita Realm. Instead, he kept pouring God Crystals into the Tool of Civilization and summoned many green jade statues to temper his body.
As he tempered his body, the True Dao Intent that was suffused with golden light poured into his body, nourishing the light spots formed by the Chaotic Origin Spirit. These light spots were growing at an astonishing speed.
Actually, other Chaotic Origin Realm experts were like Luo Zheng. They were also trying to strengthen the light spots in their bodies. But the Chaotic Origin Spirit could only be strengthened through the repeated nourishment of the Paramita Realm energy.
This was a slow process. It required many years of accumulation. Naturally, they could not be mentioned in the same breath as Luo Zheng.
Several days later …
This batch of new Chaotic Origin Realm disciples gathered at a junction between the Supreme Yi Mountain Range and Supreme Yi Mountain Range.
Right in front of the junction, there was an enormous palace constructed from bronze. This palace had a total of three levels.
On the balcony outside the first level of the palace stood many disciples from the Sword of Grief. And these disciples were all at the Chaotic Origin Realm.
The Chaotic Origin Realm was an extremely crucial threshold. Only after crossing this threshold would one be able to walk further.
The core strength of any great sect, superpower or clan would be formed by Chaotic Origin Realm experts. Superpowers like the Great Yi Heaven Palace would naturally focus on nurturing their Chaotic Origin Realm experts.
Like the You Xiong Clan, they would send all their Chaotic Origin Realm experts to the Heavensguard Pavilion. Li Mountain would send all their Chaotic Origin Realm experts to the Green Mountain Sect. As for the Great Yi Heaven Palace, it was the Sword of Grief Land.
Those Heaven Palace disciples on the bronze palace were observing this batch of disciples who had just entered the Chaotic Origin Realm.
"More newcomers are joining the Sword of Grief!" A long-haired male on the first level of the bronze palace said.
"Yet another portion of the resources in the Sword of Grief Land is going to be given out. Ai." A plump fatty who stood by the side of the long-haired male sighed.
"They are just newcomers. How many resources can they get even if they are ranked last?" A short and small middle-aged man said with disdain.
The majority of these Chaotic Origin Realm experts in the bronze palace had reached the Chaotic Origin Realm many years ago.
But given their strength, they were not as powerful as Qiu Yinhe. Hence, the majority of them were still cultivating in the Sword of Grief.
Not long after the Heaven Palace disciples who entered the Chaotic Origin Great World returned, Qiu Yinhe had ordered them not to spread what happened in the Chaotic Origin Great World, especially the matter of Luo Zheng wielding the Sword of Tengshe.
Even though Luo Zheng bringing out the Sword of Tengshe was seen clearly by many leaders of the great clans, this action would at least prevent Luo Zheng from being too conspicuous in the Heaven Palace. This was also a method to protect Luo Zheng.
Hence, these Chaotic Origin Realm disciples in the Sword of Grief did not know what happened in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
When all the new Chaotic Origin Realm disciples arrived, three people walked out from the bronze palace. The leader was a long-haired male who carried a sword on his back. His eyes were flashing with sharpness.
The long-haired male had a solemn expression. He walked to the front and back of the group before cupping his hands, "Congratulations to everyone for reaching the Chaotic Origin Realm and joining our Sword of Grief."
The new Chaotic Origin Realm disciples of the Heavenly Palace returned the greeting.
"I am Fang Wei from the Great Brightness Mountain." The long-haired male introduced himself.
"Senior Disciple Brother Fang!"
"I've long heard of Senior Disciple Brother Fang's great name!"
"…"
The ones who spoke were several disciples from the Great Brightness Mountain. Even though Fang Wei was ranked towards the back in the Sword of Grief, he was still quite famous in the Great Brightness Mountain.
Fang Wei merely nodded indifferently towards the disciples from the Great Brightness Mountain. He maintained his solemn expression as he said: "Since everyone has reached the Chaotic Origin Realm, it is necessary for you to join the Sword of Grief. But everyone should know that you have to ascertain your seat before joining the Sword of Grief."
The majority of the Heaven Palace disciples knew the rules of the Sword of Grief. But there were a few who did not. For instance, Luo Zheng.
"I wonder how I should ascertain my seat?" Luo Zheng asked.

Chapter 3152
On the second floor, a white-faced young man looked at Luo Zheng with interest. "Everyone says that the Heart Flow Sword Sect pursues to do as they please. Senior Disciple Brother Gu, it seems to be true. This brat is quite similar to you in the past."
There was a muscular man standing by the side of this white-faced young man. This muscular man was called Gu Lie, and he was also a member of the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
Gu Lie glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently before saying, "Don't make me sound so foolish. This brat has just joined the Land of Sword Grief, yet he dares to challenge Fang Wei. He is simply asking for trouble."
No matter what, Fang Wei was the backbone of the Land of Sword Grief.
Recently, Fang Wei's luck seemed to be quite good. He had found an incredibly tyrannical Paramita Keepsake in the 16th Level World. As his strength increased, his ranking was also steadily rising.
If he fought steadily and surely, he would be able to squeeze into the top 200 in a few years. It should not be a problem for him to climb up to the second floor.
The white-faced young man chuckled. "Don't think that brat is so foolish. He did not say that he wants to challenge Fang Wei. That brat is very shrewd!"
In the eyes of this white-faced young man, Luo Zheng was merely a new disciple with some cunning thoughts. He did not have the courage to challenge Fang Wei.
"Even so, offending Fang Wei isn't a wise thing to do," Gu Lie said with a straight face.
Luo Zheng came from the Heart Flow Sword Sect. He came from the same origin as Gu Lie. He was still thinking whether he should stand up for Luo Zheng if Luo Zheng was bullied too badly. But Luo Zheng's words had offended the majority of the disciples in the Land of Sword Grief.
That Fang Wei was ranked in the top 500. When Luo Zheng spoke, did it not mean that close to half of the disciples were not qualified to challenge him?
Fang Wei had never thought that Luo Zheng would dare to answer him in such a way.
The aura released by his Sun Soul was like sharp swords that shot towards Luo Zheng.
Facing the suppression of Fang Wei's soul, Luo Zheng remained calm. He did not show any signs of fear.
After discovering that Luo Zheng was not affected, Fang Wei felt puzzled.
Even though Luo Zheng had just entered the Chaotic Origin Realm, his soul was not any weaker than his? Or did this brat have a treasure that could resist the soul?
No matter what it was, Fang Wei didn't think that he was qualified to say such words to him.
"You want to die? This is the Land of Sword Grief, not the Heart Flow Sword Sect you once belonged to! "Fang Wei reminded him with an unfriendly expression.
"So what?" Luo Zheng asked with a careless look.
The two Sword of Grief disciples behind Fang Wei couldn't hold back anymore.
These two people were called Song Qing and Song Huan. They came from Mount Taixiu and were ranked behind Fang Wei.
"Stinking brat, other than spouting nonsense, what else do you know? If you have the ability, then challenge me! "Song Qing said rather excitedly.
"Come and challenge me! You have the right to challenge once! "Song Huan added.
Luo Zheng looked at the two brothers indifferently and then said, "He is not qualified to challenge me. You two brothers are even less qualified."
"You!"
When Song Qing and Song Huan heard this, they were filled with anger.
But according to the rules of the Land of Sword of Grief, the seniors were not allowed to attack the newcomers. Only the newcomers were free to choose their opponents.
"Then who do you think is qualified?" Fang Wei gritted his teeth and asked.
Luo Zheng pointed to that bronze building. At the same time, he said, "Those who are qualified to challenge me are inside."
"Please!"
Fang Wei held back his anger as he led the newcomers into the bronze building.
In any case, this brat could not run away. He wanted to let Luo Zheng understand the consequences of offending them, the seniors!
Just as the new Chaotic Origin Realm disciples entered the first level, the other disciples on the first level immediately surrounded them and blocked Luo Zheng's path.
"Brat, you have to pay the price for being arrogant in the Land of Sword Grief!"
"I am qualified for you to challenge me, right? Choose me! "
"Choose me! Choose me! "
"…"
Those words of Luo Zheng that were asking for a beating had thoroughly infuriated the seniors in the Land of Sword Grief. Almost everyone wanted Luo Zheng to challenge them. The entire place became chaotic.
It was unknown who said: "If you can win against me in the challenge, I'll pay you 10,000 Deity crystals!"
10,000 Deity crystals was just a small sum to the disciples in the Land of Sword Grief.
But after this person started, the others followed suit. They then started increasing the stakes.
"If you can win against me, I'll pay you 50,000 Deity crystals!"
"100,000!"
"150,000 Deity crystals …"
"It doesn't matter if you can win against me. As long as you dare to challenge me, I'll pay you 200,000 Deity crystals."
For a moment, all sorts of faces gathered in front of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry. Feng Ge and Ling Shuang secretly exchanged glances. They were both baffled.
Chou Xue was following behind the newcomers. He was always laughing and laughing. He did not expect that Luo Zheng would be so popular the moment he arrived at the Land of Sword Grief. These seniors were all impatient to gift Luo Zheng their Deity crystals.
Just as these seniors increased the stakes to 400,000 Deity crystals, Luo Zheng finally spoke up to stop them. "I don't lack Deity crystals."
Not to mention the tens of millions of Deity crystals he had used up in the battle with the Evil Deities, Luo Zheng had spent a lot of money on tempering his body recently. A few hundred thousand Deity crystals was not enough to catch Luo Zheng's attention.
"You don't lack Deity crystals, but do you lack treasures?"
"I have a second-tier Mystique Venerable Rank treasure here! If you … "
"First-tier Mystique Venerable Rank treasure!"
"This sword is a third-tier faith treasure …"
As they spoke, they took out various treasures. Most of the people in the Heavenly Palace had sword-type treasures.
These people were endless. It was as if as long as Luo Zheng was willing to challenge them, they would satisfy all of Luo Zheng's requests.
Meanwhile, the newcomers were like Chou Xue. Many of them were holding back their laughter. When these seniors discovered Luo Zheng's true strength, it was unknown what their expressions would be.
"Enough!" Luo Zheng said, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
When these people realized that Luo Zheng was unwilling to challenge his opponents, their expressions became extremely unfriendly once again.
A short young man stared at Luo Zheng and said, "If you don't dare to choose an opponent, that's fine too. After a month, we will also have the right to challenge freely. At that time, you won't be able to do anything!"
Beside him, Fang Wei also sneered and said, "This guy is obviously playing with us. He doesn't dare to challenge us at all. Everyone, disperse. I'll show you how miserable this kid is in a month."
Just as these people were making all sorts of sarcastic remarks, he sighed and said calmly, "I can challenge you, but I want to see the rankings of the Land of Sword Grief first."
When the crowd heard that Luo Zheng wanted to see the rankings, their eyes lit up. It seemed that this kid was not stupid. Knowing that he could not get out of the situation, he probably wanted to challenge the person with the lowest ranking.
However, this did not matter …
Even Xu Lan, who was ranked 1115, should be able to crush this kid.
"This is the Ranking Stone!" someone in the crowd shouted.
At the end of the hall on the first floor, there was a long black stone.
Someone gently rubbed the array at the edge of the stone, and names lit up in the center of the stone. There were a total of 1116 names, and Luo Zheng's batch of newcomers had not yet been listed on the Ranking Stone. They were all ranked 1117.
The names on the Ranking Stone were divided into three sections.

Chapter 3153
This Li Bianxue should be the strongest expert in the Land of Sword Grief. Luo Zheng speculated in his heart.
His gaze swept down along the names on the Ranking Stone. He said: "I have a question."
"Please speak!"
"I can answer you!"
"Just ask whatever you have!"
These elders treated Luo Zheng very politely. But this politeness wasn't a good thing.
"Can I challenge someone from the Second Floor?" Luo Zheng asked.
When Luo Zheng asked this question, the few hundred people on the First Floor were shocked.
Did this brat eat the wrong medicine?
That was the Second Floor!
There were more than 1,100 people in the Land of Sword Grief, and the Second Floor only had 200 or so. The gap between the strength of those on the Second Floor and the First Floor was like the difference between Heaven and Earth.
"According to the rules, you can't." Fang Wei walked towards the Ranking Stone. He pointed to the name with the highest ranking on the First Floor, "Only he is qualified to challenge the Second Floor. If you can defeat him, you can then challenge the people on the Second Floor."
The name Fang Wei pointed to was called Chun Hao. He was the strongest person on the First Floor.
When Feng Ge saw Chun Hao's name, his eyes flashed. That was the eldest son of Concubine Qin. Chun Hao's younger brother, Chun Xuan, was once defeated by Luo Zheng despite being a Chaotic Origin Realm expert.
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded. He pointed to the strongest person on the Second Floor and asked: "In other words, if I want to challenge someone from the Third Floor, I have to defeat the strongest person on the Second Floor?"
Other than the Heaven Palace disciples who had just reached the Chaotic Origin Realm, the entire First Floor quietened down.
The majority of them were looking at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at an idiot.
"Did an idiot join our Land of Sword Grief?"
"Challenge the Third Floor? How foolish is he to have such thoughts? "
"After staying in the Land of Sword Grief for so long, this is the first time I see a newcomer saying such words …"
Reaching the Chaotic Origin Realm was an extremely long process. The difference in strength between the early, middle, and late stages was huge. The first, second, and third levels of the Sword Grief Ground represented the Early Stage, Middle Stage and Late Stage Chaotic Origin Realm.
The people on the third floor rarely showed themselves. Some of them had joined the Sword of Grief for many years, but no one had seen them. They were very mysterious.
Once those people broke through, they could be chosen as heavenly judges at any time. They could become great figures like Qiu Yin He and Lin Zhanting, who could guard a region.
Zheng Shuangqi, who was ranked first on the Second Floor, had been ranked first for many years. However, ever since he failed his challenge seven years ago, he had never challenged the Third Floor again.
As for the two hundred plus people on the Second Floor, there would be people challenging Zheng Shuangqi's position almost every month. They wanted to pull Zheng Shuangqi down from the first place of the Second Floor, but no one had ever succeeded.
It could be said that those monstrous existences on the Third Floor couldn't be bothered with Zheng Shuangqi on the Second Floor, and Zheng Shuangqi on the Second Floor firmly suppressed everyone below him.
The difference in strength was just that great!
Just when everyone thought that Luo Zheng was an idiot and was about to give up on him …
Luo Zheng suddenly opened his mouth and said, "Alright, I've decided to challenge this person."
He pointed at the name at the top of the first floor — Chun Hao.
"Challenge … Chun Hao?" The corner of Fang Wei's eyes twitched.
The others also stared at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at a monster.
If he defeated Chun Hao, he could challenge the Second Floor.
Chun Hao was also the target of many geniuses on the first floor. He was very popular, and there were often people who challenged him.
However, most of the people who challenged him were the top thirty geniuses on the first floor! This Luo Zheng had just joined the Sword of Grief, and he wanted to challenge Chun Hao?
They suspected that they had heard wrongly …
However, Luo Zheng finally chose an opponent. Since he was willing to seek death, these seniors were very willing to fulfill his wish.
"Where's Chun Hao?"
"He seems to be absent these few days."
"I'll pass a message to him! If someone challenges him, he will definitely come back! "
At the beginning of every month, all the disciples in the Sword of Grief would stay in this building and wait for others to challenge them.
But now, it was the middle of the month. Other disciples did not have the qualifications to challenge them. Hence, some direct disciples would choose to head out.
At this moment …
Chun Hao and his little brother Chun Yuan had just left the Greater One Mountain.
Just as they entered the Dragon City, a jade sword by Chun Hao's waist trembled slightly. It emitted a faint light.
His finger lightly tapped on the jade sword. His face revealed a strange expression.
"Big Brother, what happened?" Chun Yuan asked.
"Someone wants to challenge me." Chun Hao said curiously.
"Hehe, this big brother has been sitting on this seat for too long. There are too many people staring at me." Chun Yuan chuckled.
Only by defeating Chun Hao would one be able to challenge the Second Floor. Chun Hao was the most popular character on the first floor. He had to deal with at least one challenge every month. He was already used to it.
"Do you think it's normal for someone to challenge me now?" Chun Hao retorted.
Chun Yuan pondered for a moment before clapping his hands: "That's not right! It isn't the beginning of the month. They aren't qualified to challenge big brother! "
Chun Hao nodded. He pondered for a moment before saying: "Feng Ge seems to have returned to the Supreme Lineage Palace. That batch of people who went to the Chaotic Origin Realm should have returned."
Chun Yuan's eyes widened abruptly. He looked at Chun Hao with disbelief: "Big Brother, could it be this batch of newcomers who just entered the Chaotic Origin Realm?"
When newcomers first entered the Sword Grief Ground, they did have a chance to challenge anyone they wanted.
But this challenge was usually for newcomers to spar with each other to determine their ranking. Almost no newcomers would seek death by challenging the seniors, even those who were ranked last.
"That should be the case." Chun Hao nodded.
The expression on Chun Xuan's face was indescribable, "How could there be such a foolish newcomer who dares to challenge big brother the moment he entered the Sword Grief Ground?"
Chun Hao glanced at Chun Xuan indifferently, "I don't know if there is such a foolish newcomer. I only know that a disciple from the Sword Grief Ground has lost to a Heaven Palace disciple who isn't at the Chaotic Origin Realm."
Being reprimanded by his big brother, Chun Xuan became unhappy, "Big Brother, that is an exception. That brat's Paramita Token …"
"Hence, don't look down on any opponent." Chun Hao interrupted Chun Xuan's words, "If I were like you, I would have been pulled down from my first position."
The matter of Chun Xuan being defeated by Luo Zheng was a huge humiliation. This matter was covered up by Concubine Qin. Other than a few people who knew about it, it was not spread outside.
"Let's go. Follow me back to the Sword Grief Ground to have a look." Chun Hao's eyes revealed a sharp light. The edge of his lips curled, "Actually, I am curious as to how ignorant this newcomer is to dare challenge me?"
The two of them rapidly left the Dragon City and headed straight to the Sword Grief Ground.
Luo Zheng waited for an hour at the First Level. Hearing that a newcomer challenged the number one on the First Level, Chun Hao, more and more spectators came to watch.

Chapter 3154
The newcomers standing behind Luo Zheng were slightly nervous.
There was no doubt that Luo Zheng was strong. But he wanted to challenge the first ranked cultivator on the First Level. Wasn't this leap a little too big?
As for the elders in the Ground of Sword Grief, they were waiting for a good show to start.
Fang Wei was still silently observing Luo Zheng.
He could vaguely feel that something was amiss.
Those who could cross the Chaotic Origin Great World and cultivate to the Chaotic Origin Realm were all dragons and phoenixes among men. They should not do such a foolish thing.
Luo Zheng appeared too calm. It was as if he was completely confident.
This calmness did not seem to be an act.
Even if he was acting, he would be exposed when they fought later.
He did this just for the sake of the newcomers?
An hour later, two figures appeared in front of the bronze palace. Following that, Chun Hao's voice was heard, "Who is the one who wants to challenge me?"
"Chun Hao is back!"
The eyes of the elders in the Ground of Sword Grief flashed.
Fang Wei took a step forward and cupped his hands towards Chun Hao. He then pointed at Luo Zheng: "He is the one who wants to challenge you."
Chun Hao casually glanced at Luo Zheng. He observed him from head to toe, yet he did not see anything special about him. And by the side, Chun Xuan softly exclaimed when he saw Luo Zheng.
This little brother of his was truly embarrassing him. Chun Hao frowned before reprimanding him: "Chun Xuan, calm down!"
How could Chun Xuan calm down?
He would never have thought that the one who challenged his big brother was actually Luo Zheng!
He had just lost to Luo Zheng not long ago. Because of this matter, he had been reprimanded by his big brother for a long time. Even his third brother, Chun Yuan, would occasionally mock him.
And now, Luo Zheng had just entered the Chaotic Origin Realm, right? And he had come to challenge his big brother …
"Big Brother, that fellow is Luo Zheng." Chun Xuan said softly.
Hearing Chun Xuan's words, Chun Hao revealed a strand of astonishment.
Honestly speaking, Chun Hao had always found it strange that Chun Xuan was defeated by Luo Zheng. Even though Luo Zheng relied on a descend-type Paramita Token, the green jade chessboard mentioned by his little brother was too formidable.
At least, he had never heard of such a Nirvana Token.
Yet Chun Hao did not expect that Luo Zheng would have the courage to challenge him when he had just reached the Chaotic Origin Realm and joined the Sword of Grief?
Chun Hao pondered for a moment before a smile appeared on his face. "So you are Luo Zheng?"
"That's me," Luo Zheng replied.
"Not bad for you to defeat my little brother Chun Xuan before reaching the Chaotic Origin Realm." Chun Hao nonchalantly said.
As soon as Chun Hao said this, the elders in the Land of Sword Grief were in an uproar.
"What?"
"Did I hear wrongly?"
"This brat defeated Chun Xuan before reaching the Chaotic Origin Realm?"
Chun Xuan was ranked 1022 on the Ranking Stone. It was considered a very low ranking, but there were still eighty to ninety people behind Chun Xuan!
Didn't that mean that Luo Zheng could defeat these elders even before he reached the Chaotic Origin Realm?
Those old men who were ranked behind Chun Xuan all had ugly expressions on their faces.
"Big brother!"
Chun Xuan was also a little embarrassed.
For the sake of suppressing this matter, their mother, Consort Qin, had even replaced those protectors in the Supreme Lineage Palace.
The matter of him being defeated was not spread outside.
His brother had spread this matter to everyone, and Chun Xuan was not the only one who was discredited …
Who knew that Chun Hao did not care about his little brother. Instead, he continued: "A defeat is a defeat. There is no need to hide it. Some people are lucky and could get some unique Paramita Talismans. Naturally, they could defeat those stronger than them."
He changed the topic. He stared at Luo Zheng and said: "But luck does not exist in my place. Since you chose to challenge me, I will naturally not reject you. But you must be prepared to pay the price!"
Finishing his words, Chun Hao walked towards the back of the bronze palace. When he passed by Fang Wei, he patted his shoulder, "Bring him over."
The other elders followed Chun Hao out. And Luo Zheng was the last to leave with the group of newcomers.
The disciples from the Second Floor might look down on the disciples from the First Floor, but it was still worth watching for a newcomer who had just joined the Sword Grief Land to challenge Chun Hao.
They also wanted to see if Luo Zheng did not know the immensity of Heaven and Earth, or if he was really that strong.
At the back of the bronze palace, there was a dueling platform.
The disciples from the Sword Grief Land would usually spar on this dueling platform.
Chun Hao stood at the center of the platform with a tap of his foot. His palm slightly tilted as he gestured to Luo Zheng with a 'please' gesture.
The disciples from the First Floor were in an uproar.
"Big Brother Chun Hao! Let this brat suffer a little! "
"He has just broken through to the Chaotic Origin Realm. I doubt he can receive a single punch from Chun Hao!"
"A single punch is enough to exhaust the Chaotic Origin Spirit in his body. Another punch is enough to shatter him!"
Under the clamor of the disciples, Luo Zheng leaped up and stood on the platform.
After getting on the platform, Luo Zheng swept his gaze across the platform. He discovered many snake-shaped arrays around the platform.
Seeing how Luo Zheng was curious about these arrays, Chun Hao said: "This is your first time on the dueling platform. There are some rules that I have to tell you. You are not allowed to use any Descent Type Paramita Token in the Sword Grief Land."
"Not allowed to use any Descent Type Paramita Token?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Noticing the expression of Luo Zheng, Chun Hao revealed a delighted look.
He had heard from Chun Xuan that Luo Zheng relied on that green jade chessboard. If the descending sculpture on the chessboard could grow infinitely, it would be terrifying. But if this Paramita Token could not be used, Luo Zheng would be no different from trash in front of him.
"It isn't just the Descent Type Paramita Token. Even Mysterious Type and Auxiliary Type special abilities are forbidden here. The moment you use them, you will be repelled by the arrays and lose." Chun Hao continued.
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded.
The standard to join the Sword Grief Land was based on the Chaotic Origin Realm.
Disciples at the Chaotic Origin Realm had to do their best to raise the limit of energy the Chaotic Origin Spirit in their body could withstand.
Furthermore, the Paramita Token contained all sorts of unfathomable abilities. The moment it was used, it would result in unpredictable consequences. Hence, it was forbidden to use it on the dueling platform.
"Since I understand, then … you can lose." A vast aura emerged from Chun Hao's body.
The Paramita Energy kept pouring out from his inner world. It gathered in his body. All the Chaotic Origin Spirits were activated at the same time, causing his aura to skyrocket.
"But losing to me isn't that humiliating. After all, I am the leader of the entire first level! It's a pity that you have once humiliated my little brother, Chun Xuan. Hence, I will not show mercy. You are destined to suffer! "
Saying that, Chun Hao extended his hand, causing a palm imprint to press down on Luo Zheng.
"Hua!"

Chapter 3155
When the elders of the Land of Sword Grief saw the giant handprint, a smile appeared on their faces.
This Chun Hao patiently explained the rules to Luo Zheng. It might seem like he was taking care of the other party, but he did not show any mercy when he attacked.
When this huge palm imprint came crashing down, the majority of disciples on the first level could not withstand it.
Luo Zheng had just entered the Chaotic Origin Realm. This huge palm imprint would not only exhaust the brat's Chaotic Origin Spirit, it might even slap him half to death …
Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, Chou Xing and the others were not too worried at this moment.
What Luo Zheng experienced in the Chaotic Origin Great World was much more frightening than this palm imprint of Chun Hao.
Even if Luo Zheng did not descend a world, he should be able to handle it by activating the World Bearing.
Seeing that huge palm imprint crashing down on his head, Luo Zheng did not have any intention of dodging.
During this period, Luo Zheng had been constantly sending down green jade statues to temper his body.
Initially, he used the first Dao statue to temper his body. The True Intent of Dao in his fleshy body was sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
But as the Chaotic Origin Spirit grew stronger, the requirement for the True Intent of Dao became greater.
Hence, Luo Zheng could only send down stronger green jade statues. The number of green jade statues he used to temper his body was basically from the tenth to the twentieth.
Recently, Luo Zheng had already used the twentieth to the thirtieth green jade statue!
Even under the joint attack of these ten statues, Luo Zheng's Chaotic Origin Spirit could still hold on for a while. The Chaotic Origin Spirit in his body was improving at a tremendous pace.
How could a mere 3,000 Divine Jun giant palm imprint do anything to him?
"Hu!"
The huge palm imprint came crashing down.
Chun Hao saw Luo Zheng raising his hands to protect his face. He chuckled: "Naive …"
"Hong!"
This huge palm imprint came crashing down on Luo Zheng.
At this moment, the Chaotic Origin Spirit became extremely active within Luo Zheng's body. Those light spots were jumping around. At the same time, a strand of golden light revolved around Luo Zheng's body before withdrawing back into his body.
Everyone's eyes were focused on Luo Zheng.
Chun Hao also sized up Luo Zheng.
With such a heavy strike, the Chaotic Origin Spirit in Luo Zheng's body should be rapidly fatigued. At the same time, his fleshy body should be suppressed by the powerful Paramita Energy, causing his organs, bones, and flesh to explode …
This was also a scene that most people could foresee.
But that didn't happen.
Luo Zheng was still standing in the same place, unscathed. There was a faint smile on his face, as if he hadn't been hurt at all.
The arena was completely silent.
Even Feng Ge, Ling Shuang, and Chou Xing, who were familiar with Luo Zheng, were very surprised.
They were sure that Luo Zheng had the means to deal with the Giant Palm, but they didn't expect that Luo Zheng could withstand the Giant Palm with his body alone.
They had refined the Chaotic Origin Spirit on the same day and advanced to the Chaotic Origin Realm!
It had only been a month since that day!
In just a month, Luo Zheng had strengthened his Chaotic Origin Spirit to such a level?
In terms of spiritual pills, miraculous medicines, treasures, and resources, Feng Ge and Ling Shuang were not any weaker than Luo Zheng.
For instance, Extreme Celestial Mountain and Supreme Lineage Palace, they would impart some unique body tempering techniques. These body tempering techniques were specifically targeted at cultivating the Chaotic Origin Spirit. But there wasn't a huge gap between these body tempering techniques. Everyone's speed of improvement was about the same.
But Luo Zheng's speed of improvement had far exceeded the imagination of others.
Ling Shuang, Feng Ge, and the others were incomparably shocked. Those old men in the Land of Sword Grief widened their eyes.
Especially Chun Xuan and Fang Wei.
Chun Xuan wished that his big brother could slap Luo Zheng to death with a single Giant Palm. Only then would he be able to vent the hatred in his heart.
Luo Zheng didn't dodge. That was exactly what he wanted.
But the outcome was different from what he imagined …
Fang Wei's eyes dilated.
He had stayed in the Land of Sword Grief for so long, and his full-powered strike could only be maintained at around 2,400 to 500 Deity ranks.
The Deity Rank force of this Giant Palm that Luo Zheng received was much higher than Fang Wei's full-powered strike!
In other words …
He might not be able to defeat the other party even if the other party stood there and allowed him to hit him.
Even though Fang Wei didn't personally get on the stage, the scene before him was like a hammer that hammered his heart. It even caused the blood in his body to stagnate.
On the second floor.
That white-faced young man and the muscular man, Gu Lie, were both startled. Especially Gu Lie, he was slightly agitated.
"Now, do you still think he's stupid?" The white-faced young man asked.
Gu Lie let out a mouthful of turbid air before chuckling, "It seems that the Heart Flow Sword Sect has produced another amazing character after me!"
"Don't flatter yourself." The white-faced young man glared at Gu Lie, "You stayed in the first floor for quite some time. This brat is a monster that could challenge Chun Hao the moment he entered the Land of Sword Grief. How can you compare to him?"
Let alone Gu Lie …
In the entire history of the Land of Sword Grief, there had probably never been such a character.
Upon hearing the white-faced young man's words, Gu Lie was instantly speechless.
"What's going on? Did Chun Hao go easy on him? "
"Impossible! The aura of the Paramita Power emitted by that Giant Palm is at least 3,000 Deity Ranks. Chun Hao has already unleashed eighty percent of his strength! "
"But that brat didn't move an inch! Logically speaking, 3,000 Deity Ranks should be enough to smash him into pieces, right? "
"You're asking me, but who am I supposed to ask?"
After a moment of silence, the crowd finally began to discuss.
Chun Hao stood on the stage, his right hand still maintaining the Giant Palm posture. His expression was as if he was looking at a monster.
"Please, continue."
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and did the exact same action as Chun Hao.
At this moment, Chun Hao even suspected that Luo Zheng had used some special Paramita Token to block the attack for Luo Zheng.
However, on this stage, the various magical powers of the Paramita Token could not be used. Once they were used, the array around the stage would be activated, and Luo Zheng would have been kicked out long ago.
The array was not activated, which meant that Luo Zheng had relied on himself to take the attack.
"Continue?" A hint of coldness flashed in Chun Hao's eyes.
Earlier, Chun Hao had still held back a little. After all, if he accidentally killed Luo Zheng, it would be troublesome.
Now, Chun Hao did not hold back at all. With a flip of his hand, Giant Palm Prints began to form around Luo Zheng.
These Giant Palm Prints connected with each other, forming a dangerous killing trap.
An experienced Paramita Realm powerhouse would immediately break free from the encirclement of these Giant Palm Prints. However, Luo Zheng had no intention of escaping. Instead, he allowed himself to be trapped.
"Smash him into pieces for me!"
A strand of killing intent flashed in Chun Hao's eyes. With a flip of his palm, many Giant Palm Prints were sent towards Luo Zheng.
Even if Luo Zheng had some special technique that allowed him to defend against a palm of his, the Chaotic Origin Spirit would eventually grow tired. Especially under repeated attacks, the rate at which the Chaotic Origin Spirit would grow tired was much faster.

Chapter 3156
Luo Zheng's Spirit of Chaotic Origin was no different from others.
But what was different about him was the True Intent of Dao contained in his fleshy body!
The Spirit of Chaotic Origin of all Chaotic Origin experts could not contain unlimited energy.
Luo Zheng naturally could not do so.
But the True Intent of Dao produced by his fleshy body could rapidly permeate into the Spirit of Chaotic Origin. Not only could it strengthen the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, it could also help the Spirit of Chaotic Origin recover from its fatigued state.
"Hong!"
"Hong!"
"Hong!"
Every time a huge palm imprint exploded on Luo Zheng's body, the golden light on the surface of Luo Zheng's body would flash. The aura of the True Intent of Dao would be absorbed by the Spirit of Chaotic Origin.
During this period, Luo Zheng had been enduring attacks of such a degree day and night.
The difference was that using the green jade sculpture would consume quite a bit of his mental energy, whereas Chun Hao's attacks were free of charge.
Under the bombardment of the huge palm imprints, Luo Zheng's body was thrown higher and higher.
Many palm imprints were formed and bombarded on Luo Zheng's body before dissipating …
It was a feast for everyone's eyes as they stared at Luo Zheng who was flying in the air.
They hoped to see Luo Zheng's fleshy body being torn apart and disintegrated. But that scene did not happen!
"His Spirit of Chaotic Origin isn't fatigued yet?" A black-faced male blurted out in astonishment.
This black-faced male was ranked 19th on the First Floor. He was considered a top character in the Land of Sword Grief. According to the estimation of this black-faced male, even if it was him, the Chaotic Origin Spirit in his body would most likely be fatigued after receiving four consecutive palm strikes from Chun Hao.
In other words, he could withstand four palm imprints from Chun Hao. After that, he would undoubtedly be defeated.
But this series of palm imprints from Chun Hao had slapped Luo Zheng more than ten times. And yet, Luo Zheng remained unharmed?
Did this fellow really just enter the Chaotic Origin Realm?
"Hong! Hong! Hong … "
The shock in Chun Hao's eyes grew stronger.
He had pushed his strength to the limit!
The Paramita Talisman that Chun Hao fused with was passed down from the Eighteen Levels of Heaven. This Paramita Talisman could unleash a strength close to 5,000 Divine Jun. But Chun Hao's fleshy body was limited. If he were to use 5,000 Divine Jun at once, his Chaotic Origin Spirit would not be able to withstand it.
Currently, Chun Hao could slap out with a force of 3,500 Divine Jun with every single palm imprint. Even so, the Spirit of Chaotic Origin in his body was faintly unable to withstand it!
If this carried on, before he could even break through Luo Zheng's Chaotic Origin Spirit, he would be the first to fail …
If he were to lose to a brat who had just reached the Chaotic Origin Realm, he would lose a huge amount of face …
Thinking up to here, Chun Hao suddenly gritted his teeth and actually had an appearance of going all out.
The power of the Nirvana Realm Token was further released!
"Hu, hu, hu!"
Three powerful handprints were formed again and whizzed towards Luo Zheng in the sky.
After Chun Hao sent out three palm imprints, he let out a deep breath. The Chaotic Origin Spiritual Light spots in his body were extinguished one by one. Those Chaotic Origin Spirits had entered a state of fatigue.
After losing the stability of the Chaotic Origin Spirits, Chun Hao no longer dared to activate the Nirvana Realm Token. Otherwise, his fleshy body would crumble before those energies were sent out.
"These three palm imprints are already Chun Hao's limit …"
"If these three palm imprints are unable to defeat Luo Zheng, Chun Hao will lose!"
"That brat is most likely going to create a new record …"
The old men in the Ground of Sword Grief could see that Chun Hao was already an arrow at the end of its flight.
Seeing those three palm imprints heading towards him, Luo Zheng adjusted his posture in midair. At the same time, the Sealing Stone Solution in his body was also spreading throughout his bones.
Although the usage of the Nirvana Realm Token was prohibited in this battle arena, the Sealing Stone Solution was a part of Luo Zheng's body. Hence, it should not be prohibited.
Just as Luo Zheng adjusted his posture, the three palm imprints had already slapped towards Luo Zheng.
"Hong! Hong! Hong! "
The terrifying Nirvana Energy exploded on Luo Zheng's body. The surrounding space was like an empty house in a hurricane. It was constantly shaking.
If it was any other ordinary space, it would have been torn apart by these palm imprints.
But the battle arena clearly had a method to stabilize space. This piece of space merely shook for a moment before it was forcefully stabilized.
Even after receiving those three palm imprints, Luo Zheng's fleshy body remained as stable as before!
He lightly tapped in midair. Like an agile little bird, he lightly landed on the stage. He looked at Chun Hao with a calm gaze.
Luo Zheng did not make a move.
Chun Hao's Chaotic Origin Spirit had already entered a state of fatigue. The current Chun Hao could not even withstand a single blow.
Chun Hao looked at Luo Zheng with unwillingness. Eventually, he felt even more bitter. He stood in front of Luo Zheng and refused to admit defeat.
"Are you not planning on admitting defeat? Or are you waiting for your Chaotic Origin Spirit to recover? "Luo Zheng asked.
"I, I … have lost." Chun Hao spat out a few words with great difficulty.
At the moment when Chun Hao admitted defeat, the rookies burst out in cheers.
Luo Zheng's victory over Chun Hao did not have much to do with these rookies. They were still competing with each other before deciding the victor.
But the attitude of these elders in the Land of Sword of Grief made the rookies unhappy. Luo Zheng had helped them vent their anger.
Luo Zheng turned to Fang Wei below the stage. He then asked in return: "Do you think you are qualified to challenge me now?"
Even the first place of the First Floor was easily taken down by Luo Zheng. A disciple ranked over 500 was indeed not qualified …
Fang Wei stood stiffly at his original spot. Under Luo Zheng's burning gaze, he subconsciously shook his head.
As for Chun Xuan, he felt even more depressed …
Being defeated by Luo Zheng had always been a knot in his heart.
Who would have thought that in just a few months, his elder brother would be defeated by him again. Was this fellow sent by the heavens to torment him and his brothers?
The elders on the First Floor of the Land of Sword of Grief were still standing at their original spots in a daze.
The way they looked at Luo Zheng had completely changed.
The strength that Luo Zheng had just displayed did not seem to be close to his limit.
He was only enduring Chun Hao's attacks …
If this fellow were to attack, how terrifying would it be?
His strength was already enough to charge into the Second Floor …
"Weng …"
The Ranking Stone flashed with light. The rankings on it had already undergone a fundamental change.
Chun Hao's name had been forcefully pushed down by Luo Zheng. As for Luo Zheng, he was now the first place of the First Floor!
"A new record has been born. On the first day of entering the Land of Sword of Grief, his ranking rose to 1116. He became the first place of the First Floor. He rose even faster than Li Bianxue …" A disciple at the front of the rankings muttered. When he saw the notification beside Luo Zheng's name, he was shocked.
His face was overflowing with shock.
"I have heard that this kid shone brightly at the Seven Mountains Meeting. I really did not expect …" Another disciple looked at the Ranking Stone in a daze.
Everyone in the Land of Sword of Grief paid close attention to the changes in the Ranking Stone. This stone was proof of strength.

Chapter 3157
Li Bianxue was once the rising star of the Sword of Grief. On the first day of entering the Sword of Grief, she also chose to challenge an old man. After that battle, Li Bianxue's ranking rose to the 300th place.
This record was once determined to be unprecedented and would never be broken again.
But now, the newcomer had appeared.
Luo Zheng broke this record in an extremely relaxed manner.
Some disciples even thought that if it weren't for the rules of the Sword of Grief, Luo Zheng could challenge a disciple of the Second floor and rise to the Second floor on the first day!
After Luo Zheng got off the stage, he quietly retreated to the side.
When all newcomers entered the Sword of Grief, they had to challenge an opponent to generate a ranking.
Many newcomers chose opponents to challenge each other, and at the same time, the rankings on the Ranking Stone were constantly fluctuating.
In fact, among these newcomers, there were still some who could fight against the old men of the first floor.
For example, Ling Shuang, Feng Ge, Mo Yijian, Chou Xinghe and others.
But out of conservatism, they did not choose the old men of the Sword of Grief.
More than a hundred people were in pairs, and the rotation speed was very fast.
In the process of the competition, the names on the Ranking Stone were constantly increasing.
Unsurprisingly, Chou Xinghe, Feng Ge, Ling Shuang and others were ranked between 1117 and 1125.
But these rankings were also temporary.
Truly talented geniuses like Mo Yijian and Chou Xinghe improved very quickly. Especially after they crossed the Thirteen Heavens of the Color Realm and arrived at the Desire Realm to bear the new Paramita token, their strength would often soar, and their rankings would also rapidly rise.
Six hours later, the rankings of all the newcomers had appeared.
According to the rankings on the Ranking Stone, the Sword of Grief began to allocate secret cultivation rooms for everyone.
After entering the Sword of Grief, they could receive a salary from the Heavenly Palace every month.
Their current status could no longer be regarded as "disciples", but as "consecrators" of the Greater One Heavenly Palace. As long as these people grew a little, they would be able to become indomitable experts.
Since they were "consecrators", it was natural to receive a salary.
And the amount of salary was determined according to the number of the secret cultivation room.
The salary of Room 1 was a little special. It was distributed according to the standards of the Second Floor. Naturally, everyone envied it.
When Luo Zheng checked into Room 1, the top 30 experts on the first floor had already made up their minds. As long as they waited until the beginning of the month, they would definitely exercise their right to challenge Luo Zheng.
Although Chun Hao was thoroughly defeated, many people were still hopeful or had some speculations about Luo Zheng.
At least, Luo Zheng didn't look that strong …
Not only the elders on the first floor, but also many people on the second floor were paying attention to Luo Zheng.
At the beginning of the month, Luo Zheng also had the right to challenge.
Since he was already number one on the first floor, once he exercised this right, his target would most likely be the second floor.
Who would Luo Zheng choose to challenge on the Second Floor?
On the first day, many of the rookies were settled down.
The disciples of the Land of Sword Grief were rather busy. They were either heading to Dragon City to accept missions or training on the other shore.
Inside the bronze palace, there were also disciples going in and out frequently.
In the past, they would always take a look at the Ranking Stone.
Usually, the Ranking Stone's position would change at the beginning of the month.
This time, there was a change in the middle of the month. Those people were paying attention to the new disciples.
"This, this, this … What's going on!"
A middle-aged man in black stood in front of the Ranking Stone and screamed.
Some of the disciples beside him saw the middle-aged man's reaction, but their expressions didn't change much.
Ever since Luo Zheng's name was hung up, anyone who passed by the Ranking Stone would scream with a face of disbelief.
"This … Why was Chun Hao kicked out? The number one guy's name is very unfamiliar! "The middle-aged man in black continued to scream.
"Of course it's unfamiliar. He's a newcomer," someone beside him answered.
"How is that possible! A newcomer just came in today and defeated Chun Hao to be number one? Am I blind or is there something wrong with the Ranking Stone? "If he didn't see it with his own eyes, it would be hard to believe.
"Just take it that there's something wrong with the Ranking Stone," the person beside him curled his lips and said.
The middle-aged man in black pondered in front of the Ranking Stone for a while before leaving. After realizing that he had missed an exciting fight, he hurriedly looked for other people to understand the whole story.
But just as the middle-aged man in black left, another three people came in from the bronze palace.
When the three people's gazes swept across the Ranking Stone, they all had the same reaction as the young man in black.
"Damn! What's going on today! "
"Did we miss something?"
"He's a newcomer!"
On the Ranking Stone, a new name would be added every ten years. Most people could tell that "Luo Zheng" was a newcomer at a glance.
The few people guarding the Ranking Stone had a helpless expression on their faces.
They could only casually explain a few words and dismiss the three people.
It could be expected that all the disciples in the Sword of Grief would have such an exaggerated reaction after seeing the Ranking Stone …
The most depressed person on this day was probably Chun Xuan.
He didn't have the heart to cultivate today. He just stood at the door of the number two secret cultivation room and silently watched the people in front of the Ranking Stone being shocked.
The feeling of being stepped on and climbed up was naturally terrible.
… …
… …
The secret cultivation room in the bronze palace looked extremely narrow from the outside.
But in reality, it was extremely spacious inside. It was just like a miniature palace.
Luo Zheng did not plan on staying in the Sword of Grief for too long. Compared to the cultivation room in the Great Yi Heaven Palace, he preferred his independent courtyard in the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
But since he had just entered the Sword of Grief, it wasn't suitable for Luo Zheng to leave.
When night fell, Luo Zheng once again brought out the green jade chessboard and sent down the green jade sculpture to temper his body.
During the battle with Chun Hao, Luo Zheng wasn't as relaxed as it seemed on the surface.
His Chaotic Origin Spirit might seem tyrannical, but in reality, it was still at the Early Stage Chaotic Origin Realm. Compared to Chun Hao, there was still a gap.
More importantly, his True Intent of Dao could rapidly alleviate the fatigue of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
The continuous True Intent of Dao formed a unique closed loop with the Chaotic Origin Spirit. It greatly extended the duration of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. The two complemented each other, increasing the duration of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
On the second day, early in the morning.
Two deacons in the Sword of Grief knocked on the doors of the cultivation rooms of the newcomers. They notified them to enter the other shore.
After stepping into the Chaotic Origin Realm, they should be prepared to charge into the Desire Realm.
After the two deacons notified everyone in the cultivation rooms, they discovered that they had missed a disciple.

Chapter 3158
After receiving the notification from the two Deacons, Luo Zheng returned to his cultivation room.
Following that, he softly chanted a True Meaning of Dao before his Sun Soul returned to the Paramita.
The other newcomers from the other cultivation rooms were also gathering in the 13 Heavens of the Paramita.
Feng Ge was the only one who experienced a slightly different process.
Feng Ge's Sun Soul had left the Paramita, but her Pure Witch fleshy body remained in the Heaven Palace stronghold in the Paramita.
When she entered the Paramita, that Pure Witch fleshy body in the Heaven Palace stronghold opened its eyes.
Feng Ge took a look at his own body and walked out of the stronghold without consulting anyone.
Many Heaven Palace disciples had already gathered. When they saw Feng Ge walking out, most of them were startled.
Not many knew that Feng Ge could appear in a fleshy body in the Paramita. Hence, when they saw Feng Ge suddenly appearing like a Paramita lifeform, they felt puzzled and astonished.
Actually, there were ways to conceal it. For instance, covering Feng Ge's face would suffice.
But previously at the Sky Sunflower Deity Temple, You Xiong Clan had already seen Feng Ge's true appearance. Hence, there was no need to conceal it.
Most of the newcomers from the Land of Sword Grief had already arrived. Even Nine Li's Lan Qing, Huo Ze, and others had gathered in front of the stronghold. Only Chou Xue was missing.
After Chou Xue obtained his ranking in the Land of Sword Grief yesterday, he had already entered the Paramita.
He continued descending from the 13 Heavens of the Paramita before returning to the Fourth Level Heaven of the Paramita. He was there to collect some items required for breaking through to the Fourteenth Level Heaven.
Everyone waited for more than two hours before Chou Xue finally arrived.
"I have made you wait for a long time, fellow cultivators." Chou Xue chuckled. The Sumeru Ring on his hand began flashing with light. Many dark golden discs appeared from within. At the same time, he said: "Even though everyone has reached the Chaotic Origin Realm, a true Chaotic Origin Realm expert requires a corresponding Paramita token.
After reaching the Paramita token, everyone will have the strength of a Chaotic Origin Realm expert. By then, I believe everyone will not be afraid of the challenges in the Land of Sword Grief! This Flying Cloud Wheel is the key to helping everyone break through to the Fourteenth Heavenly Layer. Everyone needs to receive one. "
Even though these cultivators had just reached the Chaotic Origin Realm, the main difference between them and those old cultivators in the Sword Grief Land was their Paramita Token.
Other than a few people like Luo Zheng, Feng Ge, and Ling Shuang, most people's Nirvana Realm tokens contained power below 1,000 Godly Jun. Naturally, they urgently needed to be able to fuse with a more powerful Nirvana Realm token.
Chou Xue distributed the Wheels of Flying Clouds one by one. When it was Luo Zheng's turn, Luo Zheng whispered, "Do you have many Wheels of Flying Clouds?"
A smile appeared on Chou Xinghe's face, and he silently handed over the two Flying Cloud Wheels to Luo Zheng.
After distributing the Flying Cloud Wheels, Worry Cloud once again turned back. At the same time, he flashed a finger of soul crystals from his spatial ring.
This time, the Great Yi Heaven Palace had invested heavily. They had practically emptied all the soul crystals they had accumulated over the years.
There was no other reason. Since the Chaotic Origin Great World had already closed, it would be hard for them to nurture more Chaotic Origin Realm experts in the future. Since everyone was the last batch of Chaotic Origin Realm experts, they would naturally use all these resources on them.
Many of the new disciples were overjoyed. At the same time they received the soul crystals, they immediately began absorbing them.
After completing these preparations, the group left the stronghold and headed towards the other end of the 13th Heavenly Layer.
Along the way, they did not meet many Sun Souls.
Those Sun Souls who could step into the 13th Heavenly Layer would usually think of ways to obtain an entrance ticket to the Chaotic Origin Great World.
These Sun Souls who could not enter the Chaotic Origin Great World belonged to either sects or extremely weak superpowers.
And many of the clansmen and disciples from the superpowers had also headed towards the 14th Heavenly Layer after returning to their respective clans. Luo Zheng's group had been delayed for a few days at Li Mountain. They were most likely the last batch to enter the 13th Heavenly Layer.
As they passed by the Dark Domain, Luo Zheng would unintentionally glance at that dense darkness.
Not just Luo Zheng, even Feng Ge's eyes flickered slightly. He whispered to Luo Zheng: "I wonder if that Three-eyed Boy is still within?"
"He should be." Luo Zheng nodded.
That time, the two of them were forced to stay within by Three-eyed Boy to create candles.
In the end, due to a freak combination of factors, Feng Ge became a Pure One and he inherited the Tool of Civilization.
From the standpoint of Three-eyed Boy, he should be standing on the opposite side of the Blood Parliament. Would they have the chance to meet again in the future?
Ling Shuang followed by the side. When she heard the conversation between the two, a strand of disappointment appeared on her hazy face.
This disappointment was clear. Ever since Luo Zheng entered the Paramita Realm, some secrets belonged to her and Luo Zheng. But due to a freak combination of factors in the Dark Domain, Feng Ge was forcefully dragged in …
On the other side of the 13 Heavens of the Paramita Realm, huge temples were scattered all over the place.
Most of these temples had been explored, and each temple recorded the rise and fall of a civilization.
After passing these temples, they continued to move forward. The darkness on both sides continued to spread toward the center of the path. The Dark Domain on both sides was like a mountain whose peak could not be seen. It squeezed the path into a narrow mountain stream. The narrowest part was only five feet wide.
"Coo coo …"
"Hiss …"
There seemed to be creatures of the Dark Domain wandering in the dark domain on both sides.
Faint sounds came from both sides. Many disciples of the Heavenly Palace felt a chill run down their spines.
"This path seems to be even narrower …"
"During this period, the Dark Domain seems to have expanded again. It won't be long before this path is completely sealed by the Dark Domain."
"What if the creatures of the Dark Domain rush out?"
If they were not careful and got caught up in it, they would probably die without a burial place. Lan Qing also squeezed closer to her brother Huo Ze.
After noticing Lan Qing's fear, Chou Xinghe said gently, "Everyone, don't be afraid. The Dark Domain is a forbidden area for us. The Light Domain outside the Dark Domain is also a forbidden area for the creatures of the Dark Domain. If they rush out, they will definitely die."
"Brother Chou Xinghe is right. The creatures of the Dark Domain cannot leave the Dark Domain," Luo Zheng agreed.
But just as Luo Zheng's voice fell, several tentacles suddenly shot out from the Dark Domain beside him. These tentacles seemed to be some kind of plant. The dark green skin seemed to be able to reduce the damage of the Light Domain!
"Hiss …"
The light quickly melted the tentacle. But before it was completely melted, it wrapped around Luo Zheng's neck and dragged him into the Dark Domain.
"Ah!"
"Brother Luo Zheng!"
"Be careful …"
No one had expected this to happen. For a moment, they did not react.
Even if they did react, it would be too late to save him.
"You're courting death!"
Feng Ge raised his eyebrows and raised his five fingers in the air. A bright light shone down from the sky, heading straight for the Dark Domain.
"Ga ga ga …"
In the dark domain, a lush Demon Plant twisted its body crazily. In the blink of an eye, it was completely melted by the white light.

Chapter 3159
Even though it was a false alarm, the Heavenly Palace disciples who witnessed this scene were still shocked.
They all squeezed towards this narrow path. But this path was only so wide. No matter how much they squeezed, it was useless.
Luo Zheng remained calm.
After all, he had lived in the Dark Domain for a period of time. He understood the terror of the Dark Domain.
Moreover, with Feng Ge, a Pure Witch, by their side, they could do whatever they wanted in the Dark Domain if it was not necessary.
After Luo Zheng got up, he returned to the path. After sensing the emotions of the Heavenly Palace disciples, Luo Zheng chuckled: "Everyone saw it. The beings of the Dark Domain could not even withstand a single blow from His Highness Feng Ge."
"Everyone, please go ahead first. I'll protect everyone." Feng Ge said as he followed behind Luo Zheng.
The Heavenly Palace disciples who had fallen into fear could not help but nod. At the same time, they were deeply moved in their hearts.
This generation of Heavenly Palace disciples was truly filled with heaven-defying geniuses.
Even a genius like Mo Yijian who could comprehend the Dao with a single thought was not enough.
Let alone Luo Zheng, whether it was in the Chaotic Origin Great World or the Land of Sword Grief, he had been creating miracles along the way.
Even though His Highness Feng Ge's performance in the Origin World was ordinary, he actually had such capabilities in the Paramita World. He could easily kill the beings of the Dark Domain. This was something they had never heard of before.
The Heavenly Palace disciples formed a straight line and continued on this narrow path. Feng Ge protected them from the back.
Perhaps Feng Ge's actions had intimidated the beings of the Dark Domain.
The roars that were originally reverberating in the Dark Domain had completely subsided. They did not encounter any attacks along the way.
After traveling along this narrow path for the time it took for two incense sticks to burn, the path ahead finally opened up. A wide stone platform appeared. This stone platform was the edge of the entire Color Realm.
The distant horizon was like a colorful ink painting. All kinds of colors intertwined together. It was like a dream.
Amidst these colors, there was a small black round hole. All the colors were released from this round hole. It was also a point where they converged.
"The energy contained in those flowing colors is so unique …" Luo Zheng gazed into the distance and said.
He could clearly sense the energy within, and this energy was exceptionally powerful. It was similar to the energy he had fused with, but its aura was completely different.
Ling Shuang stared at the colors and said, "It is said that this is the ability to create the Nirvana Realm. The 33 Levels of Heaven were formed bit by bit from these colors."
"The energy that forms the 33 Layers of Heaven?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Chou Xue also nodded and said, "There is indeed such a saying, but this energy cannot be used by us, so naturally no one would study it."
"Brother Chou, is that whirlpool the place we have to go through?" Lan Qing walked up and asked.
"That's right," Chou Xinghe said. "Now that we've reached our destination, we can head towards the Fourteenth Heaven. No one can help anyone at this step, you can only rely on yourselves and the Cloud Wheels in your hands. Everyone, remember to be careful of those ribbons, they are actually extremely powerful energy turbulences. Once you're sucked into them, even the gods won't be able to save you."
After hearing Chou Xizhi's warning, everyone's heart turned solemn.
Even though they were fortunate enough to step into the Chaotic Origin Realm, it did not mean that they could sit back and relax.
In the Nirvana Realm, they were still weak Sun Souls.
"Who will go first?" Chou Xue asked.
The disciples of the Heaven Palace fell silent. This was the first time everyone was experiencing something like this. The risk of being the first person was naturally the greatest.
"I'll go first." A person stepped out. From his voice, it was Mo Yijian from the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
"Junior Brother Mo, please." Chou Xue cupped his hands and said.
Mo Yijian was not afraid of this hurdle that he had to pass through.
He stood by the edge of the stone platform before activating the Cloud Wheels in his hand.
This Cloud Wheels revolved continuously in Mo Yijian's hand, forming a dense cloud. At the same time, a force was applied on the surface of Mo Yijian's Sun Soul, pushing him out of the stone platform and into the air Ao Xiang.
As Mo Yijian flew higher and higher, he gradually turned into a tiny black dot in the eyes of the crowd. But through the white cloud emitted by the Cloud Wheels, everyone could still see his position.
The white cloud gradually approached the colorful whirlpool.
The closer he got to the whirlpool, the greater the danger. Mo Yijian controlled the Cloud Wheels to carefully hover in the energy belt.
Soon after, he successfully reached the center of the whirlpool. There seemed to be an invisible gravitational force exerted on him, and then he was suddenly sucked into the whirlpool.
After Mo Yijian disappeared in the energy whirlpool, Chou Xue said, "It's the next person's turn."
When the disciples of the Heaven Palace saw that Mo Yijian had successfully entered the whirlpool, their courage gradually grew. After another person came out, he directly took out the Cloud Wheels and flew towards the energy whirlpool.
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng retreated to the back of the team. At the same time, he handed a Cloud Wheels to Ling Shuang.
The others only needed to fly across the Desire Realm once, but Luo Zheng needed to do it twice. Naturally, his physical body also needed this thing.
After Ling Shuang silently put away the Cloud Wheels, Feng Ge asked with concern, "Do you need me to come and pick you up?"
Luo Zheng's physical body was much stronger than his Yang Soul, but it was still a little dangerous to pass through that narrow path. Feng Ge was a little worried.
"No need. That little bit of danger is not enough," Luo Zheng said confidently.
Then, Luo Zheng's thoughts moved slightly, and he disappeared into the other side.
When Luo Zheng disappeared, Feng Ge and Ling Shuang looked at each other.
The two of them seemed to have a tacit understanding and could guess each other's expressions at this time. A strange atmosphere circulated between the two of them.
"There's no need to look down on Luo Zheng so much, right?" Ling Shuang was the first to speak.
Feng Ge blinked and said, "Are you very disappointed? Because you can't help Luo Zheng? "
After being hit by Feng Ge's words, Ling Shuang was a little flustered and hurriedly explained, "No, I just think that there's no need to think of Luo Zheng as so incompetent …"
"Oh, I see," Feng Ge said indifferently. "You're jealous."
"… …"
Feng Ge being so straightforward, Ling Shuang was speechless for a moment.
"I guessed right," Feng Ge said calmly. "I heard that before Luo Zheng came to the Mother World, you were acquainted with him. The reason why he joined the Greater One Heavenly Palace was also because of you."
There were many factors affecting Luo Zheng's entry into the Greater One Heavenly Palace, but the most important point was that Ling Shuang was the bridge in the Sea of True Meaning, so it could indeed be considered as Ling Shuang's reason.
"But there's one thing you have to understand. Luo Zheng doesn't belong to you alone," Feng Ge said again.

Chapter 3160
After the experience with Luo Zheng in the Dark Domain, Feng Ge's temperament had changed slightly. Even so, it was not a huge change. She would become gentler when facing Luo Zheng. But she would still remain indifferent when facing others, especially when facing Ling Shuang alone.
"When, when did I say that Luo Zheng belongs to me?" Ling Shuang felt even more embarrassed. She retorted instinctively.
"You are willing to give up your life for him. If not, how could you have such courage?" Feng Ge continued.
In the Chaotic Origin Great World, Ling Shuang had brought out the 'Heart of Accomplice' without hesitation. At that time, Feng Ge did not understand it. Only later on did he find out that Ling Shuang had actually kept this terrifying Paramita Talisman.
"I am merely forced by the situation." Ling Shuang felt frustrated. There was a limit to her patience.
Feeling Ling Shuang's rapid breathing, Feng Ge felt a strand of amusement. She no longer bothered with this question. Instead, she asked a more straightforward question, "Then do you like him?"
"…"
Ling Shuang was speechless once again. She paused for a moment before replying, "What does this have to do with you?"
Who knew that Feng Ge would suddenly whisper into Ling Shuang's ears, "Of course it has to do with me. He belongs to me alone."
Ling Shuang stood there in a daze for a few breaths of time. Perhaps she was used to Feng Ge's straightforwardness. She said, "He already has a family."
"So what?" Feng Ge stood up. This fleshly body of a Pure Witch was born from her imagination. It was even more perfect than Feng Ge's body in the Primal Chaos. It emitted a different kind of charm.
She looked at the distant huge maelstrom and said, "That is his past. I am talking about the future."
Hearing how confident Feng Ge was, Ling Shuang frowned.
She could not figure out what Feng Ge was thinking. According to her understanding of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng would definitely not throw away his past.
"Where did your confidence come from?" Ling Shuang asked faintly.
Feng Ge no longer cared about Ling Shuang. The expression on her face gradually faded away. She regained her usual cold and frosty look.
At first, Feng Ge really hated Luo Zheng.
However, after the trip to the Tenebrous Realm, Feng Ge gradually became curious about Luo Zheng after regaining his memories.
In the Taishi Palace, Feng Ge had more exchanges with his three "little disciples", and these exchanges were mostly about Luo Zheng's past.
Although Xun spoke less than Mu Ning and Han Liusu, she had accompanied Luo Zheng the longest.
But no matter who mentioned Luo Zheng, there was a calm trust on their faces.
This trust formed a unique glow on their faces.
Feng Ge's tragic experience in the Hive made her hostile and indifferent to everything around her.
Even Concubine Yan's comforting over the years could not heal her wounds.
What he lacked was what he wanted.
Feng Ge suddenly felt very envious. He envied Han Liusu and the others' expressions when they mentioned Luo Zheng.
Once this impulse sprouted, it grew uncontrollably.
It was only after the trip to the Chaotic Origin Great World that Feng Ge finally understood that Luo Zheng was someone worth trusting unconditionally. She also liked this feeling of trust.
Chou Xue was busy at the front.
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace held onto their Flying Cloud Wheels and flew away one by one.
Not long after, Luo Zheng's fleshy body had traversed the 13 Heavens of the Paramita Realm and arrived here.
Ling Shuang silently went forward and handed over the other Flying Cloud Wheel to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng directly dispersed his fleshy body and returned to the Paramita Realm with his Yang Soul.
At this moment, more than half of the Heavenly Palace disciples had left …
Luo Zheng held onto his Flying Cloud Wheel and walked to the edge of the stone platform. Ling Shuang and Feng Ge followed behind silently. They planned to follow Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's gaze landed on Feng Ge, saying: "A Pure Witch is the Heaven Lord of a Layer of Heaven. After a Paramita lifeform becomes a Pure Witch, he can only stay in a certain layer of Heaven. I wonder if Feng Ge can cross over normally."
After a Paramita lifeform became a Pure Witch, he would be fixed in a certain layer. This was something that Luo Zheng had verified with Qiu Yin River.
But Feng Ge was an exception.
She was not a Paramita lifeform. It was unknown if she would be restricted by this.
Feng Ge blinked before saying: "I've asked Emperor Father. He also hopes that I can try to cross over to the 14th Layer of Heaven."
If Feng Ge could only dominate the 13th Layer of Heaven, it would be a good thing for the Heavenly Palace.
But if she could continue climbing, that would be terrifying …
A Pure Witch who could grow was enough to change the structure of many superpowers in the Paramita Realm!
"Since that's the case, you can wait here." Luo Zheng said.
"Why?" Feng Ge asked.
Luo Zheng's gaze went past Feng Ge and fell on the place where his physical body disappeared. Feng Ge instantly understood.
Although Luo Zheng was not a Pure Witch, he also crossed over to the Paramita Realm with his physical body. Anyway, Luo Zheng needed to cross over twice. Feng Ge could complete the crossing together with Luo Zheng during the second time.
"Okay, I'll wait for you." Feng Ge nodded.
The other disciples of the Heavenly Palace were confused. Luo Zheng was obviously here. Why did he have to wait for him? Perhaps only Chou Xue, Ling Shuang and the others understood.
Then Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang also activated the Flying Cloud Wheel in their hands.
A burst of smoke rose. Luo Zheng's Sun Soul was the first to float up, followed by Ling Shuang.
When the two had flown some distance away from the stone platform, Luo Zheng looked back.
From here, he could see the full appearance of the Thirteen Heavens of the Paramita Realm. The Thirteenth Heaven was like a huge island, and the dark domain was like dark clouds spreading from both sides, enclosing the island.
Below the Thirteenth Heaven, there was a thin line that extended all the way down.
Those thin lines should be connecting the Starry Doors of the Twelve Heavens. However, from this angle, it was impossible to see where the Twelve Heavens were.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly thought of the space where King Ashoka was.
Although King Ashoka saw that space as the second Paramita Realm, the size of that space was still incomparable to the real one.
To be able to create the Thirty-Three Heavens in the chaos was really a creation of the Gods.
"Luo Zheng, be careful," Ling Shuang reminded him from behind.
Just as Luo Zheng looked back, an energy ribbon came towards him. Luo Zheng gently flipped the Flying Cloud Wheel in his hand. With a burst of smoke, he easily dodged the energy ribbon.
The difficulty of entering the energy vortex was not high. As long as he was a little careful, he could smoothly pass through.
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace who had ascended earlier had all been sucked into the vortex. However, whether or not they had successfully passed through the energy vortex was another matter.
As the two of them got closer and closer to the vortex, a powerful gravitational force erupted from the inside of the energy vortex, pulling them in.
This gravitational force was so strong that it was almost irresistible. The closer they got to the vortex, the stronger the gravitational force became.
"Whoosh! Whoosh! "

Chapter 3161
Inside the energy whirlpool was a long and narrow tunnel. The energy ribbons were like giant pythons coiling around each other.
Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang were flying through the tunnel at an extremely fast speed.
The Flying Cloud Wheels could help them adjust their direction, but it wasn't easy to move forward at such a high speed.
In the distance of the tunnel, several energy ribbons rolled up like giant pythons.
"Watch out for the right. Follow me," Luo Zheng reminded Ling Shuang.
Ling Shuang tilted the Flying Cloud Wheels to the right, and the two of them moved to the left side of the tunnel.
After adjusting their direction, the two of them successfully passed by one side of the energy ribbons.
"Left!" Luo Zheng said again.
The two of them flew to the right side again. The clouds released by the Flying Cloud Wheels formed a long white line in the tunnel.
With Luo Zheng's advance warning, they passed through the tunnel safely several times in a row.
Ling Shuang grabbed the Flying Cloud Wheels and quietly followed behind Luo Zheng. She looked at the energy ribbons around her in a daze.
Since the appearance of Feng Ge, she hadn't been alone with Luo Zheng like this for a long time.
After realizing this, she somewhat missed the days in the Sea of True Meaning.
"I hope this tunnel is longer …" Ling Shuang thought to herself.
At this moment, a ripple suddenly appeared above the energy channel, and several thick energy ribbons rolled down.
"Go down!"
Seeing these thick energy ribbons, Luo Zheng was shocked. However, with the Flying Cloud Wheels, it shouldn't be a problem to avoid them.
Just as Luo Zheng adjusted the Flying Cloud Wheels to fly down, he suddenly felt that something was wrong behind him. Ling Shuang was flying forward in a daze. She didn't come down with him!
"Ling Shuang!"
Luo Zheng shouted. He suddenly turned the Flying Cloud Wheels. His whole body spiraled upwards. That white mist followed Luo Zheng's body and rotated in circles.
After reaching Ling Shuang, Luo Zheng grabbed her with one hand and grabbed Ling Shuang's Flying Cloud Wheels with the other.
The two Flying Cloud Wheels spat out clouds and mist, and the two of them fell straight down.
Because they were falling too quickly, the energy belt above their heads was avoided, but the two of them were still hurtling towards the bottom wall of the energy vortex!
Perhaps Ling Shuang was scared stiff. She curled up in Luo Zheng's arms and didn't move.
Seeing that he was getting closer and closer to the bottom wall of the energy vortex, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and aimed the two Flying Cloud Wheels straight down!
If he were to crash into the wall, he would definitely die.
"Hua …"
Bursts of clouds and mist were spat out, slowing down the downward momentum of the two.
When Luo Zheng was still half a foot away from the cave wall, the downward momentum finally stopped. Only then did the two of them start to rise unsteadily.
"That was close!"
Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief and scolded at the same time, "Why are you still in a daze at this time?"
Ling Shuang continued to curl up in his embrace. She did not defend herself, nor did she refute him.
"What's wrong with you?" Luo Zheng looked at Ling Shuang strangely.
He could not see Ling Shuang's expression, but he could feel that the aura emitted by Ling Shuang's Yang Soul was somewhat scattered.
Logically speaking, there was nothing in this energy passage that could affect the soul. Just passing through it should not cause any harm to her Yang Soul.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to return the Flying Cloud Wheels to Ling Shuang and let her continue to follow him.
However, Ling Shuang did not say a word and curled up in his embrace. He could only hold Ling Shuang with one hand and hold the two Flying Cloud Wheels with the other.
"Ling Shuang, did something happen?"
"Did you hurt your Yang Soul just now?"
"I still have a Soul Core here, um … and a Soul Crystal …"
After leaving the 13th Layer of Heaven, they entered the Desire Realm.
The Desire Realm's pressure on the soul was definitely stronger than the Color Realm.
Luo Zheng also faintly felt this pressure, but Ling Shuang had entered the 13th Layer of Heaven together with him, so she should be able to withstand this pressure.
She only scrutinized Luo Zheng's blurry face and secretly sighed in her heart. Idiot …
Luo Zheng said a few words in a row, but Ling Shuang did not reply. He did not know what to say and could only silently move forward.
After a while, Ling Shuang suddenly said faintly, "If only there was no end to this space passage."
"Ling Shuang, you're joking." Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Even if there really was no end to this space passage, the energy in the Flying Cloud Wheels will be used up sooner or later. At that time, won't we be turned into …"
Halfway through, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped.
No matter how stupid Luo Zheng was, he understood at this time.
He and Ling Shuang did not seem to be discussing the same thing …
After Luo Zheng suddenly stopped talking, Ling Shuang's hands around his neck suddenly tightened, and her head even lowered in his arms, as if she was a little shy.
Her and Feng Ge's personalities were the complete opposite of each other.
In the Heavenly Palace, everyone knew that Ling Shuang was warm and cheerful, but when facing someone she really liked, she was very shy and expressed her love very vaguely.
On the other hand, Feng Ge always displayed arrogance and indifference. But when he had a request in his heart, he would be very direct.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's body was slightly stiff.
After entering the Paramita Realm for so long, he had spent most of his time with Ling Shuang. The two of them had experienced many life and death situations together.
But Luo Zheng did not expect that this little girl from the Extreme Celestial Mountain would actually fall in love with him.
Thinking back to the Chaotic Origin Great World, when Ling Shuang decisively brought out the Heart of Accomplice, he felt warmth in his heart.
"But I …"
Just as Luo Zheng was about to speak, Ling Shuang had already extended her hand and covered his mouth. At the same time, she said, "No matter what 'but', I don't care …"
Ling Shuang was still a blank piece of paper when it came to emotions. Just like what Feng Ge said, she did not have the courage to express her feelings.
But under Feng Ge's provocation, Ling Shuang started to worry about her gains and losses. Finally, she could no longer suppress it.
Even though she was a proud daughter of the Extreme Celestial Mountain, her temperament was not much different from a 17- or 18-year-old girl.
Luo Zheng did not know how to respond to Ling Shuang's words.
At this moment, dozens of energy ribbons started rolling up once again in the passage ahead. The energy that was flowing in all directions was mixed with a frenzied aura. It was crazily flowing towards the center of the passage.
They had already reached the most dangerous stage within the maelstrom.
"Hold on tight!"
Luo Zheng did not have the time to be distracted. With the two Flying Cloud Wheels gently moving, he was like a swallow flying in a thunderstorm, shuttling left and right within these energy ribbons.
This part of the passage was not far. After seven to eight breaths of time, the two of them had successfully passed through. The remaining part of the passage was calm and peaceful.
After flying for an incense's time within this calm maelstrom, they finally saw the exit in front of them.
When Luo Zheng got close to the exit, a powerful pushing force exerted on his body. It was the opposite when he entered the energy maelstrom. This pushing force directly pushed him and Ling Shuang out!

Chapter 3162
According to the distribution of the Paramita 33 Heavens, the Color Realm had 13 Heavens, and the Desire Realm had 19 Heavens!
This realm contained the core strength of the entire Mother World!
The majority of those who could enter this realm were at the Chaotic Origin Realm.
Of course, even lifeforms who had yet to step into the Chaotic Origin Realm could enter the 14th Heavens if they fused their Sun Soul into Indigo.
But starting from the 14th Heavens, the Paramita Treasures here would contain Paramita Energy that would start at 1,000 Divine Jun. Those lifeforms who had yet to fuse with a Chaotic Origin Spirit would not be able to unleash their full strength.
Of course, the expedient was to fuse with the descending Paramita Talisman to avoid this problem.
But there was a huge gap between the fleshy body of a Chaotic Origin Expert and a Chaotic Origin Expert. It was hard to bridge.
Beneath the energy maelstrom, there was a stone platform similar to the one in the 13 Heavens of the Color Realm. There were already several Sun Souls waiting on this stone platform.
These Sun Souls were disciples of the Heaven Palace. The majority were those who ascended before Luo Zheng. But there were a few who had a heavier aura and were old men from the Sword Grief Land.
As Luo Zheng carried Ling Shuang and circled in the sky, he felt an unseen pressure. This pressure came from the violet light screen floating in the sky.
But Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang's Sun Soul had already entered Indigo. They could endure this pressure.
He carried Ling Shuang and slowly descended. After carefully stepping on the stone platform, he gently placed her down.
Ling Shuang felt her face heating up under the gaze of the crowd. She hurriedly retreated to the side. Fortunately, no one could see her expression clearly. But the disciples of the Heaven Palace were stunned when they saw this.
Passing through the energy maelstrom was originally a dangerous matter. What was this pair doing?
A Sun Soul with a heavy aura walked over. He said: "The two of you, please report your name and show your soul identification."
These old men did not know the situation over at the Color Realm. In addition, they could not verify their identities. Naturally, they would use their soul identification to verify their identities.
"Extreme Celestial Mountain, Ling Shuang." Ling Shuang said softly after showing her soul identification.
"Heart Flow Sword Sect, Luo Zheng." Luo Zheng replied.
When the elders of the Sword of Grief heard the name "Luo Zheng", they all looked over. Many of them even had playful expressions on their faces.
Even without entering the Sword of Grief, Princess Ling Shuang's name had already spread. After all, she was the most beloved daughter of Elder Ying. She was also known as one of the Two Beauties of the Heavenly Palace along with Feng Ge.
And Luo Zheng became famous after entering the Land of Sword Grief.
His name on the Ranking Stone far surpassed the names of these old men in the Land of Sword Grief …
"Tsk tsk, Elder Ying's granddaughter and that Luo Zheng …"
"They're a good match. Although this kid was born from the grassroots, with such heaven-defying talent, his future achievements will be limitless."
"Haha, if Brother Wen sees this scene, I'm afraid he'll be heartbroken! I wonder what kind of expression he will have when I tell him about this after I leave the other side? "
Those people whispered to each other in their minds.
There were originally very few women in the Land of Sword Grief. Bright and beautiful existences like Ling Shuang and Feng Ge attracted the attention of many old men when they entered the Land of Sword Grief. Among them, there were those who secretly admired them, and there were also those who directly fawned over them.
For example, Feng Ge's face was cold. Those people gradually became inferior. How could they have the chance to get close?
Ling Shuang naturally had a sense of propriety when facing these people. In comparison, she received more attention.
But this hug in the other side indicated many problems. Who knew how many people would be depressed.
After Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang reported their names and soul marks, they silently retreated to the side. Then, Luo Zheng said, "I'll leave the other side now. Wait here for me."
His physical body was still in the Color Realm. Now, it was time for his physical body to ascend.
"En! Be careful! "Ling Shuang said in a low voice. Her shyness from before had not completely faded.
"Weng …"
Soon, Luo Zheng's Sun Soul also disappeared from the stone platform.
The others were waiting here. When they found that Luo Zheng had dispersed his Sun Soul, they felt a little strange, but did not think too much about it.
The next moment, Luo Zheng's physical body reappeared on the 13th Heaven's stone platform.
When Chou Xue, who was commanding everyone, saw Luo Zheng's return, a casual smile appeared on the corner of his mouth. It seemed that his and Ling Shuang's Sun Soul had safely ascended.
However, Luo Zheng did not reveal the identity of "Tianxing" to him. Chou Xue did not point it out and did not ask.
When Feng Ge saw Luo Zheng appear, he also approached him and asked with some concern, "I don't know if this physical body can cross …"
"It's impossible to stay in the 13th Heaven for this physical body," Luo Zheng comforted. "Don't worry, the worst case scenario is to abandon the pure physical body. Feng Ge, your Sun Soul will be fine."
"En! Then Luo Zheng, you have to protect me! "Feng Ge suddenly said, a rare smile on his face, looking very innocent.
Feng Ge was not the kind of person who was easy to get along with. In contrast, Luo Zheng preferred Feng Ge, who had lost his memory.
The scene in front of him was very similar to the time when he lost his memory in the Dark Realm.
Seeing such faces, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. At the same time, he was a little confused.
Ling Shuang and Feng Ge's behavior today was a little abnormal …
After many disciples of the Heavenly Palace, including Lan Qing and the others, had ascended, only Chou Xue, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were left on the stone platform.
"You two, I'll go first." After Chou Xue cupped his hands, he took out the Cloud Wheel and also flew towards the energy vortex in the distance.
After Chou Xue disappeared into the vortex, Luo Zheng said, "It's our turn. I've just passed through this energy vortex. You just need to follow me."
As he spoke, Luo Zheng activated the Cloud Wheel again, and Feng Ge followed closely behind.
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
The two of them had risen high and flew directly towards the energy vortex.
When Luo Zheng was the first to approach the energy vortex, the energy belts did not react. But when Feng Ge approached, the energy belts around the vortex seemed to be provoked and instantly became restless!
Seeing this scene, Feng Ge's face became slightly serious, and he controlled the Cloud Wheel to stop in the air.
Although these energy belts were restless, they did not really roll up. After observing for two breaths, Luo Zheng said, "It's okay! Let's speed up and rush over! "
Feng Ge looked at Luo Zheng's back, pursed his lips, and suddenly showed a unique expression.
He told himself in his heart that he just needed to trust Luo Zheng.
The two of them waited outside the vortex for a while, then suddenly accelerated and rushed into the energy vortex.

Chapter 3163
The change in the energy vortex was obviously caused by Feng Ge.
The entrance at the back was filled with energy ribbons, so it was obviously impossible to turn back!
Moreover, the energy ribbons inside the passage also became frantic. Colorful energy ribbons rose rapidly and began to fill up the passage without leaving any blind spots.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge didn't need to communicate. The two of them were already flying forward.
"Huff … Huff …"
As Feng Ge went deeper into the energy passage, the passage in the energy vortex became even more frantic. The swirling energy ribbons floated in all directions, forming a dense grid that enveloped the two of them.
Seeing the grid formed by the energy ribbons, Feng Ge's eyes were filled with horror. "What should we do? Can we leave the Nirvana Realm …?"
Although the Flying Cloud Wheels could help them soar into the air, the pushing force it gave them was not strong. Even if their physical bodies were more flexible than their Yang souls, they could not increase their speed while floating in the air. Because their physical bodies were heavier than their Yang souls, flying was even more clumsy.
How could they break through the net formed by the energy ribbons?
The net in front of them was closing in on them, while the passage behind them was constantly being squeezed.
At this rate, they would be completely integrated into the vortex in three to five breaths at most. How could they survive?
"Don't be afraid."
Luo Zheng raised the Flying Cloud Wheels in the opposite direction. He retreated to Feng Ge's side and grabbed her arm.
Feng Ge was slightly stunned. She couldn't think of what method Luo Zheng could use to break out of the encirclement in such a situation.
At this moment, she saw a flash of lightning on Luo Zheng's back. Then, there was a crackling sound of thunder and lightning. Then, a pair of thunder wings instantly grew out of Luo Zheng's back.
"Thunder Form Manifestation!"
Although the Stone Sealing Solution could not be used in the Nirvana Realm, the Tao Connotation of the Divine Dao was not rejected by the Nirvana Realm. He could still extract the Tao Connotation from the world in his body. When they were in the Dark Domain, Luo Zheng had used the Divine Dao of Life to heal the Three-eyed Boy.
Luo Zheng often used this pair of thunder wings in the God Domain. After returning to the Mother World, the power of the Taoist Connotation was far weaker than the Power of the Nirvana Realm. Therefore, Luo Zheng did not use it much.
But at critical moments, it could save lives.
"Pipa!"
With a flash of lightning on his wings, he dragged Feng Ge and turned into a bolt of lightning, passing through the net.
When Feng Ge saw that he had passed through safely, he was still in a daze, but he immediately understood.
Although the two of them were both in physical form, they were fundamentally different.
She still entered the Nirvana Realm as a Sun Soul, but she obtained a powerful pure body, while Luo Zheng entered the Nirvana Realm for real.
"Huff huff huff …"
The two of them had just passed through this energy net when another energy belt began to intertwine in front of them.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng simply hugged Feng Ge horizontally. The thunder wings on his back crackled as he once again turned into a bolt of lightning and shot forward.
"Bang!"
"Pipa!"
Every time Luo Zheng turned into a bolt of lightning and struck forward, the two of them drilled out of a layer of the net.
Although the entire passageway had become extremely manic, with energy belts sweeping in all directions, Luo Zheng's speed had increased by a few notches. Often, before those energy belts were formed, he had already passed through them in advance.
Feng Ge lay peacefully in Luo Zheng's arms and looked at Luo Zheng with sparkling eyes.
When Hu Yun's soul was driven away, Feng Ge recovered all her memories in the Dark Domain. In her memories, she was an ignorant child. Even when Feng Ge browsed through those memories, he was still very bashful.
In these memories, she also found a unique kind of trust and peace. This feeling should be the same as Xun and the others.
He always had the means to turn something rotten into something magical. Perhaps this was the source of that feeling …
With Luo Zheng's speed, it only took a few breaths to cross more than half the distance. At most, the two of them should be able to rush through in three to five breaths.
Although the journey was quite smooth, Luo Zheng still had some hidden worries in his heart.
Previously, when he and Ling Shuang passed through the second half of the passageway, there was a section of the passageway where the energy belt was extremely manic.
Feng Ge had already caused such a huge reaction in the energy vortex in the first half of the passageway. That section of the passageway would probably be even more troublesome.
Just as he was thinking, Feng Ge suddenly called out softly, "Luo Zheng, in front!"
When Luo Zheng saw clearly what was in front of him, a bitter smile appeared on his face.
He was still thinking about how to pass through, but he didn't expect the path ahead to be completely blocked by the energy belts …
The passageway behind the two of them was still shrinking. There was no way out at all. The path ahead was also completely blocked by the energy belts. It was a dead end in front of them.
"Looks like we can only abandon this body …" Feng Ge said.
To be able to obtain such a powerful body in the Nirvana Realm was anyone's dream.
However, there was no way out. If they didn't abandon this body, the result would be her and Luo Zheng dying here.
"Hua, hua …"
Those energy belts piled up together and surrounded them from the front and the back.
"Crackle …"
Luo Zheng changed his position several times, but the space for the two of them to dodge was getting smaller and smaller.
"Don't persist, Luo Zheng," Feng Ge said.
She closed her eyes and was about to have her soul out of her body. However, Luo Zheng said, "Wait!"
Lightning flashed in his hand and turned into a spiral thunder halberd, striking toward the inner wall of the passageway.
As he expected, the level of these energy belts was very high.
When the thunderbolts formed by the Mystic Thunder Divine Path entered, they were instantly melted by these energy belts. It was impossible to penetrate them.
However, the energy belts that formed the wall seemed to be enraged. After forming a vortex, a few of the energy belts actually shot toward Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng easily dodged them, a thoughtful look appeared on his face.
Feng Ge looked even more anxious when she saw the energy belts coming from both sides. "Luo Zheng, what are you waiting for? If this continues …"
While she was talking, Luo Zheng's fingertips shot out streaks of lightning toward a certain part of the cave wall.
"Crackle, crackle …"
Every time he attacked the cave wall, a few energy belts would roll out from the cave wall.
After these energy belts shot toward Luo Zheng, they didn't return to their original positions. Instead, they merged with the other energy belts.
The energy belts on the cave wall rolled out one by one. After a short while, a large hole was formed on the cave wall!
"You …" Seeing this scene, Feng Ge was also a little dumbfounded.
She didn't expect Luo Zheng to use the characteristics of these energy belts to forcefully create a path!
"There may not be only one path!" Luo Zheng said calmly.
More thunderbolts bloomed from the surface of his body and shot toward the large hole. Then, he moved and flickered, successfully avoiding the energy belts that rolled over. At the same time, he took Feng Ge and drilled into the deep hole. The moment the two of them drilled into the deep hole, the energy belts that surrounded them completely converged. The entire energy passageway became solid.

Chapter 3164
The changes in the energy channel were not only reflected internally, but also externally.
Chou Xue was the last to leave the energy vortex and enter the 14th Layer of Heaven.
When he left from the exit, the entire energy vortex was still calm, but as soon as he set foot in the Desire Realm, the energy vortex suddenly changed. The energy belt that formed the vortex kept rolling up, blocking the exit of the vortex.
"This is …" Chou Xue took a breath.
After Feng Ge became a Pure One, Chou Xue also learned about the relevant information.
As the Lord of a Layer of Heaven, a Pure One should not be able to leave that Layer of Heaven.
He also had some doubts in his heart about whether Feng Ge could cross the Desire Realm and what kind of trouble he would encounter …
But Chou Xue did not expect that the trouble would be so great. If the energy vortex was closed, it meant that it was impossible for the two to pass through it.
"What's going on? The channel is closed? "
"Our disciples should have all come over, right?"
"It should be about time. That was close. Fortunately, everyone came first …"
Most of the disciples of the Heavenly Palace did not think of the identity of a "Pure One" and only thought that the energy vortex had changed.
"It seems that there are still people missing …" someone suddenly said.
"Yes, it's His Highness Feng Ge. His Highness Feng Ge should be the last to come, but he is different from us!"
"Is it because he has a physical form?"
Many disciples of the Heavenly Palace thought of it and whispered for a while.
"Feng Ge, Luo Zheng …"
Ling Shuang's heart suddenly jumped.
Almost without any hesitation, she dispersed her Sun Soul in an instant.
In her own secret cultivation room, Ling Shuang suddenly opened her eyes, her face full of worry.
Ling Shuang did not care about Feng Ge's life or death. She was naturally worried about Luo Zheng.
"Ka …"
After opening the door of the secret cultivation room, she rushed to Luo Zheng's No.1 secret cultivation room on the far right, her face full of anxiety.
"Your Highness Ling Shuang, what's the matter that makes you so anxious?"
Several elders of the Land of Sword Grief saw Ling Shuang in such a hurry and surrounded her with polite smiles on their faces.
Ling Shuang looked at the door of the training room and said anxiously, "Can the door of the training room be opened?"
There was a kind of fear in her heart. She was afraid that she would see Luo Zheng's corpse when she opened the secret room.
"This …"
The old men looked at each other, and one of them said, "The training room is a private place. Normally, no one is allowed to disturb it. If the person inside doesn't want to open it, then outside …"
How could Ling Shuang be in the mood to listen to their nonsense? He hurriedly asked, "Can you destroy it?"
"We can destroy it, but …" One of them hesitated.
This Luo Zheng had already become famous in the Land of Sword Grief on the first day. Most people didn't dare to provoke him. Forcefully breaking into his secret training room was probably unwise.
"I will bear the consequences," Ling Shuang said.
"Alright." That person smiled faintly. Since Princess Ling Shuang was willing to bear the consequences, he did not mind tearing down the door of the Number One Secret Cultivation Room.
Then, he stretched out his hand, and the power of the Paramita gathered in his palm.
After the power of more than a thousand Godly Jun burst out, he pushed the door of the secret cultivation room slightly, and the entire door collapsed inwards.
"Whoosh!"
Ling Shuang rushed into the secret cultivation room and said, "Don't come in!"
These old men had strange expressions on their faces, but they also had guesses in their hearts.
"Did that brat Luo Zheng die in the Paramita Realm?"
"It's also possible. Today, they are going to cross the Color Realm and enter the Desire Realm."
"That's impossible, right? That brat is so powerful. How can he not even cross the Desire Realm? "
Although the energy vortex was dangerous, most people could successfully cross it. The difficulty wasn't very high.
After Ling Shuang rushed into the secret cultivation room, she saw Luo Zheng sitting cross-legged. There was a faint golden light flickering on the surface of his body. She quickly approached Luo Zheng and gently pressed her hand between his eyebrows. After sensing the fluctuation of Luo Zheng's soul aura, she heaved a deep sigh of relief.
…
…
In the vortex, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were advancing in a very strange way.
Luo Zheng had gradually figured out the rules of these energy belts.
The whole vortex was composed of these energy belts. However, the energy belts were divided into two layers. The outermost layer was in a free state and could be easily disturbed. Then, it would sweep up and attack anyone who passed by.
The inner layer of the energy belt was very stable. The stable energy belt formed the inner wall of the passage.
When Feng Ge approached the outer layer of the energy belt, those unstable energy belts seemed to have received some kind of command and attacked her crazily, determined to kill her.
This should be because Feng Ge violated the rules of the Pure Witches. That was why she was attacked by them.
The inner layer of the energy belt was relatively stable. Even if Feng Ge approached, they would just keep rolling up, but would not attack. Only when Luo Zheng attacked them with the Tao of the Divine Dao, would they choose to fight back.
After grasping the rules of their operation, Luo Zheng became more and more relaxed.
He would target a certain direction and lead those energy belts to counterattack. When the energy belts were swept up, this huge hole would be pushed forward.
Feng Ge looked at the energy belts above, below and several meters behind her. A strange feeling arose in her heart.
Under such conditions, not only did the two survive, they were even able to advance bit by bit …
She felt speechless. At the same time, a gratified look appeared in her eyes.
"I wonder if we can dig to the Desire Realm if we continue digging like this." Feng Ge muttered.
Luo Zheng focused on releasing lightning as he said: "The direction should be right. But it's hard to say if we can dig to the other side. Lower your head!"
Luo Zheng suddenly warned.
Feng Ge lowered her head. Luo Zheng turned his body, causing an energy belt to sweep across his right arm.
"Shua …"
A bloody wound appeared on Luo Zheng's right arm. At the same time, the light spots formed by the Chaotic Origin Spirit within Luo Zheng's fleshy body were extinguished. Luo Zheng entered a fatigued state.
The Sealing Stone Solution could not be brought into the Paramita Realm. But the Chaotic Origin Spirit was originally born in the Paramita Realm.
Since Luo Zheng's fleshy body had entered the Paramita Realm, the Chaotic Origin Spirit could naturally unleash its effects.
"This energy is so powerful …" Luo Zheng revealed a startled expression.
He originally thought that he could rely on the Chaotic Origin Spirit to resist against an energy belt. But when this energy belt swept across his arm, it exceeded the upper limit of what the Chaotic Origin Spirit could withstand!
In the following journey, Luo Zheng became even more careful.
Every time he attacked, he would try his best to only draw out a single energy belt. Just like peeling silk from a cocoon, he would pull these energy belts to the back. Naturally, his speed would be much slower.

Chapter 3165
When the two of them saw the metal plate, they were both slightly surprised.
"What is this metal plate?" Feng Ge asked, blinking his eyes.
Luo Zheng sized it up and said, "Let's go closer."
The lightning wings on his back flapped lightly, and the two of them were already very close to the metal plate. Luo Zheng reached out and touched the metal plate. A trace of coldness came from his fingers.
Feng Ge also touched it curiously and said, "I wonder what this metal plate is made of. It's actually not corroded by this energy."
Luo Zheng thought for a while. Then, power surged out from his inner world and slammed hard against the metal plate.
"Bang!"
With a muffled sound, the metal plate didn't move at all. It was obvious how sturdy it was.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
No matter what this metal plate was made of, they couldn't move it away. The most important thing now was to pass through this energy vortex. The metal plate lying across here naturally became an obstacle.
"Let's go up." Luo Zheng looked up and sized up the metal plate.
"Crackle!"
Another bolt of lightning blasted upwards, and another energy belt was drawn down by Luo Zheng.
The two of them walked up along the metal plate. After walking for more than twenty zhang, they still couldn't cross this metal plate. The surface area of this metal plate was much larger than Luo Zheng had imagined.
Feng Ge's eyes flashed. He said, "Let's go to the left!"
"Okay." Luo Zheng nodded.
They moved to the left again. This time, after only two or three zhang, they really reached the end of the left side. The metal plate formed a right angle on the left side.
When Luo Zheng saw this right angle, his eyes lit up. "This isn't a metal plate! I'm afraid it's a … "
"A house?" Feng Ge's eyes also revealed a strange light.
The two of them came to the same conclusion.
Who would have thought that there was an iron house in this energy vortex?
Driven by curiosity, Luo Zheng moved forward from this right angle. Along the way, they were still on a smooth metal plate. But after walking for more than ten zhang, they finally saw a small door.
The door was only two feet wide, about the same size as the dog hole. There was a circle of extremely complicated Sanskrit engraved on the door.
With the strength of the iron plate, it was impossible to open the door with brute force.
Luo Zheng gently pressed on the Sanskrit characters, and one of them lit up. Feng Ge thought it was fun, so he pressed on the Sanskrit characters as well. Every time he pressed a Sanskrit character, a Sanskrit character would light up. However, after pressing a few more, all the Sanskrit characters flashed red, and all the lights were extinguished.
"It should be done in order." Feng Ge blinked and said, "Unfortunately, it's hard to guess the order …"
"Since it's engraved in Sanskrit, it may be more convenient if we know the meaning of it," Luo Zheng said.
Feng Ge raised her eyebrows. She remembered that Luo Zheng seemed to be an expert in deciphering Sanskrit. Otherwise, how could he decipher the True Comprehension Chapter?
However, what Feng Ge didn't know was that it wasn't Luo Zheng who deciphered the Sanskrit characters, but Luo Nian in the inner world.
The Green Jade Spirit had been hiding in Luo Zheng's inner world all this time and didn't observe the movements of the outside world. When Luo Zheng called the Green Jade Spirit, he was stunned when he saw this scene. "Luo Zheng, where is this?"
"Go to the energy vortex of the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven," Luo Zheng said.
"…"
The entire Green Jade Civilization was withdrawn from the Desire Realm, so the Green Jade Spirit certainly knew about this vortex.
"What's going on with this iron house? How can it withstand the erosion of the energy vortex … "The Green Jade Spirit stared at the iron door and said in shock.
"I don't know. I want to go in and take a look. Ask Luo Nian to help decipher these Sanskrit characters," Luo Zheng said.
The Green Jade Spirit was also very interested in this iron house. Naturally, it didn't want to let go of this opportunity.
After waiting for the time it takes to burn a stick of incense, the Green Jade Spirit passed on the message that Luo Nian had deciphered. "Your son said to press the third one from the left, then the sixth one from the right, and the last one …"
As the Green Jade Spirit spoke, Luo Zheng reached out and pressed the Sanskrit characters on the door one by one.
Every time he pressed a Sanskrit character, the Sanskrit character lit up and emitted a bright light.
This time, after Luo Zheng pressed twelve times in a row, a circle of Sanskrit characters began to emit a green light.
"Buzz …"
As the green light flashed on the door, a "click" sound came from the door. This door, which was the size of a dog hole, actually opened!
"It opened!"
Seeing this scene, Feng Ge's face showed a hint of joy.
"Go in and take a look!" The Green Jade Spirit urged.
After Luo Zheng opened the small door, he first supported Feng Ge's body and slowly pushed her whole body in. Then he went in.
This door was not big, obviously not designed for the size of a human's body.
After barely squeezing in, Luo Zheng looked up and sized up the space inside. It was not small, and he and Feng Ge could both stand upright in it.
After looking at it for a while, the two's pupils shrank slightly.
The space inside was divided into two halves by light and darkness. The side near the door was empty, and the other side was pitch-black. They could not see what was in the darkness.
"That half of the space is the Dark Domain?" Luo Zheng stared at the darkness and said.
"It should be." Feng Ge nodded. As a Pure One, she was very sensitive to the Dark Domain.
The two cautiously approached the darkness on the other side. The moment they approached, an ear-piercing scream came from the darkness.
This scream was extremely mournful. When it reached Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's ears, it was like countless needles piercing their souls.
Under the severe pain, Feng Ge's face showed a trace of anger. She suddenly raised her jade hand. "Great Brahma Infinite Light!"
"Swoosh!"
A blinding snow-white light shot out into the darkness.
At this moment, Luo Zheng could clearly see a row of iron cages hanging on the wall in the darkness. The iron cages seemed to contain strange monsters.
The monster in the iron cage right in front of them had the head of an owl and the body of a leopard. Its body was covered with more than a dozen thorny tentacles. While the monster was still shrieking, it was enveloped in the Infinite Heavenly Light of Brahma. Under the snow-white light, its body began to rapidly disintegrate. First its skin and fur, then its flesh and blood, and finally its bones …
Feng Ge didn't hold back at all. Only after he had eliminated all of them did the snow-white light stop shining.
Her chest heaved up and down, and it took her a while to calm down. She was obviously frightened.
"What the hell is this iron cage …" Luo Zheng looked at the darkness and frowned slightly.
"No matter what the hell it is, let's kill all the monsters in the cages first," Feng Ge said coldly.

Chapter 3166
Feng Ge didn't want to see these repulsive monsters.
There was more than one cage on the wall. As the ball of light exploded from her fingertip, another blazing white light shot forward and illuminated the inside of another cage.
The second cage contained something that looked like a snake but wasn't a snake. The snake had a terrifying face on its head.
When the light shone on it, the strange snake scuttled around in the cage, making strange hissing noises. In the end, it couldn't escape the illumination of the white light and was completely eliminated.
When the monsters in the other cages saw what happened to these two monsters, they also jumped up and down in their cages.
They had been locked here for a long time, but it was better to live than to die. In the end, they didn't want to be completely eliminated by the light …
For a moment, all kinds of strange cries came from the cages.
Feng Ge didn't have the slightest bit of mercy. The light in her hand flickered, and she was about to kill the monsters in the cages one by one.
At that moment, Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed Feng Ge, stopping her.
"Don't kill them yet," Luo Zheng said.
"But they …" Feng Ge said with a frown.
"Just now, it was only the first monster that attacked us. The other monsters didn't attack us. Moreover, they are all locked in cages," Luo Zheng said seriously.
These monsters weren't all malicious towards them. Besides, if they wanted to understand this iron house, they probably had to start with these monsters.
Under Luo Zheng's persuasion, Feng Ge chose to stop.
With her personality, she would never be soft-hearted, nor would she listen to others' persuasion.
However, Luo Zheng's words were extremely effective. She revealed an obedient smile and asked, "Then what do we do next?"
"Let's go in and take a look," Luo Zheng said.
He didn't know if these monsters had intelligence. It would be best if they could communicate with them.
Feng Ge once again released two rays of light. After enveloping the two of them, she stepped straight into the darkness.
Due to the characteristics of the Dark Domain, even if one was close, they couldn't see each other clearly. Even if Luo Zheng approached one of the cages, he still couldn't see the situation inside.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng suddenly said, "Take out the Fruit of Darkness."
Luo Zheng's body couldn't have a Sumeru Space. When he left the Dark Domain last time, those candles and the Fruit of Darkness were in Feng Ge's hands.
Feng Ge took out two Fruits of Darkness and swallowed one each. The darkness in front of them gradually faded away. Although the surroundings were still dark, Luo Zheng could clearly see the existence in the darkness without the help of Feng Ge's light.
In the iron cage in front of Luo Zheng was a palm-sized lizard monster. The lizard monster was curled up in a corner of the cage, shivering.
Luo Zheng tried to communicate with this lizard monster, but this little thing clearly didn't know what was going on and didn't respond at all.
He gave up and walked to the next cage.
The monster in the next cage was even stranger. It looked like a purple cube, and its body was sticky. It stayed motionless in the middle of the cage.
When Luo Zheng approached, this "cube" suddenly shook. The two round eyes in the middle stared at Luo Zheng.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng asked, "Can you … speak?"
Of course, he didn't expect this "cube" to speak human language, but he hoped that it could give an intelligent response.
But in the next moment, the cube's action was beyond Luo Zheng's expectations.
This sticky cube suddenly seemed to dissolve, and gradually turned into a pool of sticky liquid. This pool of sticky liquid kept rising, and finally took the shape of a person. Nose, eyes, mouth, body …
Soon, a person that looked exactly like Luo Zheng appeared in the cage.
"This thing can take the shape of a person …" Feng Ge looked at Luo Zheng in the cage with a strange expression.
"Cough, cough, cough …"
The thing in the cage suddenly coughed a few times and breathed a few times. After adapting to its newly changed body, it finally said, "I, I can transform into any creature …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly jumped. "You understand human language?"
"Of course." After that thing adapted to its new body, its language immediately became extremely fluent and natural. It sounded no different from an ordinary human. "This is the innate ability of us Shapeshifting Magic Blocks. We can imitate the language of countless races, including the human race."
"It's good that you can communicate. Tell us, where is this place?" Feng Ge stared at the iron cage and asked. His fingertips began to flicker with white light again, and a threatening aura overflowed from his face.
The "Luo Zheng" in the cage was obviously instinctively afraid of the Immeasurable Heavenly Light. He subconsciously stepped back and said with a fearful expression, "I'm just a pet. Don't kill me!"
Luo Zheng stopped Feng Ge again. After shaking his head at Feng Ge, he said, "We mistakenly entered this place. I wonder if you can tell us where this is?"
The "Luo Zheng" in the cage breathed a sigh of relief and replied, "You'd better leave quickly. This is Michen Tianshu. My master may come back at any time. Although I don't know how you came in, you will definitely die if you are discovered by my master!"
"Michen Tianshu?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. "How long has your master been away?"
The "Luo Zheng" said seriously, "It's been tens of thousands of years …"
According to a human's one year, tens of thousands of years was a very short period of time for the creatures of the Nirvana Realm who could easily cross several chaotic eras.
However, the master of this place had not returned for tens of thousands of years. He couldn't possibly return now, right?
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was not in a hurry. He continued to ask, "What is this Michen Tianshu? Who is your master? "
The "Luo Zheng" in the cage showed hesitation on his face. This thing seemed to be very timid, especially after seeing the creatures of the dark realm in the previous cages die under the light. He was full of fear for the two humans in front of him, especially Feng Ge who was next to Luo Zheng.
"Speak quickly," Feng Ge said bluntly.
The "Luo Zheng" looked at the light in Feng Ge's hand and said, "This Michen Tianshu is the construction of this passage to the Desire Realm. My master is just a guard. He has been guarding this place for many, many years. It's just that in the past tens of thousands of years, he often goes out.
I don't know either … "
The monsters in this iron cage were just pets of the "master" to relieve his boredom. Naturally, they did not know much.
However, Luo Zheng still obtained an important piece of information from his words. The passage to the Desire Realm was not naturally produced, but was built by this iron house!

Chapter 3167
While Luo Zheng was thinking, Feng Ge said directly, "Aren't you able to transform? Why don't you transform into your master's appearance? "
"Right …" Luo Zheng patted his head and was speechless. This monster called the "Shapeshifting Magic Block" should be able to transform into its master's appearance.
The "Luo Zheng" in the cage hesitated. It seemed to be extremely afraid of its master.
"Transform quickly!" Feng Ge said impatiently.
She was interested in this iron house, but unlike Luo Zheng and the Green Jade Spirit, Feng Ge did not like to explore. The reason why she was patiently waiting here was entirely because of Luo Zheng.
"Buzz …"
The ball of light in Feng Ge's hand jumped. The ball of light was a gentle light to Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, but it was extremely dangerous to the Shapeshifting Magic Block.
"I … transform, I can transform!"
The Shapeshifting Magic Block nodded. Its body, which was originally identical to Luo Zheng's, began to soften. Its whole body became sticky, and finally turned into a round ball.
This ball was translucent, and there were traces of flames lingering inside. It had no eyes, ears, mouth, or nose. It was just a ball …
"This is what your master looks like?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Yes, this is what my master looks like," the Shapeshifting Magic Block replied.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge naturally had not seen it before, but the Green Jade Spirit, who had been secretly spying, said, "This … is the Elemental Spirit Civilization."
"Elemental Spirit Civilization?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
The Green Jade Spirit had explained to Luo Zheng that the Instant Civilization was the first civilization, and it was also the civilization that created the entire chaos.
However, it was not certain whether this civilization had been proven to "exist." Therefore, the true civilization was the second Elemental Spirit Civilization. The last trace of the fusion energy should also be in the hands of the Elemental Spirit Civilization.
"There are five major branches of the Elemental Spirit Civilization. They are the spirits of the five elements," the Green Jade Spirit said. "The Elemental Spirit created by the Shapeshifting Magic Block is a Fire Elemental Spirit. Therefore, there is a trace of flame flickering in the ball," the Green Jade Spirit continued.
Even when the Green Jade Civilization was at its strongest, it was unable to fight against this civilization. In the Nirvana Realm, the Elemental Spirit Civilization was an absolute giant.
Furthermore, as the second civilization, they had a convenient first-mover advantage.
The first civilization born naturally in the Chaos …
The first civilization to enter the other side …
The first civilization to become a Primal Chaos Elder God …
With so many firsts and the ability to cover up some truths over a long period of time, it would be difficult for such a civilization not to be powerful!
"This energy vortex that connects the Color Realm and the Desire Realm is already very old. For countless years, the creatures of any civilization have been carefully shuttling through it, not daring to touch it in the slightest. I didn't expect the Elemental Spirit Civilization to have been guarding it all this time …" The Green Jade Spirit sighed.
Under such a watch, they could let whoever they wanted pass …
As for the method of entering the iron house, the subsequent civilizations had no way of knowing.
If it were not for the fact that Feng Ge was a Pure Witch, which triggered the counterattack of the entire energy vortex, and Luo Zheng accidentally led her to this iron house, how could she have found it? Even if she had found it, she was afraid that she would not have been able to enter at all. After all, the Sanskrit at the door could not be deciphered. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng had the heaven-defying Luo Nian in his Inner World!
All kinds of freak combination of factors allowed Luo Zheng to break in.
Under the Green Jade Spirit's induction, Luo Zheng also straightened out his thoughts. This should be the case.
He blinked and continued to ask the Shapeshifting Magic Block, "Since your master is the guardian of this iron house, can she control this energy vortex?"
"I …"
The Shapeshifting Devil Block obviously didn't dare to reveal too much, but Feng Ge actually tossed the ball of light in her hand up and down. This ball of light was like a marble, going up and down. Her control over the Boundless Brahma Heavenly Light was increasing.
"Crash …"
The Shapeshifting Magic Block quickly returned to its original shape and said honestly, "Master can indeed control this energy vortex. Every once in a while, it will close the passage. There was once when it was closed for a long time …"
"It's telling the truth. This energy vortex has been closed many times, but it opened very quickly. It is said that in the 750th chaos era, this energy passage was closed for three eras. For some unknown reason, it opened again inexplicably," the Green Jade Spirit said in Luo Zheng's mind.
"Where is your master controlling it?" Luo Zheng asked.
Other than the cage hanging on the wall, there was almost nothing else in the iron house.
"Above," the Shapeshifting Magic Block continued to answer.
It pointed to a corner of the wall. Luo Zheng looked over and found that in the dark corner, there were more than a dozen Sanskrit words inscribed.
"Master can only go up after activating those Sanskrit words. I have not been up there, and most likely you can't go up there either …"
The Shapeshifting Magic Block was proficient in hundreds of languages and could change into thousands of forms, but it had no ability to decipher these Sanskrit words.
"Is that so?"
Luo Zheng's lips curled up. He walked to the corner of the wall and stood in front of the Sanskrit words.
"What is that human doing?" the Shapeshifting Magic Block asked.
"Deciphering the Sanskrit words," Feng Ge shrugged.
"How is that possible? How could Sanskrit be so easy to decipher …" The Shapeshifting Magic Block shook its body, not believing Feng Ge's words.
"Don't forget how we came in," Feng Ge said coldly.
The Shapeshifting Magic Block had not left this iron house for countless years. It had forgotten that there were still Sanskrit words outside the iron house. If it did not decipher those Sanskrit words, it would be impossible to open the door!
"You can really decipher them so easily …" While the Shapeshifting Magic Block was still in disbelief, Luo Zheng had already reached out and pressed down on the Sanskrit words.
"Buzz buzz buzz buzz …"
Every time Luo Zheng pressed a button, a Sanskrit character would glow. After pressing it more than ten times, all the Sanskrit characters shone with a faint green light in the darkness. Then, there was a "ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-
"It's real …"
The Shapeshifting Magic Block did not know what to say for a moment.
After it had been locked up here, this was the first time it had seen someone break into this place. It did not expect this person to be so capable.
An existence that could decipher Sanskrit words at will?
The Shapeshifting Magic Block had never heard of such a thing!
Feng Ge saw the staircase descending and followed it.
Just as Luo Zheng stepped on the staircase, he suddenly frowned, turned his head, and stared at the Shapeshifting Magic Block.
"Luo Zheng, what's wrong?" Feng Ge asked.
She was worried that the Shapeshifting Magic Block had lied and set up a trap to harm her and Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng walked quickly to the iron cage and asked, "Have you … seen a human before?"
The Shapeshifting Magic Block was different from other Nirvana Realm creatures. It could imitate many races. This was the first time this thing had transformed into Luo Zheng's appearance. Regardless of appearance, movement, language, or voice, they were all perfect. It was definitely not the first time it had transformed into a human!

Chapter 3168
The Shapeshifting Devil Block probably felt that it had no room to bargain, so it didn't hide anything.
Genryū especially liked to treat the Shapeshifting Devil Block as a pet.
The reason was that Genryū didn't have a stable form.
In fact, with the strength of the elemental spirit civilization, it was easy for them to fix a certain form.
However, once a civilization was born, its own consciousness couldn't be changed. Therefore, it was envious of the brilliant civilization forms that came after it, while stubbornly maintaining its original form.
Therefore, Genryū's people had a hobby of collecting pets and detaining slaves.
Those extremely powerful Genryū were qualified to detain any race as slaves and keep them as their pets.
However, the Genryū in the Nirvana Realm wasn't just powerful. Those weak Genryū couldn't collect enough slaves.
The simplest method was to keep the Shapeshifting Devil Block in captivity.
After it was trained, it could transform into almost any race it needed …
"Before I was sold to Master, I was imprisoned in a temple in the 25th Layer of Heaven like the other Shapeshifting Devil Blocks. Many civilizations were imprisoned in that temple, and among them were two humans, a man and a woman," the Shapeshifting Devil Block said.
In the hands of the Elemental Spirit Clan, the Shapeshifting Magic Block was traded like a commodity. However, in order to become a qualified "commodity," one must first learn how to shapeshift, and the many creatures imprisoned in the temple were the objects of their learning.
"The 25th Layer of Heaven?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"It's Xiao Dutian," Feng Ge said from the side.
Luo Zheng nodded. Xiao Dutian was still in the Desire Realm, which meant that there were humans in the Desire Realm.
"How long ago was it?" Luo Zheng asked again.
If it was in the current Chaos Era, the value of this information wasn't great.
In ancient times, humans had entered the Nirvana Realm in their physical form. At that time, it wasn't difficult for Genryū to capture the humans of Jiuli and Mount Li. That had nothing to do with the humans of the Nirvana Realm.
"I don't remember. It should be at least ten Chaos Eras …" the Shapeshifting Devil Block replied.
Ten Chaos Eras …
That had nothing to do with the human race that was born in this civilization. What it saw was indeed the human race from the Nirvana Realm.
"What's the name of that temple?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"That's a temple belonging to Genryū. It was built by the Fire Element, and it's called the Dark Flame Temple," the Shapeshifting Devil Block explained.
After memorizing the information, Luo Zheng turned around and climbed up the metal stairs. Feng Ge silently followed Luo Zheng.
When they climbed the stairs to the upper level of the iron house, both of their faces revealed a trace of surprise.
Compared to the four bare walls of the lower floor, the upper floor of the iron building was a completely different world!
Not far from the entrance of the stairs, there was a large vat. Although this vat was tightly covered, even from a distance, the two of them could clearly feel the rich soul aura emitting from it. Moreover, the aura was very pure, without any messy thoughts mixed in.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge exchanged glances with each other, "Soul crystal!"
Luo Zheng strode to the front of the large vat and opened the lid.
Pure Soul Crystals filled up the entire vat!
"Heavens! So many! "
Even though Feng Ge was very good at suppressing his emotions, he still screamed when he saw the vat of soul crystals.
Luo Zheng also sucked in a breath of cold air …
According to the Shapeshifting Devil Block, the Elemental Spirit Race that raised the Shapeshifting Devil Block generally didn't have a particularly high status in the Elemental Spirit Civilization. Just this guard alone could obtain so many resources?
While Feng Ge was still in a daze at this vat of soul crystals, Luo Zheng had already collected his thoughts and walked into the house.
Next to the vat was an iron table. Two rows of Sanskrit were engraved on both sides of the table.
Different from the dim Sanskrit from before, these Sanskrit characters were continuously emitting a red glow.
In the middle of the two rows of Sanskrit characters, there was a depression. An oddly shaped metal token was inlaid in the depression.
Luo Zheng reached out and tried to pull this metal token out. He exerted a little force, but it didn't budge at all. He continued to increase his strength, but the metal token seemed to have become one with the iron table. He couldn't pull it out at all …
After thinking for a while, he could only ask Luo Nian for help again.
Luo Nian soon told him through the green jade spirit that there were two orders for these Sanskrit characters. One was to take it out, and the other was to open it.
"It's easy to understand what it means to take it out, but what does it mean to open it?"
Luo Zheng pressed these Sanskrit characters according to Luo Nian's instructions. When the two rows of red Sanskrit characters emitted a green glow, he indeed picked up the token from the iron table with ease.
But out of curiosity, he put the metal token back on the iron table and pressed the Sanskrit characters in another order.
This time, the Sanskrit characters didn't emit a green glow. Instead, they emitted a multicolored glow like the energy vortex outside!
At the same time …
In the middle of the room on the upper floor, a multicolored glow began to emit. Soon, a small energy vortex appeared in front of Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
"This energy vortex..."
Seeing this thing, Feng Ge raised his eyebrows.
"Don't be afraid, it's just a virtual image," Luo Zheng comforted. This energy vortex didn't have a trace of energy aura.
Although it was a virtual image, the energy vortex in front of them should be synchronized with the big vortex outside. Now, the channels at both ends of the vortex were in a closed state. This was the same as what Luo Zheng and Feng Ge had encountered before.
"Watchman..."
"Open..."
"Control..."
The information revealed by the Shapeshifting Magic Block and Luo Nian converged in Luo Zheng's mind. As his thoughts flashed, he stretched out his hand toward this vortex. It was as soft as cotton.
Just as Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and gently pulled down, the center of the small energy vortex distorted.
And the center of the real energy vortex outside began to distort from the middle...
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and rolled up the slender vortex from both ends.
At the same time, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace who were still waiting on the stone platform of the Desire World suddenly screamed.
"The energy vortex is changing again!"
"Not only is the channel closed, but it's also completely rolled up. What the hell is going on?"
"It's still changing shape. This, this, this energy vortex has turned into the shape of a person? Did I see wrongly? "
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace were completely unable to understand the scene in front of them.
Ling Shuang also stared blankly at the energy vortex. Although she was sure that Luo Zheng was still alive, she didn't see Luo Zheng reach the Desire World. Her heart was still hanging in suspense. After all, he was still trapped inside!

Chapter 3169
This energy vortex was constantly changing shape in Luo Zheng's hand. Please search for the most complete information! Yes.
According to the information provided by Luo Nian and the Shapeshifting Magic Block, the guardian should be controlling this energy vortex at will.
However, this was just a guess after all. Inside the iron house, Luo Zheng could not observe the movements of the outside world.
Feng Ge looked at Luo Zheng kneading the virtual image of the energy vortex. It was still a little good. Luo Zheng ordered, "Go to the door and see if those energy belts have retreated."
Feng Ge nodded and went down the stairs to the entrance of the iron house.
She looked out of the entrance, and her pupils revealed a trace of surprise.
The iron house was originally surrounded by energy belts, but now those energy belts were far away, completely peeled away from the iron house.
After returning to the Upper Layer, she nodded to Luo Zheng, "Those energy belts have gone away."
Luo Zheng looked as if he had already expected this, and then pointed to the energy vortex in his hand, "The iron house is located at this position of the energy vortex, and we are now out of the energy vortex."
"In that case, can we directly step into the Desire Realm?" Feng Ge asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head, "I don't think so."
The other side seemed to be a complicated multi-layered space. The Desire Realm and the Color Realm should not be in the same space. The role of the energy vortex was to serve as a passage connecting the two realms.
If they wanted to enter the Desire Realm, they could only drill through the interior of the energy vortex.
"Then what should we do?" Feng Ge asked, blinking.
In fact, with Feng Ge's intelligence, she could also figure it out, but after being around Luo Zheng, she didn't seem to want to use her brain.
"Since you can control this energy vortex, it's simple," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
He reached out and grabbed the virtual image of the energy vortex again. Under gentle fiddling, the energy vortex was elongated, and the passage between it was expanded by Luo Zheng.
Within the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven. The disciples of the Heavenly Palace saw the energy vortex twisting several times before returning to its original state. However, the restored energy passage was still twisting. The energy vortex was constantly stretching, extending downward toward the Desire Realm. The small passage in the center was very wide, like a staircase.
It extended downwards!
"What happened to this energy vortex?"
"Given how spacious it is, it should be easy to pass through …"
"Is it because of His Highness Feng Ge?"
"Impossible!"
Many disciples of the Heavenly Palace were still at a loss as they watched the changes in the energy vortex.
They might have guessed that His Highness Feng Ge had discovered some incredible secret in the energy whirlpool, or even gained control of the entire energy whirlpool. However, such a hypothesis was not self-consistent.
This mass of energy floated between the 13th and 14th Heavens, and had a long history.
As for the origin of this powerful energy, history had never explored it. Only a portion of people guessed that this energy vortex was the foundation for the construction of the Nirvana Realm.
Controlling a ball of pure energy? This was something that was simply impossible to achieve.
Among all the disciples of the Heavenly Palace, Lingshuang was probably the only one who believed that it was possible.
After all, she and Luo Zheng had been traveling all the way to the Nirvana Realm. She had seen Luo Zheng make too many impossible things possible.
However, on second thought, Ling Shuang realized that this situation was probably done by Luo Zheng and Feng Ge together. For some reason, she felt very unhappy.
"Highness Ling Shuang, what's wrong?"
Chou Xue, who was next to her, felt the emotions released by Ling Shuang's Yang Soul and asked in surprise.
After all, such a change in the energy vortex meant that the possibility of Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's survival was very high. She should be happy.
"It's nothing," Ling Shuang replied stiffly.
After all, Chou Xue was well-versed in the ways of the world. Thinking of the various performances of the two women when they were with Luo Zheng, she already had an answer in her heart.
The two beauties of the Heavenly Palace each had an extraordinary background. It would be difficult for Luo Zheng to deal with them in the future …
… …
In the Iron House, Feng Ge stood in front of the large vat.
The energy crystals in the vat spiraled up, turning into a sparkling thin line that was absorbed by her sumeru ring.
The amount of energy crystals in this large vat was not small. Even if all the treasures of the Greater One Heavenly Palace in the 4th Heavens were added together, it was probably less than one-third of this vat.
Although Feng Ge and Luo Zheng's Yang Soul had already entered Indigo, the pressure in the Desire Realm would be greater, and the requirements for the Yang Soul would be higher.
Things like Soul Crystals were always lacking, so she naturally wouldn't leave a single drop behind.
Luo Zheng fumbled around the room.
Next to the iron case, there were two unlocked boxes.
Luo Zheng unceremoniously opened them one by one. One of the boxes was empty, and it was pitch black inside. The other box was opened again, and there were rows of black jades inside.
Luo Zheng reached out and took out one of the jades. When he held it in his hand, he suddenly felt a burst of coldness.
"What is this!"
The black jades exuded a unique aura, but did not contain Nirvana Energy. He remembered that 9527 had said that these things that did not contain Nirvana Energy should not be underestimated. They must have a special use. Luo Zheng was naturally interested.
"This is Body Refining Jade," the Spirit of Green Jade quickly gave the answer.
"Body Refining Jade? What's the use of this? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"It is used to refine the body. It is similar to Soul Crystals. After refining it, it can strengthen the fleshy body. But …" The Spirit of Green Jade pondered for a moment before saying, "This item might not be useful to you."
Cultivators could cultivate their fleshy body after entering the Nirvana Realm. Other than cultivating slowly in the Nirvana Realm, there were also some shortcuts. By refining the body with the Body Refining Jade, one could achieve twice the results with half the effort and rapidly strengthen the fleshy body.
This was also the Righteous Dao that Desolate Gods cultivated!
During that era, there was no need for any Spirit of Chaotic Origin.
It's a pity that the True Meaning of Strength Sacred Body had been banned. Even the Body Refining Jade had become rare. Many superpowers would choose to sell the Body Refining Jade at a low price. Now, the status of this item was far inferior to Soul Crystals.
"Since it can strengthen the fleshy body, why is it useless to me?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"You didn't rely on the True Meaning of Strength Sacred Body to enter the Nirvana Realm. You shouldn't be able to use this item. But you can give it a try," the Spirit of Green Jade suggested.
Luo Zheng relied on the unique True Meaning of Dao to enter the Nirvana Realm. His fleshy body could no longer be seen as a true fleshy body. It was completely an alien body forged by the Good Fortune Body Refining Technique. Hence, the Spirit of Green Jade determined that the Body Refining Jade could not be used on Luo Zheng.
Regardless of whether this item could be used or not, Luo Zheng would still accept it. After scooping up the Body Refining Jade from the bottom of the metal box, he stuffed all of them into Feng Ge's Sumeru Ring.
He scoured the metal box once. Before he left, his gaze landed on the metal token embedded on the metal case. Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He extended his hand and lit up the token before taking it out.

Chapter 3170
This metal token was used to control the energy whirlpool.
Before Luo Zheng took out the metal token, the Sanskrit characters around the token emitted a red light.
According to his judgment, this red light was probably related to Feng Ge's identity as a "Pure Witch." When it detected a Pure Witch crossing the energy whirlpool, it would cause the energy whirlpool to have a violent reaction, thus killing the Pure Witch in the energy whirlpool.
Even if Luo Zheng had now expanded the energy whirlpool channel to an extremely large size, once he left the iron house and entered the channel, he was afraid that he would be attacked by the energy whirlpool again.
Because of this consideration, Luo Zheng naturally picked it up and took it away.
When he reached the lower level of the iron house, Luo Zheng was ready to cross the darkness and leave the iron house.
"Wait." Feng Ge stopped in her tracks.
"What's wrong?" Luo Zheng looked back, puzzled.
Feng Ge's eyes flashed with a cold light, and the depths of the light revealed a faint killing intent, "The Elemental Spirit civilization is so powerful that we can't afford to provoke them. We have taken so many things, they will certainly not let us go."
As she spoke, the light converged at her fingertips.
The other monsters in the iron cages felt Feng Ge's killing intent and became restless.
The Shapeshifting Devil Block said, "Don't kill us! Don't kill us! I've said what I should say … "
Feng Ge had no intention of stopping at all. She would not show mercy to these monsters.
Just as the blazing white light shone in the darkness, Luo Zheng once again reached out and pinched Feng Ge's arm, "Forget it."
Feng Ge stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated look in her eyes, "Don't blame me for being cold-blooded. You know the consequences of letting them go."
She knew that Luo Zheng had a trace of compassion in his heart. In this situation, she could only do it herself. She didn't expect Luo Zheng to stop her.
"I won't say anything, I won't say anything!" The Shapeshifting Devil Block screamed. It turned into the appearance of a human woman, sitting on the ground with a pitiful look.
Luo Zheng sighed. Even if it didn't say anything, their masters had various means to obtain memories from their souls.
So Luo Zheng asked, "You've been trapped here for so long. Have you ever thought of escaping?"
"Get out?" The Shapeshifting Demon Block looked at the cage and said helplessly, "We can't leave the darkness."
Half of the iron house was shrouded in darkness, which was equivalent to a Dark Domain. The Shapeshifting Fiend and the other monsters were all creatures of the Dark Domain.
The result of leaving the darkness was obvious.
"Then how did you get in?" Luo Zheng asked.
"A box. It's a black box." The Metamorphosis Demon Block said, "We were all brought in by a black box."
Hearing the Shapeshifting Demon Block mention the black box, Luo Zheng's thoughts moved slightly, and he revealed a look of realization. "It seems that I missed it …"
He climbed up to the upper floor and took down another black box in the corner.
Just now, Luo Zheng's attention had been attracted by the Astral Jade, and he had neglected this black box!
The bottom of this black box was pitch black, and there didn't seem to be anything special about it. When Luo Zheng put his hand inside, he discovered that there was another world under the box. It was an independent Dark Domain.
"This is the box, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, yes!"
Suddenly realizing that it was about to regain its freedom, the Shapeshifting Demon Block was extremely excited. However, it turned into a naked human woman in an extremely indecent posture. Luo Zheng frowned and said, "You should turn back …"
After the Shapeshifting Demon Block turned back into its original form, Luo Zheng destroyed the iron cages.
These monsters had terrifying appearances, but they weren't fierce. Especially after the Shapeshifting Demon Block communicated with them, these monsters became abnormally quiet. After leaving the iron cages, they very naturally drilled into the black box in Luo Zheng's hands.
After stuffing the black box into Feng Ge's Sumeru Space, the two of them walked towards the small door.
After Luo Zheng drilled out of the small door, a crackling sound came from his back, and the dazzling lightning wings appeared on his back again. Immediately after, Feng Ge drilled out, and very naturally rushed into Luo Zheng's arms.
The energy vortex passage had been expanded seven or eight times, and was incomparably spacious. The originally restless energy belt didn't have the slightest reaction, and Feng Ge could use the Flying Cloud Wheel to slowly fly over.
However, Feng Ge clearly didn't have this idea, and still quietly curled up in Luo Zheng's arms.
Flying in this wide and calm passage was like walking on flat ground for Luo Zheng. In less than ten breaths of time, Luo Zheng had already rushed out of the energy passage, dragging a string of lightning behind him, and landed on the stone platform.
"Your Highness Feng Ge!"
"Feng Ge finally came out …"
"That's great …"
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace who were waiting on the stone platform saw Feng Ge being carried down by "Tianxing", and hurriedly surrounded him.
Seeing this scene, Chou Xinghe subconsciously glanced at Ling Shuang, who stood quietly in the same place, pursing her lips, and her body somewhat stiff.
Several elders of the Land of Sword Grief surrounded Feng Ge and asked him a series of questions. They wanted to know why the energy vortex had such a strange phenomenon.
Feng Ge had no intention to explain to them, and only used a few perfunctory words with a cold attitude.
The elders could only give up after being rebuffed. As for "Tianxing", the elders of the Land of Sword Grief had actually long heard of him, but this was the first time they saw him with their own eyes.
They were most looking forward to the arrival of "Tianxing" and Feng Ge.
The Desire Realm was not like the Color Realm, and the battles here were much more intense. The Greater One Heavenly Palace had always been very passive among the many superpowers, and not only did they have to face the superpowers, they also had to face the powerful Nirvana Realm races.
Whether it was "Tianxing" or Feng Ge, they would be a great help to the Color Realm.
After the disciples of the Heavenly Palace had gathered, the elders of the Land of Sword Grief led the way, leaving the stone platform and heading towards the depths of the Fourteenth Heaven.
Although they were both Nirvana Realm, there was still a big difference between the Color Realm and the Desire Realm.
The Thirteen Heavens of the Color Realm would also give Yu Yang Hun a lot of pressure, but that pressure could still be withstood. However, the purple light curtain hanging above the Desire Realm gave a lot of pressure.
Along the way, some disciples of the Heavenly Palace could not hold on and could only constantly replenish their soul pills.
Not long after, under the guidance of the elders, they passed through a black mountain and saw a huge and magnificent city in front of them.
In the Color Realm, Luo Zheng had also seen cities before, and the Abyss Spirit Clan had their own big city.
However, there were more and stronger Nirvana Realm creatures in the Desire Realm, and the Abyss Spirit Clan's big city could not be compared.
"Are there any Nirvana Realm creatures in this city?" a new disciple asked nervously.
"This is the Wanling City, so naturally there are Nirvana Realm creatures, and there are a lot of them. However, Junior Brother, you don't have to be nervous. There are many strong clans in the Guan Jing Heaven, and the Nirvana Realm creatures also have to abide by the rules. As long as they don't act recklessly, it's generally fine," an elder of the Land of Sword Grief explained.

Chapter 3171
In front of the main gate of Wanling City stood two tall giants.
The giants' bodies were like small hills, but their heads were not much bigger than a human's. They looked a little funny.
However, the aura emitted by the two giants was extremely oppressive. The weapons in their hands were simple and crude wooden sticks, but there was a faint brilliance spreading through the gaps of the sticks. Obviously, they were not ordinary objects.
"Woo …"
When the disciples of the Heavenly Palace arrived in front of the gate, one of the giants gently swept the thick wooden stick and placed it in front of the gate.
The old people in the Land of Sword Grief were used to this. An old man stepped forward and greeted the two giants very politely. At the same time, he took out the Soul Elixir from his Sumeru Ring.
The price to enter Wanling City was not high, but it was not a small expense for more than a hundred disciples of the Heavenly Palace. However, this expense was borne by the Heavenly Palace.
After paying the Soul Elixir, the giant did not intend to open the gate. Instead, he pointed at Luo Zheng and Feng Ge with the thick wooden stick and said sullenly, "Those two creatures of the Nirvana Realm can't enter yet!"
Feng Ge and Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
The giant's spiritual intelligence was not high. It seemed that he only knew how to distinguish souls. He regarded Luo Zheng and Feng Ge as creatures of the Nirvana Realm. Strictly speaking, the two did not belong to the category of creatures of the Nirvana Realm.
"Why?" The old man in the Land of Sword Grief asked.
"Creatures of the Nirvana Realm enter the city and pay ten times the Soul Elixir," the giant said.
Before this, no one from the Heavenly Palace had ever come to Wanling City. Even the old man in the Land of Sword Grief did not know there was such a rule.
Ten times the Soul Elixir was not a big number. Besides, the extra Soul Elixir would be compensated. He paid without thinking much and even gave an extra twenty thousand Soul Elixir as a gift to the two giants.
After receiving the extra Soul Elixir, the two giants finally smiled. They turned around and pressed their huge palms on the gate.
"Creak … Ya …"
The huge gate was pushed open by the two giants.
"The strength of this giant is about 1,200 Divine Jun …" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
This strength was naturally nothing in the mother world, but it was still very powerful in the Nirvana Realm. At least the Sun Souls could not resist.
However, whether it was the current Luo Zheng or Feng Ge, who was a Pure Witch, they should be able to crush them directly.
However, within the Fourteenth Heaven, there should be other powerful existences.
When the door was pushed open, a straight and wide path appeared in front of everyone, extending all the way to an extremely distant place.
The architectural style in Wanling City was very messy. Some of the buildings were abnormally huge, while others were very short and small, indicating that this was indeed a mixed city of many races.
From time to time, living beings from the Nirvana Realm would pass by this avenue. Their shapes and appearances were also different.
Although there were quite a number of races in the mother world, they were all born in the same round of chaos. At least, they were all made up of flesh and blood. However, many of the Nirvana Realm creatures had escaped from the previous chaos civilization. Like the Green Jade civilization and the Metal civilization, the forms of the people were very different.
But it was even stranger!
"Senior Brother, what kind of creature is that?"
Someone pointed at a hemp rope that was crawling on the ground.
This hemp rope was segmented. About the first segment was connected together. It looked like a snake, but it did not have a snake head or a snake tail. It was more like a gray hemp rope …
"This is the Qianjie Clan. That's not just one creature. There are about a thousand Qianjie Clan members connected together," an old man in the Land of Sword Grief replied.
Hearing this, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace were also very curious. They surrounded this "hemp rope" and looked at it.
However, this hemp rope suddenly shook. The components of the hemp rope suddenly scattered and suddenly joined together to form a strange shape.
Seeing this scene, the old men in the Land of Sword Grief's expression changed greatly. One of them quickly stepped forward and smiled. At the same time, he made a unique sound from his mouth to communicate with the Qianjie Clan members.
After a while, these Qianjie Clan members scattered again and formed a hemp rope to slowly crawl on the ground.
"These Nirvana Realm creatures will not attack you at will, but you have to pay attention to your words and actions. If you really annoy them, you will be the one who will have to bear the consequences," the old man in the Land of Sword Grief warned.
Just now, those Qianjie Clan members were already in attack mode. Although each Qianjie Clan member was only the size of a thumb, the power of a thousand Qianjie Clan members working together was enough to instantly kill these Yang Souls!
"Understood, Senior Brother …"
Although the disciples of the Heavenly Palace were reprimanded, they became much more obedient.
After all, these Nirvana Realm creatures were the same as the Abyss Spirit Clan in the Eleventh Heaven. They were all existences that they could not afford to offend.
After sneaking along the main road for a while, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace were led to another small road. However, the surrounding environment was getting more and more remote. An old man in the Land of Sword Grief pointed ahead and said, "The stronghold of our Heavenly Palace is just ahead."
In the distance, there was a low wooden building, which looked dilapidated and old.
This group of newcomers looked at the surrounding environment and were slightly disappointed. The power of the Heavenly Palace in the Desire Realm seemed to be far inferior to that in the Color Realm.
At least in the Fourth Heaven, the Heavenly Palace still had a towering temple. There seemed to be nothing in the Fourteenth Heaven.
As if sensing the disappointment of these newcomers, one of the old men comforted them, "The Fourteenth Heaven is just a springboard. The real powerhouses of our Heavenly Palace are in the higher Heaven. If you have talent and perseverance, you won't be able to stay in this Heaven for long."
Luo Zheng was not surprised at the situation of the Heavenly Palace in the Fourteenth Heaven.
The Abyss Spirit Clan dominated the Eleventh Heaven and subdued all the superpowers in the Mother World. Moreover, the Nirvana Realm creatures in the Desire Realm were stronger and more numerous. It would be strange if the status of the Yang Souls was high …
However, the low status of many Yang Souls here was still beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
Before they got close, they saw a few Nirvana Realm creatures walking out of another small road. These Nirvana Realm creatures walked upright on their feet. Their heads were like insects, and their arms were as sharp as steel awls.
They gathered at the entrance of the wooden building. One of the Nirvana Realm creatures said with a sharp voice, "This is the Great Heavenly Palace. Men, come quickly!"
There would usually be Heavenly Palace disciples guarding the stronghold of the Heavenly Palace. Several Yang Souls hurriedly walked out, and the one leading them was Fang Wei from the Sword Grief Ground.
Fang Wei was arrogant and fierce when facing Luo Zheng and this group of Heavenly Palace disciples who had just reached the Chaotic Origin Realm. But in front of these bug-men, he was extremely polite. "Big Brothers, I wonder why you have come to visit my Great Heavenly Palace?"
The leading bug-man mocked with disdain, "Mere soul bodies and you dare call yourself the Heavenly Palace? What a joke! Let's not talk nonsense. When are you going to hand over 30 Soul Crystals and 30 Aura Jades? "

Chapter 3172
When Fang Wei heard their demands, he felt a headache coming on.
Thirty soul crystals, that was 30 million soul pills. Although the Yang soul couldn't use the Body Dipper Jade, it wasn't cheap, at least 20 million soul pills.
50 million soul pills wasn't much for the Greater One Heavenly Palace, but the problem was that they had already paid five times in half a year, and each time they faced a different Nirvana race!
"Friends from the Tail Insect Clan, isn't it too much?" Fang Wei said with a sad face.
The leader of the Tail Insect Clan laughed and suddenly raised his right leg. The sharp awl pierced out from Fang Wei's side like a sword and nailed into the wooden building, leaving a bottomless hole.
"This is Master Ghost Scorpion's price. You want to disobey Master Ghost Scorpion?"
There were many forces in the Wanling City, and "Ghost Scorpion" was one of the bigger forces.
"But this year we have already paid a lot to the city guard …" Fang Wei argued.
"The city guard is the city guard, Master Ghost Scorpion is Master Ghost Scorpion. I don't like to talk nonsense with you Yang souls." The Tail Insect Clan raised the awl in his hand again.
The Wanling City had its own rules, but the Greater One Heavenly Palace didn't have a deep foundation in the city. Killing a few Yang souls wasn't a big deal at all.
Seeing that there was no room for negotiation, Fang Wei finally returned to the wooden building unhappily.
With Fang Wei's strength, it was enough to establish a foothold in the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven.
But there weren't many people in the Land of Sword Grief. Every once in a while, someone would be sent back to guard.
Guarding this stronghold was obviously a very difficult job. Fang Wei himself was very unwilling, but he couldn't disobey the orders of the Heavenly Palace, so he could only listen.
After Fang Wei collected the soul crystals and Body Dipper Jade, he unhappily handed them to the Tail Insect Clan.
Thirty soul crystals!
It could greatly strengthen Fang Wei's Yang soul …
He was really unwilling to give it to the Nirvana race just like that!
After the leader of the Tail Insect Clan took the soul crystals and Body Dipper Jade, he finally showed a satisfied expression. They worked for Master Ghost Scorpion, so naturally they could get a small part of the things they collected.
Just as the Tail Insect Clan was about to leave, they turned around and saw the disciples of the Heavenly Palace on the other side of the road.
The elders leading the group from the Land of Sword Grief knew that something was wrong and were about to leave with the disciples of the Heavenly Palace when the Tailed Insect Race member screamed, "Wait! All of you, get over here! "
Fang Wei's heart skipped a beat when he saw the disciples of the Heavenly Palace. He wondered if these damned Tailed Insect People would cause trouble, and the result was as he had expected …
The elders of the Land of Sword Grief did not dare to disobey the Tail Insect People. They could only brace themselves and lead the disciples of the Heavenly Palace to the entrance of the wooden building.
"Tsk tsk, you brought so many filthy souls from the lower realms again?" That Tailed Bug Tribesman said.
The Nirvana Realm creatures in the Desire Realm believed that without the protection of a physical body, the Sun Soul would become dirtier and dirtier. Naturally, they despised the Sun Souls in the mother world from the bottom of their hearts. This was a unique culture in the Nirvana Realm.
Hearing this damnable insect calling them filthy, the new Chaotic Origin Realm disciples felt embarrassed. Even though they did not refute, all of them were emitting a furious aura.
Feng Ge's expression also froze slightly, and killing intent flashed in his eyes.
Not to mention that these fellows dared to look down on Sun Soul, their attitude of looking down on Greater One Heavenly Palace just now was enough reason for her to act.
Comparatively, Luo Zheng was much calmer.
Such fools who did not know the immensity of heaven and earth could be found everywhere. Luo Zheng had long become calm when facing these fools.
Killing these Tailed Bug Tribesmen was not a big deal to Luo Zheng and Feng Ge. But since he had just arrived, he did not wish to incur any trouble for the Heavenly Palace. Hence, he chose to observe first.
"For the new souls, we will take 100,000 Soul Pills for each. Here are 100 souls, and I will give you eight Aura Jades." That Tailed Bug Tribesman magnanimously said.
"This …" Fang Wei revealed a look of difficulty, "Is this also the order of Sir Ghost Scorpion?"
"It is my order." That Tailed Bug Tribesman said, "Why? Can't I? "
Fang Wei was just about to argue when some Heavenly Palace disciples could no longer endure it.
Even though they knew that the Desire Realm was filled with all sorts of troubles, they did not expect that their seniors would live so miserably in the Desire Realm, being bullied by just a few insects. If these insects were in the Nirvana Realm, they would have been crushed into pieces!
Their longing for the Desire Realm disappeared at this moment …
"Why should we give you soul crystals?"
"We have already paid so many Soul Pills to enter the city!"
"Don't you have any rules in the Wanling City to extort us like this?"
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace refuted one after another.
Fang Wei and the other elders in the Land of Sword Grief suddenly looked extremely ugly, and they secretly cursed in their hearts.
Those Tailed Bug Tribesmen obviously did not expect that these newcomers would dare to make a fuss in front of them. After being stunned for a moment, the leader of the Tailed Bug Tribesmen put on a strange expression and laughed strangely, "Why? Just because of this! "
As he spoke, he raised his limbs, and the sharp awl was about to stab the head of the nearest Heavenly Palace disciple.
This stab was enough to shatter the Sun Soul Spike.
"Wait." A calm voice sounded.
Luo Zheng stepped forward from behind, and Feng Ge followed closely behind.
After noticing Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, several Tailed Bug Tribesmen revealed strange looks in their eyes.
Feng Ge seemed to be a real Nirvana Realm creature, but Nirvana Realm humans were extremely rare. They had not seen them for many years, so they naturally felt strange.
And Luo Zheng's appearance could not be seen clearly, so he actually entered the Nirvana Realm with his physical body? Didn't they say no?
Even so, the Tailed Bug Tribesmen did not put the two in their eyes at all. There were also strong and weak Nirvana Realm creatures. They just asked, "What are you waiting for?"
After seeing His Highness Feng Ge, the eyes of the Heavenly Palace disciples lit up slightly, including Fang Wei and the other elders in the Land of Sword Grief.
However, Fang Wei and the others were still worried. Although Feng Ge had a physical body, they had no idea how strong it was. If by any chance he angered the experts in the Wanling City, it would only be harmful to the Greater Heavenly Palace!
"I have the Gang Jades you want," Luo Zheng said, taking a few pieces of Gang Jades from Feng Ge and showing them to the Tailed Bug Tribesmen.
Perhaps because they found that Luo Zheng and Feng Ge both had physical bodies, the Tailed Bug Tribesmen were more polite. "Since you have them, you should have taken them out long ago!" Saying so, they stepped forward to take the Gang Jades.
Fang Wei and the others also breathed a sigh of relief. As long as they did not make enemies with the Tailed Bug Tribesmen, they would be able to live peacefully for a while.
But just as the Tailed Bug Tribesmen were about to take the Gang Jades, Luo Zheng gently withdrew his hand holding the Gang Jades and said with a smile, "I didn't say that I would give these Gang Jades to you for free."
"What do you mean by that?" The leader of the Tailed Bug Tribesmen asked unhappily.
"If you want it, you have to exchange it with your life," Luo Zheng said indifferently. As soon as his voice fell, the killing intent suppressed in Feng Ge's beautiful eyes burst out. His body swayed slightly, and his slender white fingers grabbed the head of a Tailed Bug Tribesman.

Chapter 3173
The reaction of the Tail Insect Tribesmen was very sharp, but Feng Ge's sudden attack was too fast.
The Tail Insect Tribesman didn't even have time to react before his head was pulled off by Feng Ge.
Seeing that green blood was about to spurt out of the headless corpse's wound, Feng Ge pushed the corpse dozens of feet away. With a pop, the headless corpse was embedded in the wall in its original position.
Feng Ge threw the Tail Insect Tribesman's head on the ground, his exquisite eyes filled with killing intent. When the Tail Insect Tribesmen looked at each other, they felt as if they were in the polar ice.
"This, this … Prince Feng Ge, this …"
Fang Wei and the other elders in the Land of Sword Grief were dumbfounded by this scene.
On the one hand, they heard that Feng Ge had a physical body and felt that he could be of help to the Heavenly Palace. However, Feng Ge had just entered the fourteenth layer of heaven. According to the speed at which Nirvana creatures improved, he couldn't be this strong!
On the other hand, Prince Feng Ge really shouldn't have killed people!
Fang Wei wasn't afraid of the Tail Insect Tribesmen, but the power behind them!
Now that he had killed one of their people, many things would become chaotic.
However, Fang Wei and the others didn't know that Feng Ge had been holding back for a long time.
According to his personality, when the Tail Insect Tribesmen insulted the Heavenly Palace, he would have torn them to pieces.
Feng Ge didn't have any pity for weak things that he hated, just like the Dark Realm creatures who tried to attack him.
However, Luo Zheng kept hinting for Feng Ge to suppress his emotions, so Feng Ge didn't attack.
It was only when this group of people went too far that Feng Ge made a move.
"You … You dare to kill my tribesmen!" The leader of the Tail Insect Tribesmen was stunned.
He didn't think that these cowardly humans would dare to resist!
Feng Ge looked at Luo Zheng and asked, "I still want to kill a few more …"
Luo Zheng nodded with a smile, "Sure, just leave one."
Just as he finished speaking, Feng Ge had already charged out, dragging the strands of light behind him.
There were no suitable clothes in the 13th Heaven. What covered her body were clothes woven by strands of light. Under such a sprint, she was like a sprite chasing after the light.
Everyone could only see a few flashes of white light before their eyes. The heads of the Tail Insect People flew into the sky, leaving behind headless corpses.
A breath later, only the leader of the Tailed Insect Race was still alive. The leader of the Tailed Insect Tribe finally realized the predicament it was in. It had intended to fight back, but when it saw Feng Ge's ability, it trembled violently. Even at this point, it did not forget to threaten, "You killed our Tailed Insect Tribe, Master Ghost Scorpion …"
Master Ghost Scorpion will definitely flatten you! "
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "That's why I spared your life. I want you to go back and report to Master Ghost Scorpion. I want to know how he will flatten you."
After hearing Luo Zheng's words, this Tail Insect Tribesman's eyes flashed with astonishment. He could feel that Luo Zheng was extremely confident. Not only did he not place the Tail Insect Tribesmen in his eyes, he also did not place Lord Ghost Scorpion in his eyes!
However, since Luo Zheng was willing to spare its life, it did not dare to say anything. After all, no one wanted to die for no reason.
Just as the leader of the Tail Insect People was about to leave, Fang Wei gritted his teeth and said, "Since we've already killed them, then kill them all! Don't leave any future troubles! "
The death of the Tail Insect People in the stronghold of the Heavenly Palace was indeed a big problem. However, the Heavenly Palace could deny it. At most, they would spend a large number of Soul Pills to settle this matter. If they really let the leader of the Tail Insect People leave, the consequences would be unimaginable.
Feng Ge gently rubbed her fingertips. In her eyes, these insects were the real filth. She wondered if she should get a sword in the Nirvana Realm.
After hearing Fang Wei's words, she looked at Luo Zheng with a questioning look. Should they kill the last Tail Insect People?
Luo Zheng shook his head and walked towards the stronghold. As he walked, he said, "Let it go."
The reason he let Feng Ge do it was to intimidate the forces behind the Tail Insect People.
In the situation where the enemy was strong and they were weak, compromise was meaningless. He did not agree with Fang Wei's way of handling things.
"Who the fuck are you! Do you want to kill our Great Heavenly Palace? "Fang Wei blocked in front of Luo Zheng and said with gritted teeth.
The Sword of Grief had also heard of this "Tian Xing", but Tian Xing's identity had always been ambiguous with the Heavenly Palace. Whether he was a disciple of the Heavenly Palace or not was still unknown.
In Fang Wei's view, offending these Nirvana Realm creatures would only make it difficult for the Great Heavenly Palace to move forward. Naturally, he was angry!
Luo Zheng came in front of Fang Wei and said with a smile, "My name is Luo Zheng."
The few old men in the Sword of Grief were stunned when they heard this answer. They stared at the back of Luo Zheng in a daze.
And many new Chaotic Origin Realm disciples were similarly stunned. They recalled that Luo Zheng's Sun Soul had never appeared after crossing the Nirvana Realm. Some were puzzled, but they did not ask about it. So this "Tian Xing" was Luo Zheng himself?
As for Chou Xue, he had already guessed it. Hence, he was not too surprised.
Luo Zheng had basically exposed his identity in the Chaotic Origin Great World. There was no longer a need for him to continue concealing his identity. Instead, it would restrict his movements. Hence, he openly admitted it now.
When Luo Zheng entered the wooden building, he suddenly slapped his forehead. He turned around and said, "Oh right, let's get that insect to hand over those Star Jades and Soul Crystals."
Only then did he step in.
…
…
Almost every superpower had one or even several Nirvana Realm clans backing them. The Great Yi Heaven Palace was no exception. But the Nirvana Realm clans backing the Great Yi Heaven Palace were not considered strong within the Fourteenth Heaven. This resulted in the disciples of the Sword of Grief being passive. They were targeted everywhere. These few years, they had to endure in the Myriad Spirit City in exchange for a place to stay. This was also why the disciples of the Sword of Grief were unwilling to stay in the Fourteenth Heaven.
Because they were in the Fourteenth Heaven.
Fang Wei sternly explained the current situation of the Great Yi Heaven Palace to Luo Zheng, "Your actions will make it difficult for us to move around in the Nirvana Realm!"
"I wonder how the You Xiong Clan, Li Yuan Clan, and other great clans are treated in the Fourteenth Heaven?" Luo Zheng calmly asked the agitated Fang Wei.
"They are backed by Fourteenth Heaven giants. Naturally, no Nirvana Realm lifeform dares to do anything to them." Fang Wei unhappily replied. The old men in the Sword of Grief felt bitter when they mentioned this matter.
If they were placed in the Great Yi Heaven Palace, they would be dragons and phoenixes among men. Who would be willing to suffer in the Nirvana Realm?
Luo Zheng pondered for a moment before saying with a smile, "Blindly enduring will only make those insects want a yard after taking an inch. Since we don't have any backing, we should just find one."

Chapter 3174
Wisps of red light jumped in the compound eyes of the Tail Insect clansman.
It shuttled nimbly through the Thousands Spirit City, feeling grief and indignation for its dead companions.
These dirty souls found two bodies from somewhere and wanted to challenge the great Ghost Scorpion. Since they were looking for death, then they couldn't blame it.
In the north of the city, large patches of ferns dotted the landscape.
There were all kinds of strange races in the Nirvana Realm, but they all had their own divisions.
The Tail Insect clansman lived in the north of the city, where a large number of insect creatures gathered.
When the Tail Insect clansman reached the north of the city, he drilled into a bottomless cave. The cave was divided into sections, with small bug pots hanging on both sides, in which all kinds of strange insects were kept.
At the bottom of the cave, the Tail Insect clansman smelled a strange fragrance.
It was the body fragrance of the Fragrant Butterfly Clan. Lord Ghost Scorpion liked this fragrance, so he collected many females of the Fragrant Butterfly Clan and kept them by his side.
It didn't take long for him to reach the end of the passage.
A hoarse voice sounded, "Cat slave, can you get the Gang Jades and Soul Crystals I asked you to collect?"
In the darkness at the bottom, a black scorpion tail lay flat on the ground, with a small hook at the end of the tail flashing with black light. Seeing this hook, the Tail Insect clansman swallowed his saliva.
He had seen Lord Ghost Scorpion punish a subordinate with his own eyes. Just a little bit of flesh was scratched by the hook, and the subordinate turned pitch-black in a breath's time, without any breath.
The Tail Insect clansman knew that the news he brought back would make Lord Ghost Scorpion furious, so he could only answer carefully.
"Received," the Tail Insect clansman replied.
"Hehe, the Greater One Heavenly Palace can endure," Lord Ghost Scorpion smiled in the darkness, and continued, "Hand over the Gang Jades and Soul Crystals, and let Poison Dog and the others collect them another day."
Ghost Scorpion didn't target the Greater One Heavenly Palace too much before, after all, the Greater One Heavenly Palace was also protected by the city guards of the Thousands Spirit City. But Ghost Scorpion was entrusted by someone, and his purpose was to suppress the Greater One Heavenly Palace again and again, to see how long they could endure.
"But …" The Tail Insect clansman hesitated, and continued, "The Greater One Heavenly Palace took back the Gang Jades and Soul Crystals!"
"What?" Ghost Scorpion's voice became cold, the tail lying flat on the ground slightly curled up.
"The Greater One Heavenly Palace.
They seemed to have found two bodies. One of them was a woman of the human race. She killed my brothers. She spared my life just to report to Master Ghost Scorpion! Lord Ghost Scorpion, "the Tail insect clansman of the Heavenly Palace.
"Body? How can a human find a body? "Ghost Scorpion asked doubtfully.
Ever since the soul had entered the Nirvana Realm, it had been many years since the Ghost Scorpion had seen the physical body enter the Nirvana Realm.
"That's true. Otherwise, how could my brothers have died?" The Tailed Bug Tribesman continued.
In the darkness, the Ghost Scorpion thought for a while, then said, "They spared your life just to come back and inform me?"
"That's right," the Tailed Insect Tribesman replied.
"Then your mission has been accomplished." The Ghost Scorpion's voice came from the darkness.
The scorpion tail suddenly rose up and stabbed at the Tail Bug Person at an incredible speed. The sharp tail hook accurately sliced through the Tail Bug Person's body. The tail hook didn't even break the Tail Bug Person's shell. It only left a small wound on the surface of the Tail Bug Person's body.
The Tail insect clansman only saw the scorpion tail swaying in front of him. He realized that the situation was not good. He turned around and wanted to escape, but after a few steps, he felt his body go numb. He fell to the ground and lost consciousness.
... A tall and sturdy creature slowly walked out of the darkness.
This creature was covered in a layer of black armor. There were six pairs of eyes on its head. Its repulsive face revealed a trace of power.
It stood on its two legs and retracted its scorpion tail.
Walking out of the darkness with it were two graceful members of the Fragrant Butterfly Clan. The Fragrant Butterfly Clan's appearance was similar to that of humans, especially their graceful figures.
"Lord, are you going to attack the Greater One Heavenly Palace?" A woman of the Fragrant Butterfly Clan asked in a charming voice.
"Since it was entrusted by someone, naturally it can't be avoided," the Ghost Scorpion said indifferently.
"The Heavenly Palace is just some souls that can be destroyed easily. What's with the two bodies?" The woman of the Fragrant Butterfly Clan asked curiously.
The Ghost Scorpion's tail swayed gently and pierced into the head of the Tail insect clansman. Soon, it obtained the memories of the Tail insect clansman and saw everything that had just happened.
There was a slight smile on its face. "Just think of it as two Nirvana Realm creatures dealing with it."
…
…
In the stronghold of the Heavenly Palace.
When Fang Wei heard Luo Zheng's words, he didn't feel comforted at all. Instead, he was full of worry. "It's so easy to be your backer. It won't be long before Lord Mo Xie comes. Do you know that Mo Xie …"
Just when Fang Wei was still talking nonsense, a cold light flashed in Feng Ge's eyes, and a cold killing intent covered his body. "If you're afraid, just leave the Nirvana Realm. If you keep talking nonsense, I'll kill you too."
With Feng Ge's strength, he might not be Fang Wei's opponent in the Land of Sword Grief, but in the Nirvana Realm, killing Fang Wei was as easy as killing an ant.
Fang Wei suddenly stopped talking, and the elders in the Land of Sword Grief also shut up.
After all, the Greater One Heavenly Palace belonged to the East Sovereign. Even Feng Ge stood by Luo Zheng, what else could the others say?
Luo Zheng didn't care about Fang Wei's attitude. He said to the other disciples of the Heavenly Palace, "Everyone, since you've reached the 14th layer of heaven, for safety reasons, you can temporarily leave the Nirvana Realm. Wait until Feng Ge and I understand the situation here, then we'll make a decision."
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace present had already decided to retreat. If they really fought and got infected by something like the Soul-entangling Silk, they wouldn't be able to leave even if they wanted to.
"Then … Brother Luo Zheng, His Highness Feng Ge, you have to be careful!"
"We'll take our leave first!"
"…"
The Yang Souls of the disciples of the Heavenly Palace dissipated one after another.
Fang Wei glared fiercely at Luo Zheng, and also left the Nirvana Realm. In the end, only Luo Zheng, Feng Ge, and Ling Shuang were left.
"Ling Shuang?" Luo Zheng called out.
"I'll stay here with you," Ling Shuang said.
"Stay with us," Feng Ge frowned.
"I didn't say I'll stay with you, I'll stay with Luo Zheng," Ling Shuang corrected him. She was silent for a long time, and finally couldn't help but confront Feng Ge.
"If you stay here, you'll just die. Why make things difficult for yourself?" Feng Ge asked back, his face full of provocation.

Chapter 3175
Hearing Ling Shuang's words, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's faces revealed a trace of astonishment.
The difference between the Sun Soul and the physical body was obvious.
Luo Zheng didn't know how strong Donghuang and Nuwa were in the Nirvana Realm. At least at the 14th level of heaven, the difference between the Sun Soul and the physical body was like heaven and earth.
Moreover, Feng Ge's pure body was much stronger than the average Nirvana Realm creature.
"I really don't know where your confidence comes from." Feng Ge stared at Ling Shuang and sneered.
"Do you want to know? I can show you, "Ling Shuang snorted and said.
From the tone of these two women, it seemed like they wanted to fight first …
Luo Zheng realized that he couldn't stay silent any longer.
He had never been good at dealing with emotional matters. Back then, the dispute between Xi Youqin and Ning Yudie had made him badly battered.
Luo Zheng stepped between the two and said in a gentle tone, "Ling Shuang, no matter what, this place is still dangerous for you. You can come back after Feng Ge and I have settled this matter."
"I'm not your stumbling block!" Ling Shuang said stubbornly.
As the God's favored child of Taiyi Mountain, when did Ling Shuang lack confidence?
It was just that Luo Zheng's appearance was too dazzling, so she was willing to stand behind Luo Zheng.
But she didn't want to be treated as a stumbling block by Luo Zheng!
"If you don't want to be a stumbling block, then leave obediently," Feng Ge said without missing a beat.
"Feng Ge!" Luo Zheng scolded in a deep voice.
Feng Ge shrugged and took a step back without a care in the world.
Luo Zheng then said to Ling Shuang, "I've never seen you as a stumbling block. Without your help, I wouldn't have been able to reach this step, and … I've seen your door."
Ling Shuang and Feng Ge were the God's favored children of Taiyi Mountain and Taiyi Mountain respectively, but they were different in nature.
Feng Ge was the biological daughter of Concubine Yan and Donghuang, so she also inherited their bloodline.
Ling Shuang didn't seem to have inherited Elder Ying's bloodline. No one mentioned the reason to Luo Zheng, but it didn't mean that Luo Zheng couldn't guess it.
Elder Ying valued Ling Shuang so much, it wasn't as simple as the relationship between an elder and a junior. There must be something special about Ling Shuang, and Luo Zheng found this special thing in the Sky Sunflower Temple..................
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Ling Shuang's body shook slightly. "You …"
...... and wait for us in the Land of Sword's's.............. Wait for us and wait for us in's..... in's............
Since Luo Zheng had put it this way, Ling Shuang finally chose to compromise.
Although she could open the door after entering the Fourteenth Heaven, her grandmother did tell her not to open it unless it was a last resort.
"Okay..." Ling Shuang nodded to Luo Zheng, and then her eyes met with Feng Ge's. Feng Ge didn't avoid her at all, and his ice-like face was full of confidence.
"Humph!"
Ling Shuang snorted at Feng Ge, and her soul finally dissipated.
After Ling Shuang left, Feng Ge tilted his head, a playful smile on his face, and asked Luo Zheng, "Are you in a dilemma?"
"I don't understand what you're talking about." Luo Zheng replied helplessly.
"I'll make you understand." Feng Ge smiled confidently, and a trace of heat appeared in his cold eyes.
… …
… …
The stronghold of the Heavenly Palace was empty, and only Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were left.
But in the Bronze Palace of the Land of Sword Grief, there was an uproar!
"His Highness Luo Zheng and Feng Ge killed those Tail Insect clansmen in one blow!"
"Didn't they anger the Ghost Scorpions?"
"If they provoke the Ghost Scorpions in Wanling City, I'm afraid this matter will be troublesome! I'll go and report! "
Fang Wei came out of the secret cultivation room and spread the news.
The news quickly spread from the first floor to the second floor, and all the disciples of the Land of Sword Grief who heard about it were a little dumbfounded.
"Even if His Highness Feng Ge has a physical body, he can't fight against those giants of the Fourteenth Heaven..."
"I'm afraid we won't be able to move an inch in the Desire Realm in the future!"
"I really didn't expect the two of them to cause so much trouble!"
But under such circumstances, they could only be anxious outside.
This situation was simply irreversible. What's more, some people wanted to go to the Nirvana Realm and persuade Luo Zheng and Feng Ge to come back, and then the Heavenly Palace would send other people to mediate.
However, this plan was rejected by Fang Wei and others. Looking at Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, they didn't seem to be easily persuaded.
Just as the disciples of the Land of Sword Grief were racking their brains, dozens of Tail Insect clansmen rushed in from both sides of a street in the north of Wanling City, running at a fast speed.
The creatures in Wanling City were divided into different classes. The Tail Insect clansmen were known for their tyranny and bloodthirstiness. Especially after they joined the Ghost Scorpions, they were even more unscrupulous.
Along the way, other creatures of the Nirvana Realm all avoided them when they saw them.
Not long after, these Tail Insect clansmen had arrived in front of the wooden building of the Heavenly Palace.
After the leader of the Tail Insect clansmen nodded, the other clansmen turned their hands, and a green grass ball appeared in their hands. The aura of this grass ball was similar to that of the Soul-avoiding Water and Soul-entangling Silk. Obviously, it was also an object to prevent people from leaving the Nirvana Realm.
"Swish, swish, swish, swish …"
The door of the wooden building was wide open, and they threw these grass balls in through the door.
The moment the grass balls were thrown in, the balls exploded, and smoke billowed.
As long as they were contaminated by this green smoke, they would not be able to leave the Nirvana Realm.
Not long after, billowing smoke filled the wooden building. Just as these Tail Insect clansmen were about to enter the building to investigate, a voice came from behind them. "Are you looking for me?"
The Tail Insect clansmen were all stunned, and a few of them reacted quickly. Their lower limbs suddenly stomped, and a powerful Nirvana Realm power burst out. They waved the sharp awls in their hands and rushed toward Luo Zheng.
"Too slow …"
Luo Zheng stood in place and didn't even move.
When those sharp awls were about to pierce him, Luo Zheng's body just tilted slightly, and all the sharp awls brushed past Luo Zheng's body without touching him at all.
After Luo Zheng's body twisted slightly, his hands reached out like lightning.
"Crack, crack, crack, crack, crack!"
His hands plucked the heads of the Tail Insect clansmen as if he was picking vegetables.
Every time he plucked, a Tail Insect clansman's head would fly into the air. After plucking nine times in a row, Luo Zheng lifted his foot and stepped back. The nine Tail Insect clansmen's bodies stood in place, and the heads of the Tail Insect clansmen fell to the ground.
"If Ghost Scorpions only sent these minions, it would be too disappointing." Luo Zheng shook his head.

Chapter 3176
These Tailed-Insect clansmen had received orders from Lord Ghost Scorpion to eliminate all the people of Greater One Heavenly Palace.
They didn't expect that Greater One Heavenly Palace didn't have any Sun Soul on the other side. Not only that, but such a powerful human had appeared in front of them. How could they not be afraid?
The remaining Tailed-Insect clansmen, in panic, threw green grass balls at Luo Zheng one after another.
Before those grass balls exploded, another figure appeared behind them. It was Feng Ge.
A long sword appeared in Feng Ge's hand.
She didn't want to come into contact with these dirty insects. In the stronghold of the Heavenly Palace, she found a long sword. Although the sword was very ordinary, it could be used.
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
Her figure moved horizontally, the long sword drawing an uneven line, and this line instantly turned into a green line of blood. Except for the last Tailed-Insect clansman, all the other Tailed-Insect clansmen were killed.
Luo Zheng came out of the rolling green smoke. Feng Ge glanced at him and said, "You've been contaminated by this smoke. What if you can't leave the other side?"
"I don't plan to leave," Luo Zheng smiled.
Feng Ge pursed his lips. The Ghost Scorpion hadn't shown up yet. He didn't know how strong the other party was, but he was confident.
"You, you..." The last Tailed-Insect clansman said in a trembling voice.
"Tell the Ghost Scorpion to come in person," Luo Zheng said coldly.
The Tailed-Insect clansman, as if he had been granted amnesty, fled like a wisp of smoke.
The various clans lived together in Wanling City, and news spread very quickly.
The news that so many Tailed-Insect clansmen had died in front of the stronghold of the Heavenly Palace spread like wildfire, and the Tailed-Insect clansmen were followers of the Ghost Scorpion. This meant that Greater One Heavenly Palace must have provoked Lord Ghost Scorpion!
"Greater One Heavenly Palace? Aren't those humans only able to enter the other side as souls? "
"These weak souls are usually weak and easily bullied. When they see our Nine Oyster Clan, they are all polite. How dare they provoke Lord Ghost Scorpion?"
"Then they're in trouble..."
Some curious people also approached the stronghold of the Heavenly Palace. They either hid behind the walls or drilled into residences, secretly spying.
When they saw the corpses of the Tailed Bug Tribesmen, their pupils constricted.
In front of the wooden building, a man whose appearance could not be seen clearly sat upright, while another woman stood beside him with a sword in her hand. She had no intention of escaping.
"There's going to be a good show …"
"This man and woman don't seem to be afraid of Master Ghost Scorpion?"
"That's because they don't know the strength of the Ghost Scorpion! They will die miserably! "
In the City Guards Mansion of Wanling City.
The two giants entered the City Guards Mansion and passed on the news of Greater One Heavenly Palace.
At the top of the hall of the City Guards Mansion, a Nirvana Realm creature that looked like a black bear only responded coldly after hearing the news, "Got it …"
"Lord City Guard, do we need to stop the Ghost Scorpion?" the giant asked.
"No need," Black Bear said, shaking his head.
Every year, the Greater One Heavenly Palace would pay a considerable amount of soul pills in the hope that the City Guard Mansion would protect them.
If it was an ordinary matter, the City Guards Mansion would naturally step in to settle it. However, this time, other than the Ghost Scorpion who was entrusted with the task, the City Guards Mansion was also entrusted with the task.
In fact, if the Ghost Scorpion did not take action, the City Guards Mansion would most likely take action against the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
An hour later, in the underground cave in the north of the city, three giant red scorpions crawled out along with hundreds of Tail Insect clansmen.
Although Luo Zheng and Feng Ge had killed two groups of Tail Insect clansmen, they still did not attract the attention of the Ghost Scorpion. It did not plan to take action personally.
The three giant scorpions did not have spiritual intelligence and were typical ferocious creatures. Wanling City forbade such ferocious creatures to enter the city, but some rules were set for the lower class. Beings like Master Ghost Scorpion did not need to follow them.
The Tail Insect clansmen rode the three giant red scorpions and swaggered through the city, causing a lot of chaos and screams.
The Nirvana Realm creatures that were hiding in the dark suddenly became excited.
"Master Ghost Scorpion has sent out the Red Scorpion Corps!"
"It's enough for that man and woman to die ten times!"
"They are not strong enough to go against Master Ghost Scorpion. They don't know the immensity of heaven and earth …"
When hundreds of Tail Insect clansmen rode the three giant red scorpions into the path, clouds of green smoke rose again.
After half an hour, the green smoke gradually dissipated.
Many creatures that were hiding in the dark opened their eyes wide when they saw the scene in front of them.
The three giant red scorpions were lying on the ground with their tails cut off. The corpses of the Tail Insect clansmen were piled up into a small hill.
This time, Luo Zheng still left one of the Tail Insect clansmen to go back and report.
"The Red Scorpion Group was wiped out so easily?"
"Those two humans are so strong?"
"Something is not right!"
The Red Scorpion Group was the right-hand man of Master Ghost Scorpion. Each giant red scorpion was strong.
At least, except for the creatures of the Dark Realm, those giant red scorpions were the most powerful beings in the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven. But they were killed so quietly. The Nirvana Realm creatures were really shocked!
An hour later, in the underground cave in the north of the city, a large group of butterflies flew out. A faint fragrance spread out in all directions, and the burly figure of Ghost Scorpion also came out of it.
If the first wave of Tail Insect clansmen was just to test the waters, then the second wave of Red Scorpion Group should be enough to kill the two humans.
But things did not go the way Master Ghost Scorpion expected. Even the Red Scorpion Group was wiped out. In the end, a Tail Insect clansman came back to report.
"Master, do we need you to kill two humans?" A woman from the Fragrant Butterfly Clan asked.
"Don't do it more than three times." Master Ghost Scorpion squinted and said, "The third time, I will do it myself."
Master Ghost Scorpion rarely left his underground cave.
He had been dormant in the City of Thousands Spirits for many years. He had always been at odds with the City Guards Mansion, but the City Guards Mansion could not do anything to him. It was wishful thinking to catch him in the underground cave.
"But will the City Guards Mansion …" Another woman from the Fragrant Butterfly Clan said worriedly.
"Don't worry. The City Guards Mansion will not come out at the critical time." Master Ghost Scorpion squinted and sneered.
Not long after, Master Ghost Scorpion led the women from the Fragrant Butterfly Clan into the small path. He saw Luo Zheng and Feng Ge not far away.
The six pairs of eyes on his face were emitting a dark red light. Especially when he noticed the corpses of the three giant red scorpions, there was a trace of anger in his heart. The puny humans dared to kill his Red Scorpion Group!
Luo Zheng was still sitting quietly in the same place, looking calm.
When he saw Master Ghost Scorpion's black, burly body and slender scorpion tail, he said, "The master is finally here."
"Should it be over after we kill him?" Feng Ge asked.
"Not necessarily." Luo Zheng shook his head.

Chapter 3177
In the Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Zheng had already exposed his identity.
At least by relying on the Tengshe Sword, they could easily determine the origin of Luo Zheng.
Perhaps You Xiong Clan would not attack the Heavenly Palace so quickly, but it did not mean they would not choose to ambush him in the Paramita.
The stronghold of Great Yi Heavenly Palace in the Fourteenth Heaven was not hidden, and it was easy for them to observe the movements of the Heavenly Palace disciples. It was not difficult for them to make use of the Paramita lifeforms to attack him.
"Then when will it end?" Feng Ge asked.
"When they are afraid." Luo Zheng's lips curled up. He slowly stood up and said, "You step back a little. Let me handle this battle."
That sharp point on the tail of this Ghost Scorpion clearly contained a deadly poison. Luo Zheng did not wish for Feng Ge to take the risk.
The truth was similar to what Luo Zheng had guessed.
When Luo Zheng and the others from the Heavenly Palace entered the Desire Realm, they were noticed by the Golden Crow Clan. Very soon, they spread the news within the clan.
Unlike Great Yi Heavenly Palace which was weak in the Fourteenth Heaven, You Xiong, Shennong, and Jinwu were quite powerful in the Fourteenth Heaven.
There were a total of two big cities in the Fourteenth Heaven, namely Myriad Spirit City and Celestial Water City. These two big cities had a large number of Paramita lifeforms, and the dominant Star Falcon Clan in Celestial Water City came from the same lineage as the Golden Crow Clan. The relationship between the two was similar to the relationship between the Li Yuan Clan and the Abyss Spirit Clan.
Even though the Star Falcon Clan did not have any big power in Myriad Spirit City, it was very easy for a powerful Paramita race to deal with a "soul power" like Great Yi Heavenly Palace.
There was an oval-shaped building 300 zhang away from the wooden building of Great Yi Heavenly Palace. At the top of the building was a balcony, and on the balcony stood a dozen Sun Souls. These Sun Souls came from You Xiong, Golden Crow, and other clans.
"At first, I was worried that if they directly withdrew from the Paramita, we would not be able to do anything to them." A Sun Soul said with a lazy voice.
"Withdraw from the Paramita? That's impossible, unless they don't plan on increasing their own cultivation. Sooner or later, there will be a day when they enter the Paramita Realm. "Another Sun Soul sneered. This Sun Soul had two wings on its back. Clearly, it was from the Golden Crow Clan.
"However, I can see that the two of them are very confident and have no intention of backing down."
"Heh, this is a good thing. Overconfidence is self-destruction. Once they are dead, we can report back …"
Killing Feng Ge and "Tian Xing" in the Nirvana Realm was undoubtedly the easiest way. You Xiong, Golden Crow, and the rest of the four races had undoubtedly chosen the simplest method.
Luo Zheng strolled toward the Ghost Scorpion. As he walked, he asked, "I have no grudge against you. Someone must have asked you to attack me. Tell me, who is it?"
In the eyes of the Ghost Scorpions, these two human beings were like fish on a chopping board. Especially after they were infected by the green smoke, there was no way for them to escape.
The two of them should be in despair!
Normally, Luo Zheng would kneel and beg for mercy when he saw the Ghost Scorpions, hoping to spare his life …
However, Luo Zheng's behavior was completely different from what the Ghost Scorpions had expected. The other party did not look anxious at all. It seemed that he was not afraid of the Ghost Scorpions, or even afraid of the Ghost Scorpions.
"You killed my men. Naturally, you deserve to die. This is not a case of no grudge." The Ghost Scorpions laughed.
No matter what, the Ghost Scorpions still had some integrity. The person who asked him to do this had also given him a generous reward. How could he reveal the truth just because of Luo Zheng's words?
Although this guy was going to be a dead man soon, there were many spies in Wanling City. The Ghost Scorpions could clearly feel that there were many spies around staring at this place.
At this moment, from the other end of the path, a few large creatures rushed over.
It was a rat as tall as a cow!
And on the backs of these rats sat the Sun Souls of the Ear Rats!
"Squeak! Lord Ghost Scorpions! Please be merciful! "One of the Ear Rats screamed.
The Ear Rats were an all-pervasive race.
In the Desire Realm, their power could not be underestimated.
Especially the rat-type lifeforms in the Desire Realm. They had a close relationship with the Ear Rats. They were also a power that could not be ignored in Wanling City. They were strong enough to fight against the Ghost Scorpions.
The Ear Rats had formed an indissoluble bond with Luo Zheng in the 13th Heaven. In the Chaotic Origin Great World, the Ear Rats had benefited greatly because of Luo Zheng. They had also been allocated sufficient Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals.
When their all-pervasive spies learned of the news regarding the Great Yi Heaven Palace, they immediately decided to act.
At this moment, they were here to persuade the Ghost Scorpions.
"Show mercy? Are you all daydreaming? "The Ghost Scorpions replied with an indifferent voice.
"Rats from the Southern Region also came to join in the fun? Why don't you take a look at yourself first!"
"Ear Rats, I advise you not to provoke Sir Ghost Scorpions. This is not something you can interfere with!"
The women from the Fragrant Butterfly Clan also ridiculed him.
If it were any other time, the Ghost Scorpions might give some face to the Ear Rats. But today's situation was special. The Ghost Scorpions would naturally not buy it.
"Sir Ghost Scorpions, everything is negotiable. Some prices can be negotiated." The Ear Rats were very generous. No one doubted that they had such wealth.
"This matter is not negotiable. You all should retreat." The Ghost Scorpions coldly replied.
"Sir Ghost Scorpions …"
Just as the Ear Rats were still persisting, Luo Zheng interrupted them. At the same time, he said: "Brothers from the Ear Rats Clan, I appreciate your good intentions. But there are some matters that you should leave to me."
The Ear Rats sitting on the back of the huge rats looked at Luo Zheng with astonishment.
Through the information they obtained previously, "Tian Hang" was very strong. But it should not be strong enough to fight against the Ghost Scorpions.
"Did you hear that? This little guy doesn't want you to interfere. Rats, you'd better get out of here. "The Ghost Scorpions laughed. It seemed to be more and more interested in Luo Zheng. Who knew that Luo Zheng's next sentence would make its body suddenly stiffen.
"Let's continue our topic. Who asked you to kill me? Now tell me the truth. I can give you a quick death." Luo Zheng's voice was neither sad nor happy. It was as if he had already decided on the Ghost Scorpions life.
The Fragrant Butterfly Clan girls behind the Ghost Scorpions were all stunned.
The Ear Rats on the side were also dumbfounded. Even the huge rats under them were staring at Luo Zheng with their eyes wide open.
Only Feng Ge, who was in front of the wooden building, had an indifferent expression.
Thin rays of light that were as thin as needles danced nimbly on her fingertips.

Chapter 3178
In the uneven buildings on both sides of the road, the Nirvana Realm creatures who were lurking and eavesdropping had baffled expressions on their faces.
"What did that human brat say? Did I hear it wrong …"
"He's threatening Master Ghost Scorpion!"
"Oh my god! He must be crazy! "
The Ghost Scorpion might not be the strongest Nirvana Realm creature in the City of Thousands Spirits, but it was definitely a giant. It almost controlled the underground world in the north of the City of Thousands Spirits. Even the City Guards Mansion had no way to deal with it.
Those who dared to provoke it did not need to be repeated. Generally, they would not be able to see the sunrise of the next day.
Luo Zheng dared to be so unscrupulous in front of such an existence. How could the Nirvana Realm creatures understand this?
On the balcony of the oval building three hundred feet away, the Sun Souls of the Bear Clan, Golden Crow Clan, and others heard this. Their faces were full of surprise and confusion.
"That brat's reaction is a bit unexpected …"
"Humph, he's just pretending to be calm when he's about to die!"
"He's going to die anyway. It feels good to play the hero when he's about to die, hehe."
In their eyes, even if Luo Zheng had a physical body, it was impossible for him to fight against the Ghost Scorpion. In order to invite the Ghost Scorpion, they had spent a lot of resources.
After the Ghost Scorpion's body stiffened for a few breaths, it finally let out a burst of dull laughter.
"Hahaha …"
While the Ghost Scorpion was laughing wildly, the Fragrant Butterfly Clan women behind it also laughed.
"The human race is really interesting, I …"
Just as the Ghost Scorpion was still talking, Luo Zheng had already taken a step forward.
With just one step, he had crossed a distance of ten feet and arrived in front of the Ghost Scorpion.
This step was exerted by the heel of his foot. At the same time, the powerful downward pressure made a big pit on the ground. Luo Zheng had already reached out his hand toward the Ghost Scorpion. With a gentle grab, he swept behind the Ghost Scorpion, which was beside the Fragrant Butterfly Clan women.
"If it doesn't tell the truth, I can only let it die in pain," Luo Zheng said softly, "Take it."
He was holding the right arm of the Ghost Scorpion in his hand.
The women of the Fragrant Butterfly Race were originally laughing along with Ghost Scorpion, but they never thought that this would happen.
Their smiles froze on their faces like ice. They looked at the right arm in Luo Zheng's hand in disbelief. A woman from the Fragrant Butterfly Clan couldn't believe her eyes. She glanced at the Ghost Scorpion and found that his right shoulder was indeed empty.
Seeing that the woman from the Fragrant Butterfly Clan wasn't willing to take over, Luo Zheng shook his head and casually threw the severed arm to the ground. He turned around and stomped his foot again.
Boom!
The soft ground made a dull sound again. Under the high pressure, the soil spread out in all directions like waves, forming a bottomless pit. At the same time, Luo Zheng passed by Ghost Scorpion again.
This time, the Ghost Scorpion had time to react.
It was by no means slow, but Luo Zheng's explosive speed had far exceeded its limit.
When Luo Zheng attacked for the second time, the Ghost Scorpion chose to fight back.
Its remaining arm reached out to grab Luo Zheng, and at the same time, it swept its scorpion tail.
"Crack …"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng was already far away from Ghost Scorpion.
Along with the Ghost Scorpion, its right arm also left.
In just two moves, Luo Zheng had already plucked off both of Ghost Scorpion's arms. But Ghost Scorpion didn't seem depressed at all. Instead, it revealed a sinister smile, "Human brat, your speed is indeed beyond my expectations. What a pity …"
The scorpion tail on its back was raised, and the hook on its tail emitted a faint luster.
Ghost Scorpion was most proud of this tail, and its speed was also the fastest.
Just a moment ago, its tail had swept past Luo Zheng's waist. This brat would undoubtedly die.
Who knew that Luo Zheng indifferently replied, "Have you heard of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin?"
"Spirit of Chaotic Origin?" Ghost Scorpion was startled.
Being a 14th Heaven expert, it did not have a thorough understanding of the higher-ups of the Desire Realm. And it had vaguely heard of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin that targeted the Mother Realm. But because it wasn't important, it did not have much of an impression when Luo Zheng mentioned it.
"Just based on your previous attack, it is far from enough to fatigue the Spirit of Chaotic Origin." Luo Zheng shook his head, "It is also not enough to injure me. Furthermore … I am not afraid of a mere poison."
What kind of poison had Luo Zheng not experienced before? How could this Ghost Scorpion's poisonous tail cause any harm to Luo Zheng?
Furthermore, it was almost impossible for the Ghost Scorpion's attack to fatigue the Spirit of Chaotic Origin. It could not cut through his skin either. This was a huge advantage of the Chaotic Origin Realm!
Just as Ghost Scorpion was still trying to understand Luo Zheng's words, two muffled sounds could be heard. Luo Zheng's figure flashed once again!
This time, one of Ghost Scorpion's legs was removed by Luo Zheng.
It lost its balance and fell to the ground.
"Ah ah!"
Behind Ghost Scorpion, those Fragrant Butterfly girls let out a series of screams.
They had finally recovered from their shock. But other than screaming, they did not seem to have any better methods.
Instead, two Fragrant Butterfly girls suddenly flapped their wings, releasing a multi-colored poisonous fog. This poisonous fog could be inhaled through the mouth and nose. Those who inhaled it would be paralyzed and unable to move.
When those Eared Mice saw this poisonous fog, they hurriedly rode their huge rats away.
Luo Zheng continued ignoring the existence of this poisonous fog. He did not care about those Fragrant Butterfly girls. His figure once again circled around Ghost Scorpion.
"Ka!"
Ghost Scorpion's remaining left leg was also removed by Luo Zheng.
"Ka!"
That tail that Ghost Scorpion was so proud of was also removed from its body.
Currently, Ghost Scorpion was only left with a head and a torso. It could not move at all.
Ghost Scorpion lay on the ground. It felt like a dream.
Just a moment ago, it was still thinking about how to deal with this arrogant boy. Now, in just a few breaths, it was almost "dismembered" by Luo Zheng. This scene made it doubt the authenticity of this.
"I'll give you one more chance. Tell me who ordered you to do this," Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng's guess was actually not far from the truth, but he wanted to verify it.
Ghost Scorpion, whose arms, legs, and even tail were cut off, finally felt fear in its heart.
It accepted this commission in a daze and did not expect to jump into such a big trap. It was also very regretful and naturally hated the person who commissioned it.
"It's the Star Falcon Clan! Damn the Star Falcon Clan! "Ghost Scorpion shouted.
Luo Zheng had just arrived at Wanling City and did not have a systematic understanding of the many Nirvana Realm races in the Desire Realm. Naturally, he did not know what the Star Falcon Clan was.
Not far away, an Eared Mouse took the initiative to answer, "The Star Falcon Clan is a big clan in the 14th Heaven. They occupy another big city in the 14th Heaven, Tianshui City. This Star Falcon Clan has always supported the Golden Crow Clan."
The well-informed Eared Mice were naturally clear about this information.
"Golden Crow?" Luo Zheng pursed his lips.
"Let me go …"

Chapter 3179
When the members of the Fragrant Butterfly Clan saw that Master Ghost Scorpion had died, their faces were as ugly as they could be.
Master Ghost Scorpion was the king of the underground world north of the City of Thousands Spirits and was also the person they relied on. If Ghost Scorpion died, it would definitely bring about a huge change!
With their hearts in a mess, they actually forgot to escape and stood in place in a daze.
The several Yang Souls on the balcony of the oval building were also dumbfounded at this moment …
"This Ghost Scorpion's strength is actually so weak?"
"That kid is too strong. The strength of the two is not on the same level at all!"
"My previous judgment was wrong. I have to return to the clan and report it!"
These Yang Souls stayed here to report the news of "Tianhang" and Feng Ge's deaths. They originally thought that it was a done deal, but suddenly there was such a reversal. One could imagine the astonishment in their hearts!
"Buzz …"
A banshee disappeared from the balcony and returned to the Divine Source Continent of the mother world.
Banshees didn't stay in the Hive all the time. Most of the time, they lived in the reddish-gold God's Origin Trees. After the banshee came out of the wide hole in the tree, she spread her wings and flew toward the Hive in the northwest.
When a banshee appeared, there were always countless Golden Crows rising into the sky and flying together. The momentum was extremely great.
Soon, the banshee entered the Hive and knelt in front of Phoenix.
"You mean that Ghost Scorpion of the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven was easily killed by that kid named 'Tianhang'?" Phoenix asked faintly.
"He had no power to fight back."
After witnessing it with her own eyes, this banshee could not hide the shock in her heart.
"I know." Phoenix nodded rather calmly. "It's just Ghost Scorpion. Don't worry. You just have to continue observing. Someone else will take action on your behalf."
The creatures of the Nirvana Realm in the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven were almost at the bottom of the entire Desire Realm. Even if they failed, it was insignificant.
However, this matter had always been in her heart, which made Phoenix quite unhappy.
"Tianhang" was most likely Luo Zheng. Although Phoenix had not yet been able to prove it, it was no longer important. As long as she could get rid of the two, any price was worth it.
Her wings gently rolled up, and her breathtaking eyes closed tightly. She had already escaped into the Nirvana Realm.
…
You Xiong was not the only one who was stunned. The Sun Souls of the Golden Crow Race were also stunned.
The Nirvana Realm creatures who were spying in the dark with the intention of watching a good show had their mouths wide open and were stunned on the spot.
The underground tycoon of the northern part of the city was also a maleficent existence in the Wanling City. Ordinary people, not to mention provoking them, would all avoid Ghost Scorpion, for fear of getting into trouble. Today, he died in front of the stronghold of the Greater One Heavenly Palace without any power to fight back.
In the eyes of the Nirvana creatures, Greater One Heavenly Palace was just an ordinary soul force.
Usually, those filthy Yang Souls were very careful in Wanling City. They were very courteous to any Nirvana Realm living being.
Many of these Nirvana Realm creatures had extorted those Yang souls before. The smaller ones could get dozens or hundreds of Soul Elixirs, while the larger ones could even get a little bit of Soul Crystal!
"That human boy is the helper that Greater One Heavenly Palace found?"
"I've never seen that woman before. That human brat actually entered the Nirvana Realm with his physical body. I haven't seen him for many years …"
"It's over. Not long ago, I extorted 20,000 Soul Elixirs from this whatever Heavenly Palace. If they pursue this matter, won't I be in trouble?"
The Nirvana Realm creatures were not like the people of the mother world. If they wanted to leave, it was just a matter of a thought. If these Nirvana Realm creatures really offended someone, other than leaving Wanling City, they really had no other good place to go.
Similar to the reactions of the other Nirvana Realm creatures, the few Ear Mice sitting on the Giant Rat also looked at the corpse of Ghost Scorpion in a daze. They originally wanted to help Luo Zheng resolve this crisis, but the result was not what they thought at all …
But the shrewd Ear Mice at least had a trace of joy in their hearts.
At least, not only did they have no enmity with Luo Zheng, but they also had a certain friendship with him. And today, if they helped, they should be able to gain more goodwill from Luo Zheng.
"Brothers of the Ear Mouse Clan," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
The leader of the Ear Mice made a "squeak" sound and quickly said, "Brother Tianxing, what's the matter?"
Luo Zheng glanced at the corpse of Ghost Scorpion and asked at the same time, "Since this Ghost Scorpion has occupied the north of the city for so many years, it should have accumulated quite a lot, right?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Ear Mice suddenly quivered.
They were completely shocked by Luo Zheng's attack and did not think in this direction for a moment.
Ghost Scorpion occupied the underground world of the north of the city. Its accumulation over the years could be said to be overflowing with oil. Once it died, the entire underground world of Wanling City would probably be reshuffled.
As long as the news of Ghost Scorpion's death spread to the north of the city, the Nirvana Realm creatures who followed Ghost Scorpion would definitely snatch it up!
"I want half, the other half is yours," Luo Zheng said.
The few Ear Mice looked at each other. The leader of the Ear Mice said directly, "Qiu Yong! Quickly lead the Greater Rat Clan to the north of the city! "
Like Ghost Scorpion, the Ear Mice were active in the underground of Wanling City. However, Ghost Scorpion was located in the north of the city while the Ear Mice were in the south of the city. The two usually did not interfere with each other's business.
Now that Ghost Scorpion was dead, it was naturally an excellent opportunity for the Ear Mice. Not only could they collect Ghost Scorpion's accumulation over the years, but they could also take over Ghost Scorpion's territory. As for Luo Zheng's suggestion, even if they gave him all of it, the Ear Mice would not raise any objections, let alone half!
After the Ear Mouse called "Qiu Yong" heard the order, he rode the Greater Rat Clan and rushed away.
Luo Zheng glanced at the few Fragrant Butterfly Clan women not far away. These Fragrant Butterfly Clan women also tried to attack him with poisonous powder.
However, since Ghost Scorpion was dead, the Fragrant Butterfly Clan could not cause any trouble. He waved at the Fragrant Butterfly Clan women and said, "You can go now."
The Fragrant Butterfly Clan women were stunned again.
They stayed where they were and did not dare to escape, waiting for Luo Zheng's orders.
Luo Zheng let them leave just like that?
For a moment, they could not believe their ears.
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he ignored them and walked toward Feng Ge. For the first time, Feng Ge joked, "These Fragrant Butterfly Clan women are all beautiful and have good figures. You can take them in!"
"Huh? When did you learn to make such a joke? "Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Feng Ge looked a little embarrassed when he heard this.
In just half a year, her personality had become a lot more cheerful.
Sometimes, she would say things that she did not even notice.
When the Fragrant Butterfly Clan women saw that Luo Zheng had no intention of dealing with them, they immediately flapped their wings and prepared to leave as if they had been pardoned.
But at this moment, a burst of whistling sounds could be heard!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
A series of green arrows flew over. These arrows were extremely sharp, and directly pierced through the Fragrant Butterfly Clan women's wings and bodies. In the blink of an eye, the Fragrant Butterfly Clan women were pierced by countless sharp arrows and turned into a hornet's nest.

Chapter 3180
At the intersection, several Nirvana Shore creatures that looked like mole crickets held longbows in their hands and released sharp arrows one after another.
Luo Zheng suddenly heard the movement behind him. He looked back and frowned slightly.
Those arrows didn't shoot at Luo Zheng and Feng Ge. They only killed the Fragrant Butterfly women.
After this round of arrows was released, a tall "Black Bear" appeared behind the mole crickets. This Black Bear was tall and sturdy, and had a mighty and domineering aura. Its pair of green eyes contained an aggressive gaze.
"The City Guards Mansion is here …"
"They came at the right time!"
"The City Guards Mansion and the Ghost Scorpion seem to be at odds. They won't help the Ghost Scorpion, right?"
Some Nirvana Shore creatures who didn't know the situation speculated on their own.
But on the circular terrace, the Sun Souls of bears and Golden Crows all curled up their lips.
Since the Ghost Scorpion wasn't enough to kill Luo Zheng, the City Guards Mansion should be enough!
"Lord City Guards!"
"Squeak! Lord City Guards! "
After seeing the black bear, a few Ear Mice went forward and saluted respectfully.
The City Guards were a special force in the City of Thousands Spirits. Because many Nirvana Shore races lived together in the City of Thousands Spirits, it was very messy and full of contradictions. The City Guards had to formulate a set of effective rules and had to have enough strength to suppress many Nirvana Shore races.
Although the Ear Mice were quite powerful in the south of the city, they still had to respect the City Guards Mansion. They were naturally very polite to this "black bear".
The black bear ignored the Ear Mice. After striding over the bodies of the Fragrant Butterfly women, it glanced at the Ghost Scorpion on the ground and cursed in its heart. Then it stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Did you kill this Ghost Scorpion?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied.
"Do you know the consequences of committing murder in the City of Thousands Spirits?" the black bear asked again.
Hearing this, the Ear Mice knew something was wrong.
One of the Ear Mice came up directly and wanted to explain, "Lord City Guards, this Ghost Scorpion wants to …"
"Get lost!"
The black bear slapped the giant mouse, and the whole giant mouse was sent flying.
Fortunately, the Ear Mouse reacted quickly and jumped down from the Giant Rat's back, thus avoiding the disaster.
However, Black Bear had no intention of killing Ear Mouse. After all, Ear Mouse was only a Yang soul, and that slap was more than enough to shatter its soul. Ear Mouse, on the other hand, was only a Yang soul.
Seeing the black bear being so impolite, Feng Ge's expression turned slightly cold. He silently picked up the long sword that was stabbed into the ground at the side.
Although Luo Zheng didn't show it on his face, there was anger in his breath.
"Do you know the consequences of committing the crime of murder?" Black Bear asked again.
"I don't know," Luo Zheng answered coldly.
Since the visitor was an enemy and not a friend, Luo Zheng naturally did not intend to be polite.
"According to the laws of the City of Thousands Spirits, the City Guards Mansion will naturally arrest you and deal with you accordingly. Please come with me to the City Guards Mansion," Black Bear said again.
"The laws of the City of Thousands Spirits …" Luo Zheng touched his chin, and his eyes fell on the women of the Fragrant Butterfly Clan. He asked, "But the City Guards Mansion came and killed these innocent women of the Fragrant Butterfly Clan. How do you deal with them according to the law?"
Black Bear didn't expect Luo Zheng to use this as an excuse. His face darkened, and he snorted coldly, "Our City Guards Mansion represents the laws of the City of Thousands Spirits. So what if we killed these women of the Fragrant Butterfly Clan?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng sighed softly, "Lord City Guards Mansion said that whoever is strong can represent the laws of the City of Thousands Spirits. Can you understand it this way?"
"That's right!" Black Bear replied decisively.
"Is that so …" Luo Zheng's voice had a hint of a smile, "In that case, from now on, I will represent the laws of the City of Thousands Spirits."
Black Bear didn't understand the meaning of Luo Zheng's words. Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he was already rushing toward it.
When Black Bear discovered Luo Zheng's terrifying speed, its green eyes suddenly widened. Only then did it understand why the Ghost Scorpion had inexplicably died in the hands of this guy!
However, the Ghost Scorpion was after all a creature of the Nirvana Realm that lived underground. In terms of real strength, it still couldn't be compared with the City Guards Mansion!
Black Bear roared and unfolded a pair of sharp claws, one from the left and one from the right.
If Luo Zheng didn't want to be smashed into meat paste, he could only choose to retreat!
However, Luo Zheng had no intention of retreating at all. When he rushed to the front of Black Bear, his hands clasped the two palms of Black Bear at lightning speed, one from the left and one from the right.
"This …" For the first time, panic appeared in Black Bear's green eyes.
In terms of strength, there were few creatures in the Fourteenth Heaven who could be its opponent!
However, when this human boy clasped his hands, it felt that this human boy's hands were like two iron gates that couldn't be opened. They didn't move at all!
"It turns out that the strength of 2,300 Heavenly Jun can represent the laws of the City of Thousands Spirits …" Luo Zheng's words were full of disappointment.
Black Bear clenched its teeth and suddenly raised its palms, lifting Luo Zheng along with it. At the same time, it turned around and placed Luo Zheng in front of those mole cricket archers. At the same time, it roared, "Shoot him to death!"
These mole cricket archers were the elites of the City Guards Mansion. The Aquamarine Bow they used had extremely strong penetrating power. Even if this human boy had the Divine Power of God, he still couldn't withstand the concentrated shooting of the Aquamarine Bow.
However, when Black Bear finished roaring, it was dumbfounded.
Those mole cricket archers and the Aquamarine Bow in their hands had been shattered into pieces. Yellowish brown blood flowed within those shattered pieces.
At the end of the shattered pieces, Feng Ge was wiping the sword in his hand while staring at Luo Zheng, "Let me have a try too. How strong are the laws of this City of Thousands Spirits?"
"Catch properly!"
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. He clasped the hands of the Black Bear and lifted it up. The Paramita Energy of 3,000 Heavenly Jun burst out!
"Shua!"
That Black Bear was tossed into midair and smashed towards Feng Ge.
When he was at the Thirteenth Heaven, Luo Zheng could not bring the Sealing Stone Solution into the Paramita Realm. The strength of his fleshy body was limited. The strength he could unleash was below 1,000 Heavenly Jun. When he met those weak Paramita Lifeforms like the Li Yuan Clan, Luo Zheng could easily suppress them.
But after reaching the Thirteenth Heaven Dark Domain, this bit of strength was not enough.
Most likely, even Nuwa would have never thought that the one who benefited the most from reaching the Chaotic Origin Realm would be Luo Zheng!
When the Desolate Gods were not restricted, they could rely on the Body Destroying Star Jades to temper their fleshy bodies after entering the Paramita Realm.
But Luo Zheng relied on the Chaotic Origin Spirit to reach the Heavens in a single step.
Without mentioning the strength of that Three-eyed Boy and Huge Ape, many of the Dark Domain lifeforms were stronger than Luo Zheng.

Chapter 3181
The Black Bear was tossed into midair by Luo Zheng. It felt the world spinning around it.
As it fell, it saw itself being tossed towards that delicate human girl. It felt joy in its heart.
This human brat's strength was unreasonably strong. But it was impossible for this human girl to be on par with that brat, right?
On the contrary, the Black Bear did not expect Feng Ge to be so strong just by relying on his fleshy body. If Luo Zheng did not rely on the Chaotic Origin Spirit, it was impossible for him to be Feng Ge's opponent in the Paramita Realm.
A cold intent flashed across Feng Ge's eyes. He twirled the sword in his hand. That skirt made of light fluttered, outlining that slender yet voluptuous figure.
That seemingly weak body suddenly burst out with a terrifying strength. Veins bulged on that white skin that was almost transparent, forming an impactful image.
"Kill!"
The Great Yi Heavenly Palace's accumulation in the Fourteenth Heaven was too weak. That sword that Feng Ge found was too weak. How could it withstand such a powerful strength?
When this sword was slashed out, the surface of the sword crumbled, turning into sword-shaped fragments.
But the crescent-shaped sword light had already formed. It wrapped around these sword-shaped fragments and slashed towards the Black Bear!
The 'Black Bear' was thinking of threatening this human girl to escape. But who would have thought that this girl's explosive strength was even more terrifying than that human brat!
Other than being shocked, the Black Bear's mind was filled with bewilderment.
How the hell did these two humans pop out from?!
"Pu chi!"
The sword light slashed out by Feng Ge did not deviate. It cut through the chest of the Black Bear, slicing it into two.
After slashing out, Feng Ge pushed off the ground with the tip of his feet. His figure retreated rapidly. He had a look of disgust as he avoided the blood spurting out from the Black Bear's body.
The area around the stronghold of the Heavenly Palace was originally noisy.
But now, those Paramita Realm beings seemed to have discussed it beforehand. They maintained their silence.
On that circular balcony, the Sun Souls of the Black Bear, Shennong, and Golden Crow remained motionless. There was a bitter taste by the edge of their lips.
"That Feng Ge is participating in the Chaotic Origin Great World with us …"
"Why is she so powerful when she just entered the Fourteenth Heaven?! Her strength in the Mother World might not be stronger than mine! "
"What about the other human kid called 'Tian Xing'? He's probably Luo Zheng. Don't you think he's stronger than you? "
Some of these people had participated in the Battle of Chaotic Origin Great World. Some were like the old man from the Land of Sword Grief – clansmen who stayed behind to guard the Fourteenth Heaven. Naturally, they had heard of the shocking battle between Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
What they were concerned about was whether Luo Zheng was killed or not. To the other Nirvana Realm creatures, Luo Zheng's killing of the black bear might have a different meaning.
Even though there were many Nirvana Realm clans in the Myriad Spirit City, there were a total of three clans that controlled the Myriad Spirit City. They were the Black Bear Clan, the Giant Clan, and the Attracting Weasel Clan. In the past, the Giant Clan had always held the absolute initiative in the Myriad Spirit City.
But in recent years, the Black Bear Clan had suddenly emerged. As they grew stronger and stronger, after a series of intense battles, the City Guard Manor finally fell into the hands of the Black Bear Clan. Lord City Guard was the commander of the Black Bear Clan and was equivalent to the king of the Myriad Spirit City.
When he said that he could represent the laws of the Myriad Spirit City, he wasn't exaggerating.
If killing Ghost Scorpion could cause a huge tremor in the North of the city, then the death of Lord City Guard would cause a huge tremor in the entire Myriad Spirit City!
Not far away …
The three Attracting Weasel Clan members revealed an excited glint in their eyes.
The Attracting Weasel Clan was once a big clan in the Fourteenth Heaven. But in these years of battles with the Black Bear Clan, the Attracting Weasel Clan had a hard time.
"Zhi zhi … to think that the Black Bear Clan would have such a day!"
"Hmph! The Black Bear Clan relied on the power of the Upper Heaven to suppress us! Now, they are suffering retribution! "
"Then what should we do now?"
"These two humans are very powerful, but they are only passers-by in the Fourteenth Heaven. We, the Attracting Weasel Clan, have the ability to help them! I will go back and report to the chief! You two continue to stay here! "
One of the Attracting Weasel Clan members flew out with a whoosh, turning into a stream of light and disappearing at the corner of the street.
In addition to the Attracting Weasel Clan, the other Nirvana Realm clans were also on the move.
The news of the City Guard's crushing defeat quickly spread in the Myriad Spirit City …
After glancing at the wooden building, Luo Zheng looked at the Ear Mouse and asked, "This shabby house is too shabby to be the stronghold of the Heavenly Palace. I wonder if the brothers of the Ear Mouse Clan have any suggestions?"
The Ear Mice were all very shrewd. The death of Lord City Guard meant that the era of the Black Bear Clan's rule over the Myriad Spirit City had come to an end. The Myriad Spirit City would usher in a new era today.
"This place is indeed not worthy of the Greater One Heavenly Palace. I know a place that is suitable to be the stronghold of the Greater One Heavenly Palace!" One of the Ear Mice respectfully replied.
"Please lead the way." Luo Zheng waved his hand.
"If you don't mind, Your Excellency Tianhang and His Highness Feng Ge can ride the giant rats of my Rat Clan!"
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge did not refuse. With a leap, they were already sitting on the backs of the giant rats.
The two giant rats looked ferocious, but they had been basically tamed by the Ear Mice. Like two big horses, they steadily carried the two people out of the path and along the widest road of the Myriad Spirit City all the way to the end!
Because of the large number of clans, no matter who was chosen as the City Lord of the Myriad Spirit City, it would arouse the dissatisfaction of many big clans of the Nirvana Shore. The final compromise of many big clans was the City Guard Mansion, and the City Guard Mansion was actually the City Lord of the Myriad Spirit City.
The black bear was able to monopolize the City Guard Mansion because of its fierce strength and support from the higher-ups of the Nirvana Shore. The Black Bear Clan alone was nothing.
Just as Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were leisurely heading to the City Guard Mansion, the Myriad Spirit City was also surging with undercurrents.
The underground cave in the north of the city was forcibly taken over by the Ear Mice Clan!
The Tail Insect Clan and the other Scorpion Clan members who resisted were all killed by the Ear Mice Clan.
Of course, the Ear Mice Clan did not have this ability, but the Greater Rat Clan and the Whale-Swallowing Rat Clan in the Myriad Spirit City had very strong combat power. With the death of the Ghost Scorpion, its subordinates were just a motley crew.
The entire underground world in the north of the city was filled with blood and stench. The Ear Mice Clan had also plundered the Ghost Scorpion's many years of savings.
When the Black Bear Clan learned that their Clan Leader had been killed, they quickly responded. This clan even began to gather the powerhouses in the clan, intending to fight to the death with the man and woman from the Human Clan. However, before the Black Bear Clan could step out of the gate, they were jointly strangled by the Giant Clan and the Weasel Clan. Even the Black Bear Clan members who stayed in the City Guard Mansion were slaughtered.

Chapter 3182
Wanling City was also a very ancient city. Its history could be traced back to hundreds of chaos eras ago.
The luxurious City Guards Mansion might not be worth mentioning in the mother world, but it was very rare in the Nirvana Realm. Temples in the Fourth Heaven and strongholds in the Thirteenth Heaven couldn't be compared to it.
The Weasel Tribe was very smart. After learning that the City Guard had died, they joined forces with the Giant Tribe to quickly clear out the Black Bear Tribe.
The Weasel Tribe didn't try to touch the resources in the City Guards Mansion.
The purpose of the Weasel Tribe was to control Wanling City, but Luo Zheng and even the Taiyi Heavenly Palace behind Luo Zheng didn't want to stay in the Fourteenth Heaven forever. There was no conflict between the two.
Therefore, the Weasel Tribe was willing to hand over the City Guards Mansion to Luo Zheng to show their greatest sincerity.
"This dress …"
"This one …"
"And this one …"
Coming out of the Dark Domain, Feng Ge covered his body with clothes made of light, but the light wasn't a real thing after all. And Feng Ge wasn't like Luo Zheng, who was just a vague shape and whose original appearance couldn't be seen clearly, so it didn't matter if he was naked.
Although he was getting more and more skilled in the Infinite Heavenly Light, and it didn't matter if the clothes made of light covered his body, it wasn't a solution.
The City Guards Mansion also kept the women of the Fragrant Butterfly Tribe, and some female clothes were prepared.
But these clothes looked too open. After picking for a long time, he couldn't find a suitable one.
"Squeak! Your Highness Feng Ge, we'll let the servants make human clothes for you now. It will only take half a day! " A Weasel Tribe member left in a hurry after learning of Feng Ge's request.
Feng Ge threw the clothes that couldn't cover his body on the ground, left the room, and went to the backyard.
In the backyard, all kinds of divine weapons were neatly arranged in a row.
Luo Zheng looked at it, and there was a hint of disappointment in his eyes. He asked, "Logically speaking, a considerable part of the Nirvana Realm came from the former chaos civilization. When they fled to the Nirvana Realm, they should have brought the top magic weapons of that time. Why are there only these left in the Fourteenth Heaven?
Some scrap metal? "
In Luo Zheng's eyes, these "divine weapons" couldn't even be called scrap metal. The only bright spot was the Jade Qilin Bow used by the mole cricket archers. It was said that the Jade Qilin Bow was made from the cocoon silk of the mole cricket clan and was only suitable for the mole cricket clan to use.
And just as Luo Zheng thought, there should be many godly weapons similar to the 'Sword of Tengshe' in the past, but not a single one could be found in the Fourteenth Heaven.
The Eunuch Tribe was a native of the Nirvana Realm and did not know much about Chaos. Naturally, they could not answer Luo Zheng's question.
A mouse replied instead. "According to my knowledge, those Natural Spirit Treasures are basically in the hands of numerous great figures, and those great figures have already headed to a higher level. So, it's naturally impossible for them to leave those treasures behind at the 14th level."
"Squeak, that is indeed the case …" Another Ear Mouse chimed in.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly. It seemed that it would not be easy to find a suitable long sword in the Fourteenth Heaven.
When he stepped forward to weigh a long sword with a thin handle, Feng Ge happened to step into the backyard. Luo Zheng smiled at her and threw the long sword directly to Feng Ge.
Feng Ge held the long sword in her hand and fiddled with it gently. The long sword made a squeaking sound and directly broke in the middle …
She blinked her eyes and immediately smiled. "These things are completely useless!"
When the Eunuch Tribe and the Ear Mouse Tribe saw this scene, their faces were full of disappointment. It was obviously because her strength was too strong!
"Is there not a single good long sword in the entire Fourteenth Heaven?" Feng Ge said somewhat gloomily.
A Eunuch Tribe hesitated for a moment and then said, "There is. The Heluo Tribe of the Wanling City was once a famous weaponsmith. The divine weapons they made were not bad, but the Heluo Tribe moved to Tianshui City hundreds of years ago …"
"Tianshui City … Star Falcon Tribe?" Luo Zheng murmured.
He knew that the Star Falcon Tribe was behind the Ghost Scorpion looking for him, and the City Guards Mansion following the Ghost Scorpion should also be from the Star Falcon Tribe.
You Xiong and the Golden Crow's determination to kill him was very strong. They would not give up easily.
However, Luo Zheng was not in a hurry. It seemed that the Star Falcon Tribe would come to him soon …
"Let's not worry about that for now. My colleagues are still in the Mother World. We can let them return now," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
…
…
At this moment, the Land of Sword Grief was also in a state of panic, especially those disciples who were ranked at the bottom.
The Second Floor and the Third Floor were still fine. They were generally active in the Upper Heavens of the Other Shore and basically did not need to return to the Fourteenth Heaven.
But the disciples of the First Floor were different. Most of the disciples of the First Floor wandered at the bottom of the Desire Realm, and the stronghold in the Fourteenth Heaven was a gathering place, just like the temple in the Fourth Heaven.
Just because of the appearance of this group of new disciples, such a big problem had arisen. How could they be in a good mood?
"It's all those newcomers' fault!"
"They are so stubborn even though they have no strength … I'm now in the Fifteenth Heaven, and I don't dare to go back!"
"You're lucky, but I'm outside the Zuma Temple in the Fourteenth Heaven. I don't dare to go back to the Wanling City now. I'll probably be caught as soon as I enter the city …"
"You can't blame the other newcomers. If you want to blame someone, blame Luo Zheng and His Highness Feng Ge. If you have the ability, why don't you go and find trouble with them?"
In just one day, Luo Zheng was already at the top of the First Floor's Ranking Stone. These people did not have the ability to find trouble with Luo Zheng at all. As for His Highness Feng Ge … Not to mention his strength, with his status here, who would dare to go?
"Sigh, I don't know how Luo Zheng and His Highness Feng Ge are doing now," Fang Wei said with a sigh.
Although his emotions in the stronghold were intense, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were still people of the Heavenly Palace. Although both of them had physical bodies, Fang Wei felt his scalp tingle when he thought of those tyrannical Nirvana Realm creatures.
Many of the newcomers just stood aside without saying a word.
Chou Xinghe could not bear to listen anymore and finally said, "Can you have some confidence in Luo Zheng and His Highness Feng Ge?"
"Yes, His Highness Feng Ge is also a Nirvana Realm creature. He should be able to fight against them, right?" Mo Yijian also said with Chou Xinghe.
Fang Wei sneered and said, "It may be rare to enter the Nirvana Realm with physical bodies in this era, but it is said that there were many before the True Meaning of Divine Body was banned! Who can fight against those powerful Nirvana Realm creatures when they just entered the Fourteenth Heaven? "

Chapter 3183
Just as the disciples in the Land of Sword Grief were feeling uneasy, a door in the leftmost row of secret cultivation rooms was pushed open, and Feng Ge stepped out of it.
Even though Feng Ge had a special status, her room and ranking in the Land of Sword Grief were according to the rules.
"Prince Feng Ge?"
"Prince Feng Ge is out!"
"Could he have escaped?"
In the eyes of the elders on the first floor, Feng Ge was doomed to be defeated by the Ghost Scorpion. As long as he was not stopped by the Soul-entangling Silk, it was normal for him to escape at the critical moment.
Fang Wei stepped forward, cupped his hands and asked, "Prince Feng Ge, how is the situation in Wanling City now?"
Feng Ge glanced at Fang Wei coldly and said calmly, "It's all right. Luo Zheng asked me to inform you that you can return to the stronghold."
"What?"
"We can go back now?"
"What about the Ghost Scorpion …"
Feng Ge was cold by nature. Except in front of Luo Zheng, how could he be willing to explain so much to these people?
She turned around and returned to her secret cultivation room. With a bang, she closed the door of the secret cultivation room.
"Prince Feng Ge!"
"Your Highness Feng Ge, what exactly happened in Wan Ling City?"
The elders on the first floor had strange expressions on their faces.
No matter how they shouted in front of Feng Ge's secret cultivation room, Feng Ge did not open the door.
Now they were even more confused …
"What should we do now?" someone asked.
What if the matter in Wanling City was not solved? If they rushed into the Nirvana Realm, wouldn't they be caught? That was no different from courting death.
"Since Prince Feng Ge said that the matter in Wanling City has been solved, then we should return to the Nirvana Realm," Chou Xue suddenly said.
"Yes, I believe that Prince Feng Ge would not lie," Mo Yijian also said with a smile.
Fang Wei looked hesitant. "Could it be that Luo Zheng was kidnapped by the Ghost Scorpion and asked Feng Ge to lure us into the Nirvana Realm so that they could kill us all in one fell swoop?"
When Fang Wei's words came out, everyone fell silent.
Although this possibility was very small, it was indeed possible. No one was willing to gamble with their lives.
"If you don't dare to go, I'll go ahead and find out." Ling Shuang's voice drifted over.
The elders of the Sword of Grief all looked at Ling Shuang.
"I'll go first too," Chou Xue said firmly.
"There's nothing to be afraid of," Mo Yijian said with a smile.
Those who had a good relationship with Luo Zheng already trusted Luo Zheng unconditionally. They believed that Luo Zheng would never let others fall into such a big trap.
Ling Shuang leaned against the wall of the bronze palace and sat down cross-legged. Just as she was about to enter the other side, Fang Wei stopped her and cautiously said, "Your Highness Ling Shuang, your body is precious. It is not suitable for you to take such a risk …"
As he spoke, he looked at Chou Xue not far away.
Ling Shuang and Feng Ge had special statuses. If anything happened to them, it would bring trouble to the Sword of Grief.
In Fang Wei's mind, the best candidate was still Chou Xue …
How could Chou Xue not understand Fang Wei's meaning?
Fortunately, he was a reasonable person. He only smiled helplessly. "Looks like I'll have to go first."
Thus, Chou Xue also sat down cross-legged against the wall like Ling Shuang. He closed his eyes and channeled the Sword of Eternity.
"Buzz!"
In the blink of an eye, Chou Xue had already entered the Nirvana Realm.
Chou Xue returned to the Heavenly Palace stronghold. It was empty.
When he walked out of the stronghold, he found that there was nothing but a little blood on the path outside.
"What's going on …"
Just as Chou Xue was puzzled, a voice sounded. "You're a disciple of the Heavenly Palace, right?"
Not far away, a huge rat stood. On the back of the huge rat sat the Yang Soul of an Ear Rat.
Chou Martyrdom had interacted with the Ear Mice when he was in the Chaotic Origin Great World. When he saw the Ear Mice, he felt a strand of familiarity. He then replied: "Yes, I wonder what happened to this brother from the Ear Mouse Clan?"
The Ear Rat did not answer directly. Instead, he asked, "Why are you the only disciple of the Heavenly Palace?"
Luo Zheng had instructed that there were more than a hundred new disciples. He asked the Ear Rats to bring these people directly to the City Guard Hall.
Chou Xue did not know what happened in the Myriad Spirits City, but he was too embarrassed to say that he did not dare to enter. Thus, he said, "They will be here soon. I'll go and inform them."
Thus, Chou Xue could only leave the Paramita Shore.
Fang Wei and the others were watching Chou Xue closely. They were afraid that Chou Xue would die in the Paramita Shore.
Seeing Chou Xue suddenly open his eyes, Fang Wei and the others were shocked.
"Chou Xue! How is the Paramita Shore now? "Fang Wei asked.
"It's fine." Chou Xue shrugged. "There's nothing except for some blood on the ground."
"What about Luo Zheng and His Highness Feng Ge?" Fang Wei asked again.
Ling Shuang's eyes also flickered. Although she believed in Luo Zheng's ability, she was still a little worried.
"I didn't see anyone. There was only the Ear Rat at the scene. The Ear Rat told everyone to go back to the Paramita Shore, so I came back." Chou Xue recounted what he saw.
This time, Fang Wei and the other disciples on the first floor were puzzled. They had no idea what happened in the Myriad Spirits City.
"If you are afraid, you don't have to go in. The new disciples can follow me to the Paramita Shore. I promise there won't be any problems," Chou Xue said loudly. Thus, he escaped into the Paramita Shore again.
The new disciples of the Land of Sword Grief had more confidence in Luo Zheng after all.
Thus, they followed Chou Xue and escaped into the Paramita Shore.
Seeing this scene, Fang Wei finally sighed silently. He gritted his teeth and said, "Let's go in and take a look!"
Seeing Fang Wei like this, he was really going to go all out.
Thus, the elders of the Land of Sword Grief also sat down cross-legged on the aisle and escaped into the Paramita Shore.
"Buzz …"
In the Heavenly Palace's stronghold, Yang Souls were constantly condensing and taking shape.
After Fang Wei entered the Paramita Shore, he was the first to walk out of the stronghold. He also saw the Ear Rat.
"Squeak! It seems that the people of the Heavenly Palace are all here, "the Ear Rat said politely." Come with me! "
"Go? Where to? "Fang Wei asked, puzzled.
"You'll know when you get there," the Ear Rat squeaked.
Even if they couldn't see anything in front of the stronghold, Fang Wei and the other elders were in a mess. Who knew if this was a trap.
But Fang Wei had already decided to go all out!
If there really was any trouble, he would quickly retreat from the Paramita Shore. Anyway, things had already turned out this way. At worst, he wouldn't go to the Paramita Shore for the rest of his life.
Thus, under Fang Wei's lead, the people of the Land of Sword Grief followed the Ear Rat. They went from the small path to the main road and walked along the main road.
The earthquake in the Myriad Spirits City was still fermenting.
Many of the Paramita Shore races in the city already knew about the Greater One Heavenly Palace.

Chapter 3184
"Fang Wei, what's the matter with those Nirvana Realm creatures? Why are they staring at us like this?" An old man from the Land of Sword Grief felt very uncomfortable being stared at and whispered.
Fang Wei also had a baffled expression on his face.
In the past, they were very careful when entering and exiting the City of Thousands Spirits, but these Nirvana Realm creatures had always flaunted their strength, and there was even a trace of disdain in their eyes.
Today, there seemed to be a 180-degree change. What was with the awe in their eyes?
Were they afraid of the Sun Soul?
What Fang Wei didn't know was that these Nirvana Realm creatures were naturally not afraid of the Sun Soul.
They were afraid of Luo Zheng and Feng Ge who had occupied the City Guards Mansion!
Along the way, the hearts of Fang Wei and the others were in a state of turmoil. They were extremely perturbed and perplexed.
Not long after, they had reached the end of the road, and there was a magnificent building at the end.
"City Guards Mansion?"
Fang Wei came to the front of the City Guards Mansion, and he was a little confused.
"Luo Zheng couldn't have provoked the City Guards Mansion, and then brought us here to catch all of them in one fell swoop, right?" Another old man from the Land of Sword Grief asked.
Fang Wei just wanted to answer that it was possible, but on second thought, it didn't make sense logically.
Taiyi Heavenly Palace was cautious and conscientious, and contributed a lot to the City Guards Mansion every year. It was absolutely impossible to provoke the City Guards, and Luo Zheng provoked the Ghost Scorpion this time. The Ghost Scorpion had always been at odds with the City Guards Mansion.
"Could it be that the City Guards Mansion saved His Highness Feng Ge and Luo Zheng?" Fang Wei thought.
Once he figured this out, Fang Wei immediately believed his own analysis, and whispered to the people around him, "It must be so!"
"The City Guards Mansion has always wanted to kill the Ghost Scorpion, but the Ghost Scorpion had always been hiding in the underground world in the north of the city, and the City Guards Mansion couldn't do anything about it. This time, the Ghost Scorpion made a move, and the City Guards Mansion naturally took the opportunity to kill the Ghost Scorpion!"
"That Luo Zheng is really lucky …"
Who knew that the person beside him suddenly asked, "Even if the City Guards Mansion killed the Ghost Scorpion, why did they invite us here?"
This question stumped Fang Wei once again.
The City Guards Manor was the actual controller of Wanling City. Normally, they would not pay any attention to these Yang souls of the Heavenly Palace.
What did they have to deserve the City Guards Manor's invitation?
"Let's not think too much about it. The City Guards Mansion wouldn't kill the innocent like the Ghost Scorpion!" Fang Wei couldn't figure it out, so he stopped thinking about it.
Everyone entered the City Lord's Mansion.
In the mansion, more than ten giants stood in two rows, motionless like iron towers.
Continuing forward, the weasel tribesmen stood on both sides.
These Nirvana Realm creatures were the elites of the two big clans. Their aura was strong and their expressions were sharp. On normal days, they would be considered as the strongest in Wanling City. However, at this moment, they could only stand guard in front of the City Guard Mansion.
Such extravagance made Fang Wei and the others more and more shocked. At the same time, they also had a new question in their minds: The City Guards Mansion had been under the control of the Dark Bear Tribe all these years, so why was there no sign of them in the mansion?
After the group entered the main hall, Fang Wei looked towards the seat of honor. Just as he was about to bow respectfully, he froze.
Fang Wei wasn't the only one who was dumbfounded. Many of the elders of the Sword of Grief were dumbfounded as well.
Luo Zheng was sitting on the seat of honor in the main hall.
Feng Ge was sitting on the other side indifferently. In front of her, there was a long black table with food from the Nirvana Realm placed on it. There were some fresh and juicy fruits and so on. She casually picked up a fruit and stuffed it into her mouth. Her pair of eyes coldly glanced at Fang Wei and the others.
"Feng, Feng, Feng Ge, Her Highness …"
After a while, Fang Wei recovered from his dumbfounded state. His tone was very respectful!
Although Feng Ge's status was special, the people of the Sword of Grief were all arrogant. In their hearts, they only thought that Feng Ge had an extraordinary background. The usual kind of respect was just because of her status. However, Fang Wei's respect now was completely different from other times!
As for Luo Zheng …
Although Fang Wei and the others clearly felt that the person in the seat of honor whose appearance couldn't be seen clearly was Luo Zheng, they didn't dare to believe it!
Why could Luo Zheng sit on that seat!
Only the City Guard, the ruler of the Wanling City, was qualified to sit on that seat.
"Everyone, there's no need to be so restrained, right?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Luo Zheng, what's going on …" Fang Wei wanted to hear an explanation.
"Nothing much." Feng Ge stuffed a dark red fruit into her mouth. The cold and soft jam bloomed in her mouth, accompanied by a delicate fragrance. The food in the Nirvana Realm might not be better than in the Mother World, but this time, it had a different flavor. "We killed the Ghost Scorpion, and the City Guard Mansion came to find trouble with us.
I'm guessing that there must be someone behind this instigation from the Bear and Golden Crow Clan. "
"The City Guard Mansion came to find trouble with you?"
Fang Wei and the other elders were stunned, and their hearts trembled again.
"However, the City Guard Mansion's City Guard Mansion was also killed by us. This City Guard Mansion naturally belongs to us," Feng Ge added casually.
Many of the newcomers were still okay. After all, it was their first time in the Desire Realm, and they didn't know how fierce the struggle between the Nirvana Realm creatures was.
However, when Fang Wei and the others heard Feng Ge's casual words, they were immediately stunned.
They associated all kinds of strange feelings along the way, and the awe in the eyes of the Nirvana Realm creatures. They weren't in awe of the Heavenly Palace disciples, but Luo Zheng and Feng Ge!
"Then doesn't this City Guard Mansion belong to us?" Chou Xue asked with a smile.
"Yes, this is our new stronghold of the Heavenly Palace. That wooden building is too shabby," Luo Zheng said with a smile. "So I told everyone not to be so restrained!"
After hearing Luo Zheng's words, Chou Xue and the other new disciples completely relaxed at this moment.
No matter what, Luo Zheng could guarantee their safety. It was naturally a good thing to use this place as a stronghold of the Heavenly Palace.
However, Fang Wei and the other elders in the Land of Sword Grief still felt like they were in a dream.
At this moment, an Ear Mouse stepped into the City Guard Mansion's main hall and bowed to Luo Zheng. "Squeak, the accumulation of Ghost Scorpion over the years has been accounted for. There are five hundred Soul Crystals, five hundred and twenty pieces of Body Dipper Jade, and twenty thousand Soul Elixirs! In addition, there are … "
Ghost Scorpion had been entrenched in the north of the city for so many years, so he naturally accumulated a lot of things. Although after Ghost Scorpion's death, his subordinates took away a lot when they dispersed, most of them were still left underground. Moreover, the Ear Mice moved very quickly. Within an hour after Ghost Scorpion's death, they had already killed their way into the underground world of the north of the city.
Naturally, they searched the rest of the world clean.
Fang Wei and the others were extremely shocked when they heard the number reported by the Ear Mouse, but Luo Zheng just calmly waved his hand and said, "You don't have to report it in full detail. These are all shared with your Ear Mouse Clan …"

Chapter 3185
Of course, Fang Wei didn't want Luo Zheng to be so generous. After all, according to the rules of the Land of Sword Grief, if there was any harvest in the Nirvana Realm, a part of it must be handed over to the Heavenly Palace as reserves.
Luo Zheng glanced at Fang Wei and sneered, "Land of Sword Grief? I wonder what the disciples of the Land of Sword Grief were doing when the Ghost Scorpions came? "
Everyone in the Land of Sword Grief was like a coward, hiding in their mother world and not daring to enter the Nirvana Realm.
"The brothers of the Ear Mouse Clan tried to persuade the Ghost Scorpions, hoping that they wouldn't attack me. After I killed them, they took the initiative to go to the underground world in the north of the city. Tell me, what's wrong with giving it to the Ear Mouse Clan?" Luo Zheng asked.
When the Ear Mice heard this, their eyes were filled with gratitude.
Although they couldn't stop the Ghost Scorpions, at least Luo Zheng owed them a favor.
Fang Wei gritted his teeth and said, "Then … Her Highness Feng Ge also contributed to this matter. Her Highness Feng Ge is our Taiyi Heavenly Palace's …"
As the daughter of the East Emperor, Feng Ge naturally had her share of responsibility.
But why would Feng Ge care about Fang Wei?
She gently bit another berry and said expressionlessly, "It's all Luo Zheng's credit. I didn't do anything."
She cleanly rejected Fang Wei's reason. In the end, Fang Wei could only hang his head and say nothing.
The Ear Mice had just finished dealing with the underground world in the north of the city when two Nirvana Realm creatures, one tall and one short, entered the hall. The tall one was the leader of the Giant Clan, Blood Roar, and the short one was the leader of the Weasel Clan, Chidian.
This time, the two clans worked together to clean up the Dark Bear Clan. It was the orders of the two leaders.
They didn't only clean up the Dark Bear Clan in the City Guards Mansion, they also cleaned up the Dark Bear Clan's nest in the south of the city.
The Black Bear Tribe was not as powerful as the Giant Tribe and the Luring Weasel Tribe in the Wanling City. It was only because the strength of the Black Bear Tribe's leader had improved by leaps and bounds that he was able to take over the City Guards Mansion after suppressing the other two tribes!
When the two introduced themselves, Fang Wei and the others were secretly shocked. Even the two big clans of the Ten Thousand Spirit City were respectful to Luo Zheng, so what they said before should be true.
"Patriarchs, what brings you here?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Creak! I have joined forces with the Giant Tribe to clear out the accumulated wealth of the Black Bear Tribe over the years. Please accept it, Your Excellency, "Red Lightning of the Weasel Tribe said as he winked at a nearby Weasel Tribe member.
The tribesman took out a list of items and handed it to Luo Zheng without asking.
Luo Zheng just glanced at it casually and handed the list to Feng Ge. The harvest of occupying Wanling City was indeed beyond Luo Zheng's imagination.
"I wonder if Your Excellency plans to stay in Wanling City in the future, or leave the 14th Layer of Heaven after improving your cultivation?" Red Lightning asked again.
This was the main purpose of Red Lightning and Blood Roar's visit.
Even if the City Guards Mansion was the stronghold of the Heavenly Palace, it would have no impact on the Nirvana Realm creatures.
What the Weasel Tribe and the Giant Tribe wanted was the control of Wanling City.
Luo Zheng was not a Nirvana Realm creature, so he would leave the 14th Layer of Heaven sooner or later. This opportunity was left to the two big clans.
"Stay in Wanling City?" Luo Zheng thought for a while and said, "That's a good idea."
Hearing this, Red Lightning and Blood Roar looked at each other at the same time, with a hint of bitterness in their eyes.
If Luo Zheng really intended to control Wanling City, it was not a good thing for them.
That was just changing from the Weasel Tribe to Luo Zheng …
Seeing the two leaders' faces, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "But I'm not a Nirvana Realm creature, and improving my cultivation is the right way. Of course, I can't stay here for long. Taking care of Wanling City is not something I'm good at. If the two leaders are willing to help me, I'll be very grateful."
Red Lightning and Blood Roar's eyes flashed, and they suddenly smiled. Red Lightning even saluted like a human and said, "If so, the Weasel Tribe is willing."
Managing such a big city naturally had many benefits.
But it was unrealistic to let Luo Zheng or even the disciples of the Land of Sword Grief manage it. The best result was for the two local clans to do it.
At this time, Blood Roar, who had been silent, suddenly said in a dull voice, "As far as I know, the Weasel Tribe and the Star Falcon Tribe in Tianshui City are inextricably linked. If we eliminate the Weasel Tribe here, I'm afraid the Star Falcon Tribe will come to us. I wonder if Your Excellency has any way to deal with it?"
The Weasel Tribe and the Giant Tribe knew very well that the Weasel Tribe was supported by the Star Falcon Tribe.
Now the Weasel Tribe had been eliminated, but the Star Falcon Tribe was more powerful. If they directly came to Wanling City, Luo Zheng and the others could easily retreat from the Nirvana Realm, but the Weasel Tribe and the Giant Tribe would be miserable.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng looked at Ear Mouse with an inquiring look.
Even though Luo Zheng was able to guess most of the relationship between the two parties, the Ear Mice were the most reliable source of information for him.
"Squeak! This time, when the Ghost Scorpion attacked Your Excellency Tianhang, it was the Star Falcon Tribe who secretly stepped in. But after the Ghost Scorpion was defeated, they directly let the Weasel Tribe take action. "Ear Mouse continued," The Star Falcon Tribe has a very good relationship with the Golden Crow Tribe. The strongholds of the Weasel Tribe, Shennong Tribe, Golden Crow Tribe, Minyue Tribe, and other clans are built in Tianshui City! "
"I understand," Luo Zheng nodded, and a trace of coldness gradually appeared in his eyes, "I must go to Tianshui City, but if the Star Falcon Tribe dares to come, it's exactly what I want. Chiefs, rest assured that if I leave the 14th Heaven, I will definitely eliminate the Star Falcon Tribe."
He had just entered the Desire Realm, and the Weasel Tribe, Golden Crow Tribe, and other clans tried to suppress him. Luo Zheng couldn't let this hatred go!
"If Your Excellency goes to Tianshui City, the Weasel Tribe will help Your Excellency!"
"The Giant Tribe is also willing to follow Your Excellency!"
If they took Tianshui City, the benefits for these two big clans were obvious.
In the next few days, the resources left by the Weasel Tribe and the Ghost Scorpion were continuously sent to the City Guards Mansion.
Fang Wei wanted to help Luo Zheng receive these resources, on the grounds that he was responsible for the resources of the Land of Sword Grief in the 14th Heaven, but Luo Zheng directly refused, and instead gave this important task to Chou Xue.
… …
In the depths of the Taishi Palace.
Concubine Yan snuggled up to Donghuang, and a soul jade slip floated in front of Donghuang.
After Donghuang finished reading the information in the soul jade slip, he didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
"Your Majesty, what is recorded in this soul jade slip that makes you look like this?" Concubine Yan asked curiously.
Donghuang smiled and reached out to gently pluck the soul jade slip, and handed it to Concubine Yan, saying, "You will know after reading it."
Concubine Yan took the jade slip with a curious expression, and the soul in her mind moved slightly, and the information in the jade slip was absorbed.

Chapter 3186
Wanling City had a long history and existed much longer than this round of chaos.
Whether it was Concubine Yan or Donghuang, they had both crossed the Desire Realm and passed by Wanling City.
When they were weak, who didn't suffer in silence in the face of the powerful creatures of the Nirvana Realm?
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng and Feng Ge would occupy Wanling City as soon as they entered the Desire Realm!
"These two little guys are more troublesome than I was back then," Donghuang said with a faint smile.
Concubine Yan's eyes flashed, but she said with some worry, "Now Genryū is the dominant force in the Nirvana Realm, and all the heavens are controlled by You Xiong, Golden Crow, and the others. With their momentum, I'm afraid they will retaliate."
"Hmph, even if they don't have such momentum, they won't retaliate?" Donghuang's face faintly revealed a trace of coldness, "I'm only afraid that the Lord of the Fourteenth Heaven will attack Feng Ge. I'm not afraid of anything else."
Feng Ge's success in jumping into the Desire Realm was absolutely good news for Taiyi Heavenly Palace.
A Pure Witch who could grow was very terrifying.
Whether it was You Xiong or the Golden Crow Clan, they were bound to regard him as a thorn in their side. However, with the strength of a Pure Witch, they were naturally not afraid of the ordinary creatures of the Nirvana Realm. They were not even afraid of the powerful creatures of the Dark Realm. With the Infinite Heavenly Light, they could naturally melt them completely.
But from the Fourteenth Heaven onwards, there was a Lord of the Dark Realm. If they encountered such a character, it would be quite troublesome.
"Then I'll pass the message and let the two little guys be careful," Concubine Yan nodded.
"Hmm," Donghuang's eyes revealed a deep look, "Now it's basically time to lay the cards on the table. I hope that the two little guys can grow up quickly and climb to a higher level. Maybe they can help the Heavenly Palace …"
A smile appeared on Concubine Yan's face, and then she said, "A helping hand is definitely necessary. Now that Feng Ge has reached the age of marriage, shouldn't Your Majesty make some arrangements?"
Feng Ge could become a Pure Witch because Luo Zheng brought her along by a freak combination of factors.
Compared to Feng Ge's potential in the Nirvana Realm, Luo Zheng was not inferior.
And until now, Donghuang still did not understand how Luo Zheng sent his fleshy body to the Nirvana Realm.
Donghuang had also secretly observed Luo Zheng before. He could faintly feel the unique True Meaning of Dao from Luo Zheng's body. However, he had never heard of this True Meaning of Dao and could not find any clues.
"Didn't I told you before?? Concubine Concubine? "Donghuang retorted........" Donghuang retorted. asked Donghuang asked.......
........................... of course..........................................................
....................
... "" I've heard that old granny's granddaughter loves Luo Zheng. I'm afraid … "Concubine Concubine frowned.
Old Ying was a powerful existence second only to Donghuang Tai Yi in the Great Yi Heavenly Palace. But he had an eccentric temperament. There were not many who liked Old Ying in the other mountains. In addition, they were at loggerheads in the Great Hao Mountain. Concubine Concubine Concubine disliked Old Ying even more.
"Are you talking about that lass Ling Shuang?" Donghuang asked.
Old Ying had mentioned some of Ling Shuang's secrets to Donghuang. Old Ying had poured half of his life's effort into this lass. She was treated as the apple of his eye by Old Ying.
Other problems might not be a problem, but Old Ying was so stubborn that even Donghuang had a headache.
"Next time, I'll try to sound out Old Ying." Donghuang revealed a bitter smile. He had never thought that his outstanding daughter would fight for a husband with others.
…
…
The Land of Sword Grief was very peaceful these few days. But amidst the calmness, there was a trace of excitement on the faces of those disciples.
"This time, our Great Yi Heavenly Palace can hold our heads high in the Nirvana Realm!"
"Occupying a big city, it's really an unimaginable thing!"
"Guys from the Second Floor, do you want to come down and have a look? Hehehe … "
When they said to come down and have a look, they naturally did not mean to go down from the Second Floor to the First Floor. Instead, they asked them to come down from the higher floors of the Nirvana Realm.
Although the occupation of the Wanling City had nothing to do with many disciples on the First Floor, they still felt honored.
Many disciples of the Heavenly Palace of the 15th, 16th and even 17th Heavenly Layer had rushed back. On the one hand, they wanted to see the grand occasion in the Wanling City. On the other hand, Luo Zheng was not too stingy. He intended to take out part of the harvest this time as welfare for the disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
Entering the Land of Sword Grief could get more resources from the Heavenly Palace, but these resources were also contributed by other disciples. Although Luo Zheng did not like Fang Wei's words, after all, he had been in the Heavenly Palace for so long, he had to know how to give back.
After finishing these things, Luo Zheng moved his soul into the Wanling City. After leaving the Nirvana Realm, he went into a short closed-door training.
Although he had shown great power in the Wanling City, Luo Zheng also knew that the Nirvana Realm was definitely not as simple as it looked.
The creatures in the Light Domain might not be Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's opponents, but what about the Dark Domain? And there might be other Pure Witches in the Dark Domain …
In this closed-door training, Luo Zheng's purpose was to refine the Six-stripe Blood Fixing Mysterious Seed obtained from Goddess Nuwa.
In the secret training room, the seed shining with blue light lay in the palm of Luo Zheng's hand.
"If I refine the Six-stripe Blood Fixing Mysterious Seed, won't the Chiyou bloodline disappear completely?" Luo Zheng said to 9527, a trace of hesitation appearing on his face.
Although he wanted to get more bloodline of the Ancient Gods in order to become stronger, he was after all a member of the Jiuli Tribe. Removing his bloodline completely was equivalent to cutting off the bloodline connection with the Jiuli Tribe.
"Hey, what's there to worry about! The Six-stripe Blood Fixing Mysterious Seed does not change the bloodline, but completely replicates it. When you replicate enough Ancient God bloodline, the bone fragment in your chest will naturally grow again, and the extra Ancient God bloodline will be stored in the bone fragment! "9527 replied.
。
"Bone fragment …"
When Luo Zheng first integrated the Ancient God bloodline, a bone fragment did strangely grow out of his chest. Before that, 9527 had been hiding in the bone fragment, and the Truth Square Crystal was also formed from this part.
Because Luo Zheng did not have the opportunity to get more Ancient God bloodline, more bone fragments did not grow out.
Since this layer of worry was unnecessary, Luo Zheng did not hesitate anymore.
He gently threw the Six-stripe Blood Fixing Mysterious Seed and let it float in front of his chest. He gently put his hands together in front of his chest, and the Ancient God bloodline had been activated. Green light gathered in Luo Zheng's hands, and a Truth Square Crystal gradually condensed into shape.

Chapter 3187
When the Truth Crystal was condensed, Luo Zheng waved his hand again. The square crystal slowly melted and turned into a green vortex.
"Whoosh!"
As Luo Zheng hooked his finger, the green vortex turned into a flow of energy and gathered towards the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed.
Six tiny cracks appeared on the surface of the small seed. This was the origin of the name "six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed." After the green energy vortex merged with the seed, the Truth Energy flowed through the cracks and slowly flowed into the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed.
The blue light of the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed gradually faded and was replaced by a green light. This seed seemed to be full of the bloodline of the Ancient Gods!
"What a rich bloodline power …" Luo Zheng's eyes showed a trace of surprise.
No wonder the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed was so precious in the mother world. After any bloodline was merged with it, it could be directly replicated by this seed. This seed's ability was really amazing.
"Very interesting little thing." Even 9527 praised.
Luo Zheng pointed at the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed and the seed flew into his mouth.
After refining the seed, he actually swallowed it directly. Luo Zheng felt a little strange, but since Goddess Nuwa told him so, Luo Zheng did as he was told.
After the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed entered his stomach, there was no reaction at first. After a while, Luo Zheng felt a struggling pain in his stomach.
When Luo Zheng looked inside himself, he saw that the six-mark Blood-Fixing Mysterious Seed in his abdomen had completely unfolded. A green ball of light had condensed inside the seed. Every time the ball of light shot out a green light, the pain would be felt.
And this green light was the bloodline power of "Ji".
After the bloodline power entered Luo Zheng's organs, it seemed to have a mind of its own. It flowed along Luo Zheng's meridians and finally gathered at Luo Zheng's chest. As it kept gathering, a small bone fragment quietly grew out!
"The second bone fragment!"
Just as 9527 said, when Luo Zheng obtained more Ancient God Bloodlines, more bone pieces grew out of his chest.
A six-stripe Blood Fixing Seed was enough for a person to completely inherit the bloodline power of the previous generation. Just like Luo Zheng and Luo Yan, one had inherited the complete bloodline of Chiyou, while the other had inherited the complete bloodline of Nuwa.
Logically speaking, this six-mark Blood Fixing Seed was enough for Luo Zheng to inherit the complete bloodline of the Ancient Gods!
The stabbing pain in his abdomen increased. The stabbing pain traveled along his internal organs and quickly gathered in his chest. Then, the third bone fragment formed!
The bone fragment grew along the front of the chest and extended all the way down. When it reached the lower side of the ribs, it actually began to grow along the waist.
Ten pieces …
Twenty pieces …
Thirty pieces …
The bone fragment spread along the waist all the way to Luo Zheng's spine. It then extended along the spine and gathered at the neck!
In the process of the bone fragment's growth, it would also break open his flesh and blood. Naturally, it would cause pain. However, this kind of pain was still tolerable. Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all during the whole process.
But when the bone fragment continued to move upward and pierced into his brain, Luo Zheng's expression finally changed.
Luo Zheng was used to strange things being stuffed into his body. However, the brain was the most delicate part of the human body. A little damage would cause irreversible damage. If his brain was damaged by these sharp bone fragments, it would not be worth it.
"Don't be afraid. This is just a natural change after the bloodline fusion. Think about it. The Chiyou bloodline could not hurt you. These bone fragments can't hurt you either," 9527 comforted him.
When he transformed into three heads and six arms, Luo Zheng suddenly had two extra heads. It did not cause any damage to his body structure. It was as if everything was natural.
After understanding this, Luo Zheng's worries disappeared without a trace. He allowed these bone fragments to continue to grow in his mind!
The way these bone fragments grew was indeed ingenious. Although they would break open his flesh and blood when they extended along his skull, they almost avoided all the vital parts of his brain and did not cause any substantial damage. With Luo Zheng's powerful healing ability, the broken flesh and blood quickly grew back and wrapped the bone fragments inside.
After the head was completely grown, the bone fragments in Luo Zheng's arms and legs gradually grew out …
An hour later …
The green light in the six-stripe Blood Fixing Mysterious Seed finally dimmed, and the bone fragments also stopped growing.
"There are a total of 861 bone fragments in my whole body …"
Luo Zheng looked at his body with Inner Sight.
He stood up and moved his body slightly. Because of these bone fragments, Luo Zheng was not used to the body he was familiar with. He staggered and almost fell down.
"Just get used to it. These bone fragments can also greatly strengthen your fleshy body," 9527 reminded him.
In the Chaotic Origin Great World, the strength that "Mountain" could unleash was unparalleled. Even after the Evil Deities absorbed a large amount of bloodline energy, they could not kill Mountain. On one hand, it was because Mountain had the Ancient God bloodline divine ability. On the other hand, Mountain's fleshy body allowed him to unleash strength comparable to a Chaotic Origin Realm expert.
Mountain only looked like a human. If one were to dissect his fleshy body, the internal structure was completely different from an ordinary human. Just like the current Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng walked back and forth in the spacious training room. After interacting with his body for a while, he gradually got used to the existence of these bone pieces. Following that, he started running, jumping, cloning, and other movements. He quickly adapted to the process from uncoordinated to coordinated. Not long after, he was able to use them freely.
"The bone fragments on both sides of my abdomen can completely protect my Dantian."
"The bone fragments on my legs form an effective support, allowing the explosive power of my legs to become stronger …"
"Interesting. These bone fragments are not growing randomly. Instead, they are changing the structure of my fleshy body in a logical manner."
After standing still, Luo Zheng revealed a satisfied look.
"Nonsense! This Master is considered the most perfect lifeform. Otherwise, how could he have survived from the previous round of primal chaos to this round of primal chaos? "9527 replied with a matter-of-fact tone.
"I want to try out the Truth Divine Ability."
As Luo Zheng stretched out his hands, the 861 bone fragments in his body trembled slightly.
The power of a single Truth Square Crystal was indeed not enough. But now, Luo Zheng could mobilize all the bone fragments in his body. His entire fleshy body was filled with the Ancient God bloodline. It was naturally incomparable to before.
"Wait a minute!"

Chapter 3188
The golden blood all over Luo Zheng's body began to flow back, and the bone pieces continued to unfold. His hands became twice as strong in an instant, and the bone pieces on his back directly broke through his skin, turning into sharp thorns.
After the bone pieces at the end of his spine completely unfolded, they turned into a thick tail that extended out.
This tail was a bit like the tail of the Ghost Scorpion in the Nirvana Realm. It was like a scorpion, and there was a black needle at the end of the tail!
"I, how did I become like this …" Luo Zheng stood there stupidly, looking at the changes in his body.
9527 and the Green Jade Spirit were already used to the changes in form. They knew very well that the physical form was just a carrier.
Luo Zheng couldn't accept it for a while. Even if he had three heads and six arms, at least he still maintained a human form. But now he looked like a monster.
"It's normal to change into an ancient god form. Don't forget, I was originally a huge scorpion. The civilization it belonged to in the last round of chaos was the Spirit Scorpion Civilization," 9527 comforted him.
In the illusion created by Nuwa, Luo Zheng saw Ji's original form, which was a huge scorpion. He just didn't expect that he would become like that.
"That's true …" Luo Zheng hesitated for a while, then smiled helplessly. "I won't show this face to others normally!"
He opened his hands again, and a green vortex began to gather between his thick hands.
Square Truth Crystals appeared between his hands, and quickly gathered in the vortex. As Luo Zheng placed his hands on top of his head, a bright green star was also brewing in it.
This was the result after Luo Zheng suppressed it, but it was already a thousand times more powerful than the Falling Star Hand. If it really smashed down, this secret training room would probably be completely destroyed. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't smash it down.
The truth level energy aura emitted from the vortex was very penetrating. The secret training room in the Land of Sword Grief could block most of the energy aura, but when it was designed, it didn't consider that someone would cultivate the truth level God Art in it.
The disciples on the first floor naturally sensed this scene. When they sensed the source of the energy aura, their eyes all showed surprise.
"What's going on in Room 1 …"
"What kind of energy is this aura? Why can't the formation of the cultivation room block it?"
"How strange. The formation of the training room was personally set up by Master Jue. Why is that …"
Although they were confused, the cultivation room was called a "secret room", so they naturally wouldn't enter it to pry. However, everyone's curiosity towards Luo Zheng deepened.
This energy only lasted for three breaths of time. Luo Zheng absorbed all the energy in the whirlpool into the bone piece. At the same time, the bone piece flipped over and shrank back. In the blink of an eye, it returned to its human form. All the bloodline power of the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods returned to the bone piece.
In fact, Luo Zheng could also use the power of the Ancient God bloodline without activating his Ancient God form. However, if he wanted to use all his strength, he had to transform into the strange scorpion-like appearance.
Now that Luo Zheng had a complete set of bloodline power, he could continue to cultivate Ji's remarkable power. The Falling Star Hand was only the most basic remarkable power of Ji. As for how to use these Truth Crystals in the future, it would naturally depend on 9527.
However, at this time, Luo Zheng discovered that the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed that he swallowed into his stomach had a slight abnormality.
"After the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed is refined, it should disappear directly. Why is this happening?" Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of confusion.
The seed that was originally unfolded had completely split into two petals in Luo Zheng's body. In the middle of the two petals, lines of different lengths were floating.
"These lines are exactly the same as the lines of the Paramita Key!" Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly raised.
With a slight thought, the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed that he had swallowed rose along his abdomen and was directly spat out.
After the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed was swallowed and refined by Luo Zheng, the insides of the two petals were completely hollow. When Luo Zheng placed the two petals of the seed together, the lines appeared again!
"Could it be that there are other secrets hidden in this seed other than the bloodline?"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed.
He recalled Goddess Nuwa's reaction that day. She showed a rare look of hesitation on the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed.
If it was only the effect of the inherited bloodline power, Goddess Nuwa shouldn't have had such a reaction.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng's interest in these stripes was even greater!
He stretched out his hand and gently flicked the Sumeru Ring. A divine crystal appeared in Luo Zheng's hand. Then he reached out and crushed it. The energy inside poured onto the lines.
"Buzz …"
With a burst of light blue light, the Paramita Key was activated by the divine crystal. Suddenly, a map appeared in front of Luo Zheng. Along with the map, a Sanskrit word appeared!
"Sure enough, this little six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed hides a Paramita Key. How strange!" Luo Zheng couldn't help but exclaim.
Not only Luo Zheng, but even 9527 couldn't understand this.
Over the years, Li Shan had protected the six-stripe Blood Steadying Tree too closely. Outsiders couldn't touch it at all. In the entire mother world, only Fuxi and Goddess Nuwa knew the secrets hidden in the seed.
Goddess Nuwa originally didn't want to hand over the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed, but over the years, there was no news about the subsequent seeds. Goddess Nuwa and Fuxi were very disappointed about this matter. The last seed was hung on the tree as a memento. They never took it down.
So they gave it to Luo Zheng.
Never had he imagined that there would actually be a Paramita Key hidden within the last seed!
Luo Zheng carefully protected the seed and sent it into the inner world for Luo Nian to decipher.
Luo Nian was very familiar with this kind of thing. After a while, he finished deciphering the Sanskrit words on the Paramita Key. He said, "Seventeen Layers of Heaven, Bu Sha Gu Li …"
The seventeenth layer of heaven, together with the map, could pinpoint the exact location of the temple. And the string of meaningless words that Luo Nian said later was similar to the True Meaning of the Tao. It could directly bring the Paramita Key into the Paramita Realm. Luo Zheng had used it in the first layer of heaven.
"Seventeen Layers of Heaven?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
The Seventeenth Layer of Heaven wasn't far from the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven. With Luo Zheng's current ability, he could even rush all the way up.
But why was there a Seventeen Layers of Heaven Paramita Key hidden in the six-stripe Blood Steadying Mysterious Seed? Who put the Paramita Key in it? What was its relationship with Li Shan?

Chapter 3189
In the 29 Heavens of the Nirvana Realm …
Huge golden-winged birds spread their wings and flew high, emitting a fierce and perverse aura.
These golden-winged birds were at the top of the food chain in the 29 Heavens. Most of the Nirvana Realm lifeforms and Yang Souls had to retreat when they encountered these golden-winged birds.
On a cliff below the golden-winged birds, there was a sunken plank road.
It was impossible to know when this plank road was built.
At the edge of the plank road, a Yang Soul with wings spread out stood. The wings on the back of this Yang Soul were exactly the same as the Banshee of the Hive. But this was not the Banshee of the Hive. Instead, it was the leader of the Hive, Phoenix.
"On the first day of entering the Desire Realm, I made the Star Falcon Clan use all their connections and paid a huge price. But not only did we fail to kill those two in the Heavenly Palace, the Black Bear Clan that we supported was also uprooted."
Phoenix's voice was very calm.
She was already flustered and exasperated when she faced Luo Zheng in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
But after experiencing it once, Phoenix was able to let go of her mentality.
She had to treat this matter with the most serious attitude!
They had just entered the Desire Realm and had already displayed such strength. Would they be a huge hidden threat in the future?
"Hmph! We can't count on your Jinwu to succeed! " A human beside Phoenix said. This human was one of the Five Elements Envoys of the You Xiong Clan, Tu Xing.
Phoenix's expression sank, and she argued: "How can you blame our Jinwu for this? It's entirely because those two are too powerful, especially that woman. She must be a Pure Witch! "
"Pure Witch? How can a Pure Witch cross the Desire Realm? Are you dreaming? "Tu Xing had no intention of backing down.
When Feng Ge's initial information was passed to the major clans, they guessed that Feng Ge should have become a Pure Witch. Because Feng Ge, as the daughter of the Eastern Emperor, suddenly appeared on the Nirvana Realm with a clear appearance. This should be the only reasonable explanation.
But when Feng Ge passed through the energy vortex and stepped into the Desire Realm, Phoenix and the others were confused again.
The Pure Witches were the masters of the first layer of heaven and could not move in the different layers of heaven. This had long been agreed upon in the Nirvana Realm. If Feng Ge really entered the Desire Realm, it meant that she was not a Pure Witch. Feng Ge's true identity was suddenly blurred again.
"That's not important. What's important is that the two of them are too strong," Phoenix said solemnly. "Next, I'll send the Star Falcon Clan out!"
The Star Falcon Clan occupied the Celestial Water City of the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven, and was the strongest clan in the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven.
"What if the Star Falcon Race fails again?" Tu Wei asked.
"Then …" Feng Ge's eyes narrowed slightly, "Then I'm afraid that no one in the Fourteenth Heaven can control these two. We can only wait for them to ascend to a higher level."
"Climbing to a higher level will only make them stronger and stronger. At that time, I'm afraid that even if you and I personally take action, it will be useless!" Tu Wei shook his head and said, "I'll report it to the Emperor and let him report it to the Scarlet Parliament, and let the creatures of the Dark Realm take action personally!"
"The creatures of the Dark Realm can only move in the dark. How do we lure those two into the Dark Realm?" Phoenix asked.
"Heh, they won't go in willingly, but I have a way to lure them into the Dark Realm," Tu Wei said with a faint smile.
"What way?" Phoenix asked curiously.
"Just let the Star Falcon Clan do it. It's okay if they get rid of those two. If they fail, I'll tell you!" Tu Wei said confidently.
…
…
In the inner courtyard of the City Lord's Mansion …
A piece of black Body Qi Jade was placed between Luo Zheng's hands. This Body Qi Jade could directly increase the strength of the physical body, similar to the Soul Crystal increasing the strength of the Yang Soul. After the Rage God entered the Nirvana Realm, he needed this to strengthen his physical body.
"Crack! Crack! Crack … "
As Luo Zheng exerted a little force, the Body Qi Jade was pressed into black powder and gently sent into his Dantian.
This powder dispersed along his Dantian into the Eight Extraordinary Meridians and evenly spread throughout Luo Zheng's body.
After a while, Luo Zheng clearly felt that the strength of his physical body had increased slightly, and his pure physical strength had also increased a little!
If the Power of the Nirvana Realm was excluded, most of the living beings in the Mother World's Divine Body Power was not enough. For example, Luo Zheng's Divine Body Power was not even one Jun of Divine Body Power before, but after integrating with the bloodline of the Ancient Gods, his Divine Body Power had also increased slightly, reaching dozens of Jun of Divine Body Power.
It was already very terrifying for the pure physical body to reach such a state, but compared to the Power of the Nirvana Realm, it was still negligible.
"Mr. Green Jade, you said that I couldn't refine the Body Qi Jade, but after I swallowed it, everything seemed to be normal," Luo Zheng asked the Green Jade Spirit in his body.
In the Color World, Luo Zheng had never seen the Body Qi Jade.
The first time he saw it was in the iron house in the energy whirlpool.
At that time, the Green Jade Spirit thought that Luo Zheng's physical body did not enter the Way through the True Meaning of the Power of the Body Qi Jade, so he could not refine the Body Qi Jade. However, Luo Zheng's refining was unusually smooth.
"It's a little strange …" The Green Jade Spirit thought for a while. "That means the True Meaning of Tao in your physical body must have something in common with the True Meaning of the Power of the Body Qi Jade. Otherwise, you should not be able to refine it."
Now, even the Green Jade Spirit was a little confused.
However, the living beings in the Chaos did not completely understand the mystery of the True Meaning of Tao.
There were many areas of rejection between the True Meaning of Tao. If they were not compatible, they would not be able to integrate with the corresponding Nirvana Realm Token. However, there were also many areas in common. For example, when Luo Zheng killed the Evil Deities, he also succeeded in infusing the True Meaning of Three Spirits Creation into the Sword Controlling Seal. This was something that Luo Zheng had not thought about until now.
Understood.
After refining the first piece, Luo Zheng did not plan to stop.
At this moment, Feng Ge walked in without asking. He opened his hands and smiled at Luo Zheng. "How is it?"
She was wearing an aqua blue dress with light green lines outlining a string of thin tassels. The dress was very meticulously made, and there was a faint trace of energy in the dress.
"Very good. Is this made by the Ferret Tribe?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes! I didn't expect their craftsmanship to be so good. "Feng Ge was obviously in a good mood.
Luo Zheng nodded. He picked up a Body Qi Jade and said, "You came at the right time. Try to refine the Body Qi Jade."
As a Pure One, although Feng Ge's physical body and strength were very strong, he also needed to grow.
Logically speaking, if the Nirvana Realm creatures could refine the Body Qi Jade, Feng Ge should not have a problem.
Feng Ge blinked her eyes and took the ice-cold piece of black jade in her hand. She obediently replied with an "en", and with a turn of her toes, she nimbly sat down next to Luo Zheng.
She held the Body Qi Jade in her hand, and a wisp of wisdom flashed in her eyes. She suddenly said, "I forgot to tell you something."
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I invited Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, and the others to stay in my Taidi Palace," Feng Ge said.

Chapter 3190
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge had crossed paths because of the feud at the Seven Mountains Meeting. When Luo Zheng returned from refining the Sealing Stone, Xun, Han Liusu and Mu Ning had been 'invited' by Feng Ge.
When Luo Zheng learned of this, he was furious and went to the Taishi Palace alone to demand them, fighting with Feng Ge again.
However, Xun and Han Liusu were willing to stay in the Taishi Palace, so Luo Zheng did not force them to come back. But now, Feng Ge had invited Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin. What was the meaning of this?
"Why didn't you tell me in advance?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
Feng Ge said apologetically, "I just thought that it would be boring for them to stay in the Heart Flow Sword Sect and that they could change the environment. You were in seclusion for the past two days, so I didn't have the chance to tell you …"
The Taishi Palace was not a dangerous place after all. To some extent, it was safer than the Heart Flow Sword Sect. But why did Feng Ge want to court Ning Yudie?
Luo Zheng could not figure it out.
Seeing Feng Ge in a hurry to explain, Luo Zheng did not want to pursue the matter. He only said, "Forget it. Just hurry up and refine the Bodiless Astral Jade."
"Okay."
Feng Ge's eyes carried a hint of a smile. Then he used his power to crush the Bodiless Astral Jade and absorb it into his body.
Like Luo Zheng, Feng Ge had no problem refining the Bodiless Astral Jade.
Compared to strengthening the Yang Soul, strengthening the body was more significant.
However, there was still a considerable difference between Luo Zheng and Feng Ge. After Luo Zheng's body was strengthened, he could use it outside the Paramita Realm. However, Feng Ge's body could not be brought out. From this perspective, it was somewhat wasteful.
However, after occupying Wanling City, Luo Zheng obtained a lot of resources. Even though he gave a portion to the disciples in the Land of Sword Grief, Luo Zheng kept a ridiculous amount for himself.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to continue refining the Body Dipper Jade, a bright yellow shadow rushed in. It was the leader of the Ferret Tribe, Chidian.
"Creak! There's a big movement in Tianshui City, "Chidian reported.
Hearing Chidian's words, the eyes of the two people who were sitting side by side flashed.
These days, the Weasel Tribe had been paying close attention to the movements in Tianshui City. If there was any movement, they would return to Wanling City and report it to Luo Zheng.
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The elites of the Star Falcon Clan are all heading straight for the Thousand Spirits City!" Chidian's small eyes flashed with a trace of seriousness.
The Star Falcon Tribe was able to monopolize Sky Water City because their strength was far stronger than the Gauntlet Tribe and the Giant Tribe. It wasn't that the Star Falcon Tribe didn't have the idea of attacking Myriad Spirit City in the past few years, but attacking Myriad Spirit City would cause many drawbacks, so the two large cities had always been peaceful.
Who would have thought that the Star Falcon Tribe would choose to attack just because of the two humans in front of him? The power behind them was not something that Chidian could imagine.
But for the Gauntlet Tribe, this was not only a crisis, but also a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!
If Luo Zheng destroyed all the elites of the Star Falcon Tribe, the Gauntlet Tribe and the Giant Tribe could take the opportunity to counterattack and take over Tianshui City!
So when he saw the elites of the Star Falcon Tribe were all dispatched, Chidian was excited in his heart.
Luo Zheng handed the Cutting Dipper Jade to Feng Ge and put it into the Sumeru Ring. He looked up at the sky and asked, "How long will it take?"
"With the speed of the Star Falcon Tribe, an hour is more than enough," Chidian continued, "We are ready to meet the enemy at any time!"
Knowing the strength of Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, the Gauntlet Tribe and the Giant Tribe were willing to bet, so they naturally intended to do their best.
"Very well, let all the disciples of the Heavenly Palace leave the other side. You all follow me to the city gate," Luo Zheng stood up and walked out of the City Guard Mansion, Feng Ge followed closely behind.
Standing on the city gate and looking down, one could see the open plains in the distance.
Purple light lingered and fluttered in the sky, emitting pressure all the time. When this pressure was reflected on the Sun Soul, there was a faint feeling of coldness, but when it was reflected on Luo Zheng's body, it was like hot charcoal, with a faint burning feeling from time to time.
On the city wall, the Mole Cricket Tribe stood in place with the "Aquamarine Bow" in their hands. These mole crickets were also the natives of Wanling City. This group of people had always obeyed the orders of the City Guard Mansion. When the City Guard Mansion changed its appearance, they naturally became Luo Zheng's private army.
In addition to the archers of the Mole Cricket Tribe, giants with giant sticks in their hands also climbed on the city wall. Each giant exuded a heavy aura. When the stick smashed down, it seemed that half of the city wall would be smashed down.
As for the Gauntlet Tribe, they were hidden on both sides of the city wall. The Gauntlet Tribe was similar to the Mole Clan in that they were small in size and not suitable for frontal combat, but the fatal blow hidden in the darkness was impossible to guard against.
Half an hour later …
A small light spot appeared in the distance, as if a star had lit up, and then more stars appeared.
"What a beautiful star!" Feng Ge said with a serious look.
"That's not a star," Chidian corrected him, "Those are Star Falcons, they're coming!"
Star Falcons were an extremely ferocious bird. Each Star Falcon's chest was inlaid with a gemstone as bright as a star, which was why they were named Star Falcons.
As the Star Falcons continued to approach, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge finally saw clearly that on both sides of the starlight, they could faintly distinguish a pair of flapping wings.
"You stay here in a while and don't leave the city wall," Luo Zheng suddenly said to Feng Ge.
Feng Ge could not fly. Even if he relied on the strong physical body of a Pure Witch, there was still a risk when facing the Star Falcon Tribe.
"Okay," Feng Ge responded, but his brows furrowed secretly. In the face of these flying Star Falcons, he seemed to have lost his usefulness all of a sudden, which was not a result he was willing to accept.
"Three thousand feet!"
"Two thousand feet!"
"One thousand feet!"
Chidian used his eyesight to observe the distance while speaking to the many mole crickets archers.
"Eight thousand feet! Shoot! "
When the Star Falcons were only eight thousand feet away from the city wall, they entered the range of the mole crickets archers.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The bowstrings of the Aquamarine Qilin Bow were constantly loosened, and thin arrow lights, like green rain, covered the Star Falcons.
Eight thousand feet high in the sky …
The Star Falcon at the forefront had a wingspan of twenty feet, which could be said to be a behemoth. It was the leader of the Star Falcon Tribe, Ci Hang.
Falcons had excellent eyesight, so they naturally saw the scene on the City Wall of Ten Thousand Spirits clearly.
"Strange, not only are the two targets not hiding, but they are also standing on the city wall?" Ci Hang's eagle eyes revealed a strange look.
Whether it was the failure of the Ghost Scorpion Tribe or the Dark Bear Tribe, Ci Hang did not take it to heart.
The Star Falcon Tribe was above all the tribes in the Fourteenth Layer of Light. They were the overlords of this Layer of Heaven!
When it received the request of the Golden Crow Tribe, Ci Hang agreed without any hesitation. It seemed to be a good opportunity to take over the City of Ten Thousand Spirits as the Star Falcon Tribe.
Seeing the green arrow rain flying over eight thousand feet and shooting straight toward the Star Falcon Tribe, Ci Hang suddenly flapped its broad wings.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"

Chapter 3191
Seeing that their leader had easily brushed away the sword rain, many Star Falcons opened their mouths and let out cheerful shrieks.
"Wanling City hasn't made any progress over the years!"
"It's too weak! This big city should have been occupied by our Star Falcon Tribe long ago! "
"What do you know? It's better to control it with the Dark Bear Tribe. We don't need to occupy this city at all! "
The Star Falcon Tribe had always thought highly of themselves, and they had never taken Wanling City seriously.
This time, the leader of the Compassionate Eagle Tribe had come out with the goal of killing two humans.
For most Star Falcons, this was an unacceptable reason.
Because of the Golden Crow Clan, the Star Falcon Clan had always protected the Sun Souls of You Xiong and the Divine Farmer Clan. In Tianshui City, the status of the Sun Souls of these two human clans wasn't low. However, this didn't mean that the Star Falcon Clan looked up to the Human Clan.
In their eyes, the Human Clan was still a weak creature, even though the target this time had a physical body.
"Yo!"
At this time, the Compassionate Eagle Tribe suddenly let out a high-pitched cry, which was the order to counterattack.
The Star Falcons flying in the sky spread their wings together, and a little starlight bloomed from their chests, which turned into a delicate star ring.
This star ring shrouded their bodies and overlapped with their wings at the same time.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
Slender lightsabers with starlight trailing behind them shot out from the Star Ring. These lightsabers were many times stronger than the rain of green lightsabers shot out by the mole crickets and Archers!
Squeak! Activate the Great Formation of Ten Thousand Spirits! "Chidian ordered in a low voice.
Several members of the Star Falcon Tribe hiding in the dark had already activated the Great Formation on the city wall.
The Star Falcon Tribe had been in Wanling City for a long time, and many things had been deposited in it, such as the Great Formation of Heaven and Earth in front of Wanling City. This Great Formation of Heaven and Earth had been given to them by an ancient civilization that had passed through the Fourteenth Heaven.
Buzz!
Wisps of white fog spread out from the city wall and completely shrouded the entire city wall.
After the slender light swords shot into the fog, they only moved forward for about ten feet. Then they suddenly turned around and shot up into the sky.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
"The white fog bounced the Star Pulse Swords back!"
"Let's spread out!"
The Star Falcons in the sky flapped their wings and dodged the rebounding Star Pulse Swords. Due to the open space, none of the Star Falcons were injured.
"Leader, what should we do?"
"The Formation of the Wanling City is rather strange! Even the Star Vein Sword was bounced back! "
However, Ci Hang snorted faintly and let out a high-pitched cry again.
"Continue attacking!"
Many Star Falcons were puzzled. But since their leader had given the order, they summoned rings of stars again and shot down Star Vein Swords from the sky.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
After the second round of attacks, even the giants guarding the city wall laughed.
It was said that the Star Falcon Clan was the strongest clan in the fourteenth layer of heaven, but they were actually so stupid. No matter how powerful those Star Vein Swords were, they would still be reflected by the Heavenly Harmony Grand Formation. Such an attack was completely futile.
However, just as the Star Vein Swords were about to fall, a tearing sound came from the bottom of the city wall.
"Peng peng peng peng …"
As a series of roars came from the bottom of the city wall, creatures that looked like pangolins in green armor came out. They were the Poshan Clan that lived in Tianshui City and had always been followers of the Star Falcon Clan.
During the time when the Dark Bear Clan controlled the City Guards Manor, the Star Falcon Clan had already dug out all the secrets in the Wanling City. How could the Heavenly Harmony Grand Formation not be part of Ci Hang's plan?
While the Star Falcon Clan was attacking from the sky, the Poshan Clan had already sneaked in from the ground. Their goal was to destroy the Heavenly Harmony Grand Formation hidden in the city wall.
When the foundation of the grand formation was destroyed, the white fog that shrouded the city wall instantly dissipated, and the dense Star Vein Swords fell like raindrops!
A Star Vein Sword pierced through a giant's head while he was still giggling. Only a small amount of blood flowed out before he fell to the ground. More and more giants and mole crickets began to flee to avoid the rain of swords falling from the sky!
"Damn it!"
Blood Roar waved a thick metal stick and shrouded Luo Zheng and Feng Ge in shadows, shattering the Star Vein Swords that fell in this area.
"Squeak! Lord City Guard, the Heavenly Harmony Grand Formation has been destroyed. We have to retreat! "Chidian said.
The greatest advantage of the Star Falcon Clan was that they could fly.
The Giant Clan was good at head-on combat, and the Ferret Clan was good at assassination, but the two clans could not fly to the sky to fight with the Star Falcon Clan.
"Da da da …"
Every Star Vein Sword that fell would leave a hole in the city wall. In the blink of an eye, the city wall was full of holes.
"Retreating won't solve them," Luo Zheng said, staring at the Star Falcons in the sky.
"They want to take down the Wanling City, so they have to come down. Only then will we have a chance!" Chidian explained.
"Chidian is right, Lord City Guard. Their target is the two of you," Blood Roar also persuaded.
Although the two clans were full of fighting spirit, they could not fight with the Star Falcon Clan when the Heavenly Harmony Grand Formation was destroyed. It was also a good idea to retreat into the city first.
"There is no need to retreat," Luo Zheng said, looking at the group of "big birds" in the sky. His face was very calm.
Feng Ge asked softly, "Do you want me to send you up?"
"Okay," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Feng Ge's hands grabbed the metal stick in Blood Roar's hand like lightning.
Blood Roar was an existence that regarded weapons as its own life, so its reaction was also very fast.
But even when Blood Roar reacted and wanted to protect its metal stick, it felt a terrifying power erupting from Feng Ge's slender arms. It could not resist at all, and the metal stick was instantly snatched away by Feng Ge.
When Feng Ge snatched the metal stick, he raised it high. Luo Zheng jumped lightly and landed in the path of the metal stick.
"Bang!"
In an instant, Feng Ge erupted with a powerful force and sent Luo Zheng flying into the sky!
If one's body was not strong enough, this blow would have directly smashed one's body to pieces.
Blood Roar, who was standing beside Luo Zheng, was dumbfounded. Just the shockwave from the attack was enough to cause pain to his face. Luo Zheng, on the other hand, had taken the attack head-on. Just how tough was this kid's fleshly body to be able to do this?
As Luo Zheng flew into the sky, a pair of thunder wings appeared on his back. With the help of Feng Ge's power, Luo Zheng's flying speed could be said to be extremely fast in an instant. Like a bolt of lightning, he smashed towards those big birds.
Those Star Falcons had no time to react. They only saw a flash of lightning in front of their eyes, and their chests were hit hard. The birds completely lost their balance and fell down …
"Crackle, crackle, crackle …"
Luo Zheng's flying figure turned into a leaping electric arc, jumping from one Star Falcon to another. Every time the electric arc struck a Star Falcon, it would be accompanied by a charred smell, and that Star Falcon would fall down.
In just three breaths, more than 20 Star Falcons had died under Luo Zheng's hands, and almost all of these Star Falcons were elites!

Chapter 3192
Of course, they couldn't allow Luo Zheng to continue slaughtering them like this.
There was no record of Luo Zheng knowing how to fly in the intelligence reports, and there was no record of Luo Zheng being smashed by that human girl below!
Ci Hang's sharp eagle eyes reflected Luo Zheng's figure as he transformed into a bolt of lightning.
"Screech —"
As it let out a piercing cry, all of the Star Falcons spread their wings and quickly distanced themselves from each other!
As the distance between the Star Falcons increased, it became more and more difficult for Luo Zheng to kill the Star Falcons.
Luo Zheng's foundation for flight was still the Mystic Lightning Divine Dao, so his flying speed wasn't very fast.
Just now, he had relied on Feng Ge's strength to shoot up. After that, Luo Zheng smashed the Star Falcons with his powerful strength and relied on the recoil to kill more than twenty Star Falcons in an instant. But now, his speed was becoming slower and slower.
"Crack!"
When Luo Zheng pounced on the next Star Falcon, this Star Falcon suddenly tilted its wings and swept to the other side, dodging Luo Zheng's attack with extreme agility.
After Luo Zheng's attack missed, a huge Star Falcon charged toward Luo Zheng.
This Star Falcon was called Hunting Falcon, and it was the deputy of Big Leader Ci Hang. In terms of strength and status, it was second only to Ci Hang in the Star Falcon Race!
The front of its wings were inlaid with pieces of silver-white sequins.
The surface of the sequins was engraved with ancient spell formations. Under the support of the spell formations, all of the sequins were like sharp blades.
This was a magic treasure forged by the He Luo Race!
"Whoosh …"
Hunting Falcon raised its wings and charged forward at an astonishing speed. It was like a flying saber, slashing toward Luo Zheng in the blink of an eye.
Seeing the sharp sequins on Hunting Falcon's wings, Luo Zheng suddenly flipped back in the air and nimbly dodged this slash.
However, the Star Falcon Race was a flying race after all. Almost all of them were born with the ability to fly. Their combat experience in the air far surpassed that of humans.
Hunting Eagle seemed to have calculated that Luo Zheng would be able to avoid it. When it saw Luo Zheng flying away, it chirped excitedly and flew in the same posture as Luo Zheng. Once again, it rushed towards Luo Zheng. At the same time, its huge bird body began to rotate!
"Swish swish swish swish …"
Seeing this scene, the eyes of all the Star Falcons flashed with joy.
"Master Hunting Wing's Formation Blade Whirlwind!"
"It can cut anything that gets caught in it into pieces!"
"That kid is dead for sure!"
The Star Falcons did not expect that Luo Zheng would be able to kill more than twenty of their brethren in an instant. It was easy to imagine how much hatred they had for Luo Zheng. Naturally, they hoped that Lord Hunting Falcon would cut Luo Zheng into pieces and feed them to the Star Falcons.
But what they did not know was that what Luo Zheng was least afraid of was close combat!
The moment the wings that were crazily twisting the air swept towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's hands grabbed at them like lightning!
"You still dare to grab with your hands! Kid! "Hunting Eagle sneered in its heart.
The sequins on its wings were called "Heaven Embedded Feather Blade". Each piece was meticulously crafted by the most famous craftsmen of the He Luo Clan. In order to gather all thirty-six pieces, both the He Luo Clan and the Star Falcon Race had paid a great price.
Not to mention the body of a mere human, in the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven, except for a few defensive magical treasures, there was nothing that could withstand its cutting. For example, the city walls of the Wanling City were like soft mud in front of its wings.
The moment Luo Zheng's hands blocked Hunting Eagle's wings, a crisp "clang" sound suddenly burst out. Not only did Hunting Eagle's wings fail to cut off Luo Zheng's palms, it seemed to have cut an extremely hard object!
"Not good, what is this human kid hiding in his palms? He actually blocked my Heaven Embedded Feather Blade! "
Hunting Eagle was shocked and wanted to retract its right wing that had been cut out.
Under this retraction, Hunting Eagle felt that Luo Zheng's hand was like an iron clamp, and it did not move at all!
In a hurry, Hunting Eagle's left wing cut towards Luo Zheng's head, but before the left wing could fall, it was also clamped by Luo Zheng's other hand!
"Yo —"
Hunting Eagle let out an elite cry for help in a panic, and at the same time, pulled Luo Zheng and desperately rolled in the air.
Even Big Leader Compassionate Hang thought that Hunting Eagle could deal with Luo Zheng, but Hunting Eagle began to cry for help in just a moment? Its combat power was one of the best in the Star Falcon Race!
The surrounding Star Falcons were shocked, and none of them dared to rush up!
At this moment, Compassionate Hang, as the Big Leader, finally flew up and went straight to Luo Zheng. No matter what, it had to save Hunting Eagle first!
"You're finally here?"
While rolling, Luo Zheng also noticed that Compassionate Hang was rushing towards him.
As a flying race, the Star Falcon Race was quite tricky to deal with. The most direct way to deal with it was to kill the leader of this race first, just like the leader of the Black Bear Race. To catch bandits, first catch the leader. Killing their leader would solve the problem once and for all.
Compassionate Hang's body was huge, and it was the one who issued the previous orders. Luo Zheng had already regarded it as a target.
"Hey …"
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, and grabbed Hunting Eagle's wings and pulled it into his arms. Hunting Eagle screamed, and could only hit Luo Zheng with its chest.
Luo Zheng's body suddenly curled up, and then suddenly stretched out and bounced away!
"Boom!"
The power of the stomp was at least 2,000 Godly Jun.
The body of a bird creature was originally weaker than that of an ordinary creature. How could Hunting Eagle bear this stomp?
Luo Zheng's footprints deeply sank into its chest. The bones and internal organs in its body were instantly shattered into a ball, and the huge bird body fell straight down.
With the help of the recoil from the stomp, Luo Zheng was like a sharp arrow, and once again flew towards Compassionate Hang at high speed!
As the Big Leader of the Star Falcon Race, Compassionate Hang was absolutely top-notch in terms of strength and intelligence!
When it saw that Luo Zheng was holding Hunting Eagle with both hands, its eagle eyes were filled with strong vigilance and uneasiness. Even as it approached, it was still vigilant of Luo Zheng's every move.
It didn't expect that when it was still more than 200 feet away, Luo Zheng would just step on Hunting Eagle like this, and rely on the recoil to rush towards it!
"Its target is me?"
An incomparably clear thought entered its mind.
"Yunyi Illusion! Run! "
The innate vigilance of birds could almost save its life, if it didn't encounter Luo Zheng.
At this moment, Compassionate Hang displayed a strange movement technique. When its wings rolled, it transformed into pieces of reddish-gold afterimages, like thousands of Star Falcons spreading out in all directions.
"You want to escape with this kind of illusion technique?"
Luo Zheng's gaze focused, and he had already locked onto Compassionate Hang's real body, and he grabbed it.
But with this grab, he discovered that Compassionate Hang's body was like a cloud, and it actually forcibly escaped from Luo Zheng's fingertips!

Chapter 3193
When Luo Zheng missed, he activated the Weapon of Civilization in his body, and emerald green feathers floated out.
Luo Zheng's body also became abnormally light at this moment. He reached out again, completely ignoring Compassionate Hang's Yun Yi Illusion, and grabbed its tail!
"Screech — —"
Compassionate Hang cried out, and its wings flapped wildly, creating gusts of wind.
But now that it was caught by Luo Zheng, how could it escape?
On the city wall, Feng Ge watched this scene with wide eyes, and a bored expression appeared on his face.
Blood Roar and Scarlet Lightning's eyes widened!
"That Star Falcon seems to be the leader of the Star Falcon Clan, Compassionate Hang! Squeak! "Scarlet Lightning said.
As the leader of the Wild Weasel Clan, it had met Compassionate Hang before.
This powerful Star Falcon was insufferably arrogant in front of the Wild Weasel Clan. Even Scarlet Lightning, the leader, could not raise its head in front of Compassionate Hang.
Now that it was caught by Luo Zheng, it was in such a sorry state … …
"This big bird, I've wanted to smash its head for a long time!" Blood Roar said as it looked at its metal rod.
The metal rod was still in Feng Ge's hands.
This thick metal rod was extremely heavy, and even Blood Roar found it difficult to carry it. However, this slender human girl was able to hold it with one hand. Her body's toughness and strength made Blood Roar suspect that the Giant Clan had some innate talent.
"If Luo Zheng can really take it down, there won't be any other problems," Scarlet Lightning said with a smile.
The Star Falcon Clan relied on their powerful strength to control Heavenly Water City.
Once they lost their strength, Heavenly Water City would most likely rebel against them.
The Black Bear Clan had previously relied on their strength to take over the City Guards Mansion. However, the first to counterattack was not Luo Zheng, but the Wild Weasel Clan and the Giant Clan. Luo Zheng only needed to take the lead and kill the strongest one. That would be enough.
Compassionate Hang dragged Luo Zheng up and down, and the other Star Falcons followed closely behind. Their eyes were filled with panic, and they did not know how to rescue their leader from Luo Zheng's hands.
"Shoot him!" Ci Hang let out a loud and clear voice.
Hearing their leader's order, the Star Falcons reacted and raised their wings, forming star rings.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
Star Vein Swords shot out from all directions, heading straight for Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng was at the tail of Ci Hang. The Star Falcons were wary of him, so their accuracy was naturally not good enough.
What's more, after Luo Zheng took out the feather of the Wing King, he seemed to be hiding under the wings of some rules. Even if the lucky Star Vein Sword could get close to Luo Zheng, it would be easily avoided by Luo Zheng's slight sway!
The volley of attacks from the Star Falcons was almost useless.
Luo Zheng climbed up along Ci Hang's tail and soon reached its back. With a sudden leap, he grabbed Ci Hang's neck. At the same time, Luo Zheng's cold voice sounded, "If you don't want to die, get down!"
It was not difficult for Luo Zheng to kill this Star Falcon, but if he could control it in Wanling City, it would obviously bring about a better effect!
"You want our Star Falcon Clan to submit? Dream on! "Ci Hang raised its head proudly and responded.
"Do you have a choice?" Luo Zheng asked.
Breaking the neck of this big bird was as easy as lifting a finger for Luo Zheng.
"Of course I do! Star Seal! "
Ci Hang let out another cry and suddenly circled around. The resplendent gem on its chest began to burn, releasing resplendent starlight.
"Buzz!"
A huge star ring spread out along its wings and formed a sphere, enclosing Ci Hang and Luo Zheng in it.
The space inside the sphere was not big, only enough to fit Ci Hang's body and Luo Zheng. Its broad wings were still exposed outside the sphere.
When the sphere encircled Luo Zheng, it erupted with an indescribable sealing power. Inside the sphere, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his strength weaken, as if his whole body had fallen into a quagmire. It was very difficult to move.
What he lost was not only his strength, but also the flow of blood, the flow of air, and the transmission of sound.
"What … is … this … power!" Luo Zheng's face showed surprise.
"No matter what kind of power it is, you will die with me!" Ci Hang sneered.
The wings outside the sphere were slightly deflected, and it was still gliding high in the sky, heading straight for the east of Wanling City.
When Chidian saw this scene from the city wall, his face suddenly changed. "Oh no! Ci Hang wants to bring Luo Zheng into the Dark Domain! "
"Dark Domain?" Feng Ge blinked his eyes.
"Yes! East of Wanling City, after passing Mount Tianwu and Mount Diwu, you will be in contact with a horn extending from the Dark Domain. It must be so! "Chidian said anxiously.
"I'm afraid the city guard is going to die." Blood Roar's eyes showed fear.
Although Blood Roar and Chidian were creatures of the Nirvana Realm, they stayed in the Light Domain. The Dark Domain was also their place of death. All creatures of the Light Domain had a natural fear of the Dark Domain.
"He has …"
Feng Ge originally wanted to say that Luo Zheng had the Fruit of Darkness and the candle. These two things were enough for Luo Zheng to stay in the Dark Domain. But on second thought, Luo Zheng's body did not have a Sumeru Ring at all. All the Fruit of Darkness and the candle were in her hands!
"Oh no! Take me there! "
Feng Ge casually threw Blood Roar's metal stick. After the metal stick circled in the air for more than ten times, it was inserted into the city wall with a clang.
As she jumped up, her slender legs suddenly tightened, and her whole body rushed to the east like a sharp arrow released from a bow!
Chidian and Blood Roar followed closely behind.
Blood Roar's body was huge. Every step it took was twenty to thirty feet away. Chidian's speed was originally very fast. Although the leaders of the two clans could not catch up with Feng Ge, they would not be left far behind.
Whether it was Chidian or Blood Roar, their hearts were anxious.
If Luo Zheng really died because of this, their fate would not be any better!
And it was meaningless for them to rush over like this!
Ci Hang was determined to drag Luo Zheng into the Dark Domain. They could not save him at all!
Although the Star Seal had sealed Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng did not think that he would die. With his current physical strength, it would be difficult to kill him even with the Star Vein Swords.
But when Ci Hang flew between the two mountains with Luo Zheng, he saw a dark area!
"The Dark Domain!"
"You want to drag me into the Dark Domain!"
Luo Zheng's face finally showed a dignified expression.
Without the candle and the Fruit of Darkness, entering the Dark Domain would mean certain death. His understanding of the Dark Domain was probably far better than Ci Hang, who was a creature of the Light Domain!
"My Star Vein Stone has begun to burn. There is no need for me to live. You should feel honored to die with me!" Ci Hang said firmly.
The gem on the chest of the Star Falcon Clan was called the Star Vein Stone. It was also the burning of the Star Vein Stone that could produce such a powerful sealing power.

Chapter 3194
The Dark Domain was like a huge black behemoth, covering the east of the 14th Layer of Heaven.
The darkness that Luo Zheng saw was the furthest part of the Dark Domain, which was also the closest place to Wanling City.
At first, Ci Hang did not intend to perish together with Luo Zheng.
But as the leader of the Star Falcon Clan, after discovering Luo Zheng's powerful strength, it seemed that this was the only way to go.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
A pair of wings outside the sphere suddenly flapped, carrying Luo Zheng toward the Dark Domain.
"Leader! There's no need to perish together with this insignificant human! "
"Leader! There should be a better way! "
The other Star Falcons also followed up and down, constantly calling out.
It had only been less than an hour since they attacked Wanling City. In a short time, all the elites of the clan had been killed, and even the powerful Hunting Eagle had been killed by this human boy. In order to subdue this guy, the leader even planned to take him into the Dark Domain!
Those Star Falcons could not accept it for a while.
"Get out of the way!" Ci Hang roared.
It had already made a decision and naturally would not allow its subordinates to stop it.
Those Star Falcons no longer dared to stop it and could only make way, watching the leader rush into the Dark Domain like a "black curtain".
Luo Zheng was constantly struggling in this sphere!
The power emitted by Star's Stagnation was very strange. It seemed to be a kind of sealing power, but it was far from ordinary sealing methods. Other than Luo Zheng's thoughts, almost everything else in his body was stagnated.
He looked at the Dark Domain not far away, and the expression on his face became more and more dignified.
… …
There was a ridge between Mount Tian Wu and Mount Di Wu that was not very high.
By the time Feng Ge reached the bottom of the mountain ridge, her power had already erupted. The ground beneath her feet shook violently, and at the same time, it began to crack open.
She was like an arrow, flying straight towards the mountain ridge.
Seeing the cracks on the ground, Chidian and Blood Roar were shocked again, and at the same time, they followed Feng Ge to climb up the ridge.
After the power of the sprint weakened, Feng Ge once again landed on the slope on the side of the ridge.
"Bang!"
After a huge spiderweb-like crack suddenly appeared on the slope, she sped up again.
After two or three times, Feng Ge was already standing on the mountain ridge. The pitch-black darkness of the Hidden Domain immediately entered her eyes. At the same time, she also saw the group of Star Falcons and the Star Falcon Leader that was rushing towards the Hidden Domain at high speed.
"Ah …"
Feng Ge's eyes revealed a trace of fear. Luo Zheng was pulled into the Dark Domain like this. It was almost unbearable for her.
"Whoosh!"
The two Nirvana Realm creatures, Chidian and Blood Roar, had also climbed up the mountain ridge. When they saw the scene from afar, their pupils suddenly shrank.
"It's hopeless …" Blood Roar said in a low voice.
"That Star Stagnation is said to be able to block the flow of all energy. I'm afraid the city guard won't be able to resist …" Chidian shook his head.
They were very clear about the consequences of falling into the Dark Domain. No matter how strong Luo Zheng was, it was impossible for him to survive.
However, Chidian also had his own calculations in his mind.
The death of Luo Zheng wouldn't have a big impact. After all, Feng Ge was still around. In Chidian's mind, Feng Ge's strength was not weaker than Luo Zheng. At least, it would be difficult for him to meet an opponent in the Fourteenth Heaven.
Just when Blood Roar and Chidian were having their own thoughts, Feng Ge suddenly emitted a trace of gentle aura.
As her pupils rolled, the surface was occupied by white light. Her pupils had completely disappeared …
"Highness Feng Ge …" Blood Roar was shocked when he saw Feng Ge's appearance. He instinctively revealed his fear.
"Highness Feng Ge?"
Chidian at the side also stared at Feng Ge. He didn't know what she was going to do.
Feng Ge seemed to have lost her consciousness. Her entire body became numb and sluggish. She mechanically spread her hands in front of her. Wisps of white light bloomed from her palms.
The form of light was difficult to grasp.
Almost all the light traveled in a straight line.
But in Feng Ge's hands, these lights had many patterns.
"What kind of light is this?" Blood Roar said in a muffled voice.
Looking at the blazing white light, Chidian's eyes suddenly twitched.
The people of the Baiting Weasel Tribe were originally very smart. As the leader of the Baiting Weasel Tribe, Chidian had a considerable understanding of some legends in the Dark Domain.
It was said that there were pure people in the Dark Domain who could create light and eliminate all the creatures in the Dark Domain …
Could it be that Highness Feng Ge was also a pure person?
That was impossible …
Feng Ge clearly came from the world outside the Nirvana Realm. How could she be a pure person?
Under the intersection of thoughts in Chidian's mind, two very contradictory judgments were formed. Even if she was not a pure person, what was she doing now?
As Feng Ge clasped her hands together, the light in her pupils suddenly went out, and the pupils hidden behind the white light were revealed again, but these pupils revealed deep fatigue. She closed her eyes and fainted.
Before Feng Ge fell, Blood Roar stretched out a huge palm and grabbed Feng Ge in it, and continued to muffled voice, "I fainted, she just … what did she do?"
"My God …" Chidian stared in front, and his eyes were full of an incredible expression.
The Dark Domain was a black curtain that extended from the ground to the sky. It was omnidirectional and there was no blind spot.
But at this moment, a huge crack appeared in the sky at the edge of the Dark Domain. When the crack cracked open, a blazing white light was revealed from it. The light was so bright that it could not be seen directly with the naked eye!
…
The other Star Falcons stopped outside the Dark Domain and watched their leader rush into the Dark Domain. In the blink of an eye, he was swallowed by the darkness and completely disappeared.
At the moment when he rushed into the Dark Domain, the energy in the darkness had reacted with Ci Hang's body, and the two began to corrode each other!
The hair all over his body disintegrated in an instant, followed by his skin, flesh, and bones!
And because Luo Zheng was wrapped in the Stasis of Stars, the light ball formed by the Stasis of Stars helped him resist for a while.
However, whether it was Luo Zheng or Ci Hang, they both knew that as creatures in the Light Domain, they would be wiped out by the Dark Domain sooner or later!
Just when Ci Hang thought that his goal had been achieved, a crack suddenly opened in the sky above the Dark Domain.
The strong light in the crack shone from top to bottom, directly enveloping the Dark Domain within a radius of a hundred miles!
"What, what is that …"
Ci Hang's eagle eyes were full of disbelief.
The place where he and Luo Zheng were in was no longer considered the Dark Domain …
Did the light from the crack expel the darkness so easily?
Even if he racked his brains, Ci Hang could not figure out what the problem was!
And the creatures in the Dark Domain within a radius of a hundred miles were very unlucky. All the creatures in the Dark Domain were turned into ashes under such a strong light.

Chapter 3195
Even if the matter of the dark domain turned into ashes, it would not be able to survive in this light.
Under the erosion of the blazing white light, the ashes quickly disappeared without a trace.
The area within a radius of a hundred miles was almost spotless and abnormally clean …
Ci Hang's life was in imminent danger.
On one hand, it had burned its star vein stone, and on the other hand, its entire body had been severely eroded by the dark domain.
"How, how did you do it?" It could not help but ask as it fell with Luo Zheng. Ci Hang thought that this light was caused by Luo Zheng.
Looking at the dying Star Falcon, Luo Zheng smiled faintly and said, "Because we have a Pure Witch."
In the Thirteenth Heaven, Luo Zheng had also seen how terrifying the light that Feng Ge had burst out was.
But at that time, the Great Brahma Immeasurable Sky had only been maintained for a short period of time. But now, the almost blinding light crack continued to open, as if it was going to fundamentally change this dark domain into a light domain.
This meant that Feng Ge's ability had become stronger again …
"Pure Witch?"
Ci Hang's pupils, which had been gradually enlarging, suddenly had a trace of anxiety.
Luo Zheng also noticed Ci Hang's expression and felt a little strange. What was it anxious about? But before he could ask his question, Ci Hang's eagle eyes had already closed tightly and it fell straight down …
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and looked up, staring at the huge crack in the sky. A trace of curiosity appeared on his face. "That crack is actually filled with the Great Brahma Immeasurable Sky. I wonder what kind of world is inside?"
Even Feng Ge himself could not answer this question. Luo Zheng could not enter the crack to explore now.
He was still in the dark domain and did not know how long this crack would last. Once the crack closed, the dark domain would probably come back again.
Without the hindrance of the stars, the thunder wings on Luo Zheng's back spread out again. With a leap in the air, he had already left the dark domain.
The other Star Falcons watched Luo Zheng and Ci Hang enter the hidden realm. Of course, they did not expect such a strange thing to happen. Seeing Luo Zheng spread his thunder wings and fly back, all the Star Falcons immediately scattered and flew in all directions.
Luo Zheng didn't intend to chase after these Star Falcons.
Since the leader of the Star Falcons was dead, the rest of the matter could be easily resolved.
Just as the Star Falcons were fleeing in all directions, the crack in the sky gradually closed up. The blazing white light was also gradually absorbed into the crack, and the area that was originally white was once again shrouded in darkness. The Dark Domain was making a comeback.
Seeing layers of darkness covering the area in front of him, Luo Zheng started to ponder. Dark Realm and Light Realm belonged to two different areas. However, he didn't know how the Dark Realm was formed...
"Crackle …"
Luo Zheng's lightning wings crackled as he shot towards the Heavenly Dark Mountain and the Earthly Dark Mountain.
Just as he passed by the connecting ridge between the two mountains, he saw Chidian and Blood Roar on the ridge. He also saw Feng Ge lying in Blood Roar's huge palm.
He frowned and quickly lowered his eyebrows.
Blood Roar and Chidian, the two creatures from the Nirvana Realm, still hadn't reacted. The two leaders' faces were still a little dull.
"What happened to Feng Ge?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Well, he should have … used too much strength just now," Blood Roar pointed to the distant sky and said, "so he fainted."
Luo Zheng reached out and pressed on Feng Ge's forehead. His soul wasn't damaged and his breathing was very even. Only then did he feel relieved. He gently lifted Feng Ge from Blood Roar's palm and carried him on his back.
"Let's go back to the city and discuss it!" Luo Zheng spread his thunder wings and flew towards the Wanling City.
The battle with the Star Falcons ended just like that.
Originally, Luo Zheng thought it was simpler, but he underestimated the means of the creatures from the Nirvana Realm.
One day later …
In the Town Guards Mansion, the powerhouses from the Ferret Tribe and the Giant Tribe gathered together.
There was a creature from the Nirvana Realm in front of the hall. This creature looked like a human with blue skin, long arms and legs, and a beard on both sides of his body that reached the ground.
"Who is this?" Luo Zheng asked when he saw this strange creature from the Nirvana Realm.
Chidian answered respectfully, "He belongs to the Heluo Tribe."
Luo Zheng had heard before that the Heluo Tribe was originally a member of the Wanling City. However, the tribe later migrated to the Tianshui City. Moreover, every member of this tribe was a skilled craftsman.
"The Heluo Tribe? Is it related to the Tianshui City? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Sir, after the Star Falcons were defeated, they all fled back to the Tianshui City. Now, the Tianshui City is very chaotic. Our Heluo Tribe is also involved. Please send someone to clean up the Tianshui City!" The Heluo Tribe member said.
When the Star Falcon Tribe was able to control the Tianshui City, many creatures from the Nirvana Realm in the city lived in peace.
However, once the Star Falcon Tribe was weakened, the other tribes that had been suppressed naturally began to stir up trouble. Some tribes had the same plan as the Ferret Tribe and the Giant Tribe. They planned to slaughter the Star Falcon Tribe as a sign of their allegiance to Luo Zheng.
The Heluo Tribe members were born to prefer stability and did not like to fight with other tribes. This Heluo Tribe member hurried to the Wanling City in hopes that Luo Zheng could occupy the Tianshui City as soon as possible.
"Sir, we just need to lure the Ferret Tribe and the Giant Tribe out. There's no need for you to come in person!" Chidian added without missing the opportunity.
Luo Zheng glanced at Chidian faintly and saw through Chidian's thoughts at a glance.
With the death of Ci Hang and Lie Xiang, the Star Falcon Tribe lost their core generals. Their combat power dropped by a few levels. The Tianshui City could be said to be Luo Zheng's possession.
However, Feng Ge had been in a coma since he returned to the Town Guards Mansion. Luo Zheng was not in the mood to conquer the Tianshui City.
Luo Zheng was not in a hurry, but the Ferret Tribe and the Giant Tribe were extremely anxious!
Luo Zheng would leave the Fourteenth Heaven sooner or later. By then, the two tribes would jointly control the Tianshui City and the Wanling City. This was what they had been dreaming of for countless years. However, they could only dream about it in the past. Now that they had the foundation to realize their dream, how could they hold back?
This Heluo Tribe member was most likely sent here by the Ferret Tribe …
"If that's the case, just go ahead," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
Luo Zheng's words were like an imperial edict. Chidian and Blood Roar's faces lit up and they hurriedly left with the Heluo Tribe member.
…
The news of the Star Falcon Tribe's defeat and Ci Hang's death spread rapidly in the Tianshui City. Most of the Star Falcons tried to stabilize and pacify the many Nirvana Realm tribes in the Tianshui City.
When night fell, six Star Falcons quietly left the Tianshui City and flew toward the south.
Many large tribes in the mother world chose to set up their strongholds in the Wanling City or the Tianshui City. However, there were some exceptions.

Chapter 3196
Not all great clans chose to establish their strongholds in the Myriad Spirit City and Celestial Water City.
Many great clans chose to establish a stronghold in the Paramita Wilderness. Even though this was more dangerous, it gave them more freedom.
Li Shan's stronghold was located slightly north of the Fourteenth Heaven. It was not too far from the Dark Domain.
Because Li Shan chose to settle down, some of the weaker clans followed over. There were even some Paramita lifeforms who chose to settle down here. After half a primal chaos epoch of development, the scale of this stronghold had reached a certain level, forming a small town.
When the six Star Falcons arrived above this small town, their enormous bodies were already hidden in the darkness. Only the Star Vein Stones on their chests were emitting starlight.
If one did not look carefully, the living beings below could only see six starlight dots arranged in an equal distance. They would not be able to discover the six Star Falcons hovering in the sky.
Within the small town, there was an ape covered in white fur. It looked up at the six starlight dots.
This ape came from the White Ape Clan in the Fourteenth Heaven. It was once a member of the Celestial Water City. In the end, it became hostile with the Star Falcon Clan due to some conflicts. In the end, it was forced out of the Celestial Water City by the Star Falcon Clan.
Over these years, the White Ape Clan had been working hard to return to the Celestial Water City.
This white ape was not clear about the chaos in the Celestial Water City these few days. It only knew that someone from the Star Falcon Clan had contacted it and asked for its help. If it succeeded, the entire White Ape Clan could return to the Celestial Water City.
And to the White Ape Clan, this was an exceptional opportunity!
This white ape had stayed in the small town for a long time. Its relationship with the Li Shan Clan was quite good. At least previously, when the Sun Soul of the Li Shan Clan met with some trouble, the white ape had helped them resolve it.
After looking at the six starlight dots in the sky, it turned towards the stronghold of the Li Clan. It muttered, "My White Ape Clan has helped your Li Shan Clan quite a bit. Now, it is time for you to repay us …"
After saying that, it went into the stronghold of Li Shan.
Because the people of Li Shan were familiar with the White Ape Clan, nobody stopped it.
After entering, it found a Nuwa clansman from Li Shan. This Nuwa clansman was called Yan Ling. She was the Sect Master of the Snake Spirit Sect. She had reached the Chaotic Origin Realm a hundred years ago.
He had recently returned to the 14th Heaven precisely for the sake of guiding this new batch of Chaotic Origin Clansmen from Li Mountain.
"Bai Sheng, what brings you here?" Yan Ling asked.
A mysterious look appeared on Bai Sheng's ape-like face. "The Paramita Key to the Suncrown Temple in the Northern Region has appeared. As far as I know, no one has entered the Suncrown Temple for two chaos epochs. This is an enormous opportunity!"
Hearing Bai Sheng's words, Yan Ling's heart skipped a beat.
The newly ascended Chaotic Origin Realm clansmen had reached the 14th Level World. Li Mountain was also lacking in resources. If he could lead this group of clansmen to explore a God Temple, he would definitely be able to resolve his current situation.
"But who has the Paramita Key?" Yan Ling asked.
Once a Paramita Key appeared in such a temple that had been sealed for countless years, it would definitely fetch a sky-high price.
Bai Sheng stretched out a furry hand, and there were thin lines on its palm. "The Paramita Key is here, but this time, our White Ape Clan needs to earn some money. The people of Mount Li have to pay a hundred thousand soul pills to enter the temple."
"Sure," Yan Ling agreed without hesitation.
A hundred thousand soul pills per person was definitely a worthwhile transaction. She wriggled her serpentine tail and got a Nuwa clansman to leave the Paramita before informing the Li Shan clansmen to return.
Seeing how straightforward Yan Ling was, Bai Sheng chuckled inwardly.
He did not care about these soul pills. Furthermore, the Paramita Key in his hand was a fake. His goal was to lure the target out.
The Chaotic Origin Realm experts of Mount Li were all gathered on the Heaven Ceasing Peak. After Yan Ling informed them, Sun Souls kept appearing within the stronghold. The majority of them had the appearance of a human with a snake tail. They were the Nuwa Clansmen, and the other portion were humans.
As the clansmen of Mount Li kept appearing, Bai Sheng was also paying attention to them.
The target given by the Star Falcon Clan was a human girl called Luo Yan. He had to ensure that this girl entered the Paramita World.
Seeing dozens of human Sun Souls appearing within the stronghold, Bai Sheng suddenly chuckled: "I've heard that there are quite a few new geniuses entering the Desire Realm from your Mount Li. Mount Li truly has a successor."
Yan Ling felt puzzled. Sentient beings from the Paramita World rarely paid attention to the matters of the Mother World. In any case, they were destined to never leave the Paramita World. But she still politely replied: "Indeed, this batch of new clansmen is very talented. Their future is limitless."
"I wonder if that girl called Luo Yan is within the stronghold?" Bai Sheng suddenly asked.
Yan Ling felt even more puzzled. Luo Yan had just entered the 14th Level World not too long ago. How did this Bai Sheng know about her?
Even though it was strange, Yan Ling did not think too deeply into it. She pointed at two human girls not far away and said: "She is over there."
Luo Yan and Ling Yun entered the Paramita World when they heard of the opening of a Deity Temple. Those who had just entered the Desire Realm were in urgent need of a decent Paramita Token. Exploring the Deity Temple was one of the best ways to do so.
"Why?" Ling Yun glanced at Yan Ling and asked.
Luo Yan also blinked and looked at the white-haired ape, feeling a little strange.
But at this moment, Bai Sheng's figure suddenly flashed, and a handful of green sand appeared in his hand. As he rushed over, he had already sprinkled the handful of sand at Luo Yan and Ling Yun.
"Swoosh!"
Luo Yan and Ling Yun did not have the consciousness to dodge at all. When they came back to their senses, the Soul Breaking Sand had already firmly stuck to the surface of their Yang Souls.
The Yang Souls in the stronghold were a little dumbfounded. Even Yan Ling was stunned for a moment before saying angrily: "Bai Sheng, what do you want to do?"
Generally speaking, splashing things like Soul-entangling Silk, Soul-breaking Sand, and Soul-repelling Water on Yang Hun's body was equivalent to an endless declaration of war. However, the White Ape Clan represented by Bai Sheng had always been on good terms with Li Shan, so he had no reason to specifically attack Luo Yan and Ling Yun.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry …"
Bai Sheng apologized as he retreated out of the stronghold. He retreated all the way to the entrance of the stronghold. At the same time, he waved a pair of white-haired long arms upwards.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
In the blink of an eye, six huge Star Falcons had already descended and stood upright behind Bai Sheng. Their sharp eyes emitted a fierce and cold aura.
Standing behind Bai Sheng, he continued to apologize, "I'm sorry. For the sake of our White Ape Clan, I have no choice but to work for them …"
Some people in Li Shan reacted very quickly. The moment the Star Falcons descended, many people had already retreated from the other side.
The other clansmen could leave at will, but Luo Yan and Ling Yun were blocked by the Soul Breaking Sand and were unable to leave.
"Star Falcon Clan … Our Li Shan has nothing to do with you! Don't mess around! Otherwise … "Yan Ling could have left at will, but she stood in front of Luo Yan and Ling Yun without hesitation and scolded angrily.
"Swish!"
Before Yan Ling finished speaking, a Star Vein Sword pierced through her Yang Soul, passing between Luo Yan and Ling Yun, and directly piercing through the wall of the stronghold.
"Sister Yan Ling!"

Chapter 3197
In the hearts of Luo Yan and Ling Yun, the stronghold of Mount Li was very safe.
They had been in the Desire Realm for some time. Because they didn't need to enter Wanling City, they didn't come into contact with those rude and unreasonable Nirvana Realm races.
The Nirvana Realm races in this small town were relatively docile, and they could also treat the Sun Souls of Mount Li as equals.
Even when they saw those menacing Star Falcons, the two women only panicked slightly. They didn't think that they would kill as soon as they attacked.
Yan Ling was their senior sister. She was still alive yesterday, but now she had turned into ashes. The pain in the hearts of the two women far surpassed the fear!
"Why is it like this …" Luo Yan stared blankly at the dissipating Sun Soul.
A Star Falcon drilled into the stronghold of Mount Li and looked around with its eagle eyes. In the corner of the stronghold, there were still some bold people of Mount Li who hadn't left the Nirvana Realm.
The Star Falcon said, "We don't want to kill anyone. We just want to take Luo Yan away. It has nothing to do with the rest of Mount Li. Between the two of you, who is Luo Yan?"
Luo Yan was still in grief and almost subconsciously prepared to answer. Ling Yun stepped forward, "I am Luo Yan!"
Ling Yun could already see that the Star Falcon Clan was targeting Luo Yan!
Ling Yun didn't know the reason, but she couldn't let Luo Yan be taken away.
Luo Yan opened his mouth slightly, but didn't know what to say …
The Star Falcon sized up Ling Yun with its eagle eyes and laughed sharply, "Take both of you away!"
After the Star Falcon drilled out of the stronghold gate, two wings rolled in from outside the stronghold, directly wrapping the two Sun Souls on the back of one of the Star Falcons.
Six Star Falcons suddenly flapped their wings and flew up, quickly leaving the town.
Bai Sheng of the White Ape Clan looked at the Star Falcon leaving and heaved a deep sigh of relief.
Although he felt guilty for doing so, Bai Sheng always believed that he was doing it for the White Ape Clan.
After the Star Falcon Clan completed their plan, the White Ape Clan could return to Tianshui City and restore their former glory with the support of the Star Falcon Clan. Bai Sheng would eventually become the hero of the White Ape Clan!
"Where are you taking us?"
"The Star Falcon Clan has a close relationship with Jinwu!"
"Do you know who was kidnapped? Do you want Jinwu to be flattened by Mount Li? "
Ling Yun continued to threaten him from the back of the eagle.
Although Golden Crow was also a superpower, it was not enough to withstand Li Shan's wrath.
But no matter how Ling Yun threatened them, these Star Falcons were like mutes, not replying to a single word.
Not long after, many Star Falcons carried the two women to the edge of the Dark Domain.
"Little Sister Yan 'er, it's the Dark Domain!" Ling Yun exclaimed after seeing the unfathomable darkness.
Luo Yan also looked up. His eyes were still numb, as if he was still immersed in the sadness of the death of Yan Ling.
In the thirteenth heaven, Luo Yan had seen the Dark Domain, but she had never entered it, so she didn't know much about the Dark Domain. She only knew that it was an extremely mysterious area. No matter if it was a Yang soul or a Nirvana life form, they would definitely die if they entered it.
When the Star Falcon Clan reached the edge of the Tenebrous Domain, they quickly descended.
"What do you want to do?!" Ling Yun asked warily.
"We'll take you into the Hidden Realm!" A Star Falcon replied straightforwardly.
"Into the Hidden Realm? If you want to kill us directly, just say so. Why do you need to use such methods?! "Ling Yun's voice contained a trace of fear. In her opinion, entering the Hidden Realm meant certain death.
The Star Falcon didn't want to waste any more words with Ling Yun. With a flap of its wings, two more fruits appeared.
"Swallow them! Fuse them with your souls! These things can allow you to survive in the Hidden Realm, "the Star Falcon ordered.
Ling Yun originally planned to resist to death, but when she thought of the boundless darkness of the Hidden Realm, she finally chose to compromise.
As for Luo Yan, she didn't resist at all.
After the two of them fused the Fruit of Darkness with their Yang souls, they discovered that the pitch-black "curtain" of the Hidden Realm had become less dark. The two women could actually see that within the Hidden Realm, Ling Yun and Luo Yan's eyes revealed astonishment.
When the Hidden Realm became clearer and clearer, Ling Yun and Luo Yan discovered that a few black monkeys were staring at them. They were at the edge of the Hidden Realm and could be said to be very close. Some of the horrifying monkey faces scared Ling Yun so much that she let out a scream and retreated.
"Go in!"
One of the Star Falcons flapped its wings and Ling Yun plunged into the Hidden Realm. Luo Yan also stumbled into the Hidden Realm.
The six Star Falcons didn't consume the Fruit of Darkness, so they couldn't see what was in the Hidden Realm. That wasn't something they needed to care about. These Star Falcons just followed the agreement and threw Luo Yan to the agreed location.
"Now, all that's left is to notify that stinking brat from Myriad Spirit City …" One of the Star Falcons said.
These Star Falcons hated Luo Zheng to death. They wanted nothing more than to peck him to pieces.
However, the Great Leader and Hunting Eagle had died tragically at his hands. How could ordinary Star Falcons be his match?
"Who's going?" the Star Falcon asked again.
The Star Falcons knew that Luo Yan was the younger sister of that stinking brat from the human race. If this news was passed on, that brat would fly into a rage and the person who delivered the message would most likely die.
"Me," the shortest of the six Star Falcons said.
The Star Falcon race had already reached this point. In the end, someone had to be sacrificed. This Star Falcon finally stood up.
"Buzz!"
"Buzz!"
"Buzz!"
The Star Vein Stones on the Star Falcons' chests flickered.
"May the starlight be with you …"
"May the starlight be with you …"
After the other Star Falcons sent their blessings, the Star Falcon flew southwest to Myriad Spirit City.
… …
Feng Ge had been unconscious for a day and a night before she opened her eyes. Her face was filled with exhaustion.
Opening the light crack obviously consumed a lot of energy. Even someone as strong as a Pure Witch couldn't use it wantonly.
Just as she struggled to get up, a pair of hands supported her shoulders. Luo Zheng's voice sounded, "Don't move around even if you're awake. You've overdrawn too much. You still need to rest."
Hearing the trace of guilt in Luo Zheng's words, Feng Ge pursed her lips. For some reason, she seemed to enjoy Luo Zheng's mood. If possible, she hoped that Luo Zheng would owe her more.
Just as Feng Ge was about to say something, a Star Falcon rushed in, "Reporting! Sir City Guard! "
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge both frowned and asked, "What's the matter?"
"A Star Falcon has landed outside the City Guard Mansion and is requesting to see Sir City Guard," the Star Falcon replied.
"A Star Falcon is requesting to see me?"
Luo Zheng froze for a moment. Were they going to beg for mercy?
Things had developed to this point. Begging for mercy was meaningless. Even if Luo Zheng wanted to let the Star Falcon race go, the Star Falcon race and the Giant race wouldn't let them go.
However, Luo Zheng still left the room and went straight to the gate of the City Guard Mansion.

Chapter 3198
The words of the Star Falcon were like a sharp dagger that pierced into the mind of Luo Zheng.
He abruptly opened his eyes. His eyes were filled with surging killing intent.
Even though the Star Falcon was prepared to die when it came to deliver the message, it still couldn't help but tremble when it sensed the killing intent.
Luo Zheng had always thought that Li Shan could take care of Luo Yan. After all, the entire Li Shan was stronger than the Great Yi Heavenly Palace. Even superpowers like You Xiong and Golden Crow did not dare to casually act against Li Shan.
But Luo Zheng had overlooked one point.
Currently, the threat of Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's fleshy bodies was increasing day by day. For the sake of killing Luo Zheng, the four great clans were willing to pay any price.
Back in the Chaotic Origin Great World, the sibling relationship between Luo Zheng and Luo Yan had been exposed.
For the sake of luring Luo Zheng and Feng Ge into the Dark Domain, they would naturally make an issue out of it.
Furthermore, before completely proving that "Tian Hang" was Luo Zheng, they had directly acted against Luo Yan. This meant that they were in a hurry.
The few Leading Weasel Tribesmen by the side felt the aura emitted by Luo Zheng. Their eyes were filled with worry. Luo Zheng was a member of the Great Yi Heavenly Palace. Was his sister not? Why would she be kidnapped by the Star Falcon Clan at this crucial moment?
"What do you want?" Luo Zheng asked with a heavy voice.
Since they knew how to use Luo Yan to threaten him, it meant that Luo Yan's safety was temporarily not in danger.
Capturing Luo Yan was definitely not the idea of the Star Falcon Clan. Instead, it was the Golden Crow Clan behind the scenes. He wanted to know what conditions the Star Falcon Clan would give.
"Lure the Weasel Tribe and Giant Tribe to retreat." This Star Falcon did not hesitate to give a condition.
Scarlet Lightning and Blood Roar had already led the Leading Weasel Tribe and Giant Tribe towards Celestial Water City. Currently, the Star Falcon Clan's vitality was greatly damaged. Even the original great clans of Celestial Water City could not suppress them. If these two great clans entered the Celestial Water Group, it would be sufficient to declare the destruction of the Star Falcon Clan.
"Will you release Luo Yan if I withdraw?" Luo Zheng continued to ask.
The Star Falcon shook its head and said, "If you want to save Luo Yan, you have to go to the Dark Domain."
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. Staring at the Star Falcon, he sneered, "Then why did I make the Weasel Tribe and the Giant Tribe retreat?"
The goal of kidnapping Luo Yan was to lure Luo Zheng into the Dark Domain, not to stop Luo Zheng from destroying the Star Falcon Clan.
"If you don't retreat … your sister will die!" There was a hint of panic in the Star Falcon's eyes, but it had already thrown caution to the wind. In the end, it suppressed the fear in its heart and replied.
Luo Zheng lowered his head and pondered for a while. Then, he turned his head and said to a Luring Weasel beside him, "Inform Chidian and Blood Roar to come back."
"Lord City Guard …" That Ferret Tribesman was somewhat hesitant.
"Do as I say," Luo Zheng ordered.
The Luring Weasel Tribesman could not disobey Luo Zheng. He nodded and quickly left.
Luo Zheng stared at the Star Falcon and said, "Their purpose is just to lure me into the Dark Domain. Even if they don't retreat, my sister will not die."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Star Falcon's heart trembled slightly. This guy saw through its lie with just one sentence.
"Who kidnapped my sister in the Dark Domain?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"It's Monkey, those black monkeys …" The Star Falcon replied truthfully.
"Okay, you can go."
Luo Zheng said and left without looking back. The other Luring Weasel Tribesmen also entered the City Guard Mansion.
The Star Falcon had come here with the determination to die, but it didn't expect to be able to survive. It felt as if it was in a dream. After it relaxed, it realized that it was drenched in sweat, and even its wings were wet.
"Hua …"
The Star Falcon spread its wings and hurriedly left Wanling City.
… …
Inside the City Guard Mansion.
Feng Ge saw that Luo Zheng had returned and was exuding an irritable mood. She looked faintly worried and asked cautiously, "What happened?"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand to Feng Ge. "Give me the candle and the Fruit of Darkness."
"You want to go to the Dark Domain?" Feng Ge was stunned. The candle and the Fruit of Darkness were guaranteed to be left by Luo Zheng in the Dark Domain, but she could not figure out why Luo Zheng would go to the Dark Domain.
"Just give it to me. Don't ask too much," Luo Zheng said in a muffled voice.
Feng Ge still needed to rest. Luo Zheng planned to go to the Dark Domain alone.
Feng Ge's face showed a trace of coldness. She gently withdrew her hand and said, "No matter what it is, I will go with you."
The Sumeru Ring was in Feng Ge's hands. If she did not give it to Luo Zheng, he would not be able to snatch it.
Luo Zheng fixed his eyes on Feng Ge's serious face and helplessly told her what happened outside the City Guard Mansion.
With Feng Ge's intelligence, she instantly understood.
The matter was very simple. The Golden Crow Clan felt that ordinary Nirvana Realm creatures could not deal with Luo Zheng, so they planned to borrow the power of the Dark Domain creatures.
"Did they not think that the Dark Domain creatures could not deal with me?" Feng Ge's eyes showed a trace of confidence.
The Dark Domain creatures were indeed much stronger than the creatures in the Light Domain. But she was the nemesis of all the Dark Domain creatures, so she was not afraid at all.
"Either they are still unaware, or they have other plans, such as … the Pure One," Luo Zheng said.
There should be another Pure One in the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven. This Pure One's strength should be far superior to ordinary Nirvana Realm creatures.
"If the Pure One was on their side, I'm afraid they would have killed us long ago," Feng Ge said again.
The Pure One could travel freely between the Light Domain and the Dark Domain. If they could really ask the Pure One to help them, naturally they would not need to find a way to lure Luo Zheng and Feng Ge into the Dark Domain.
Luo Zheng also could not figure out the clues. She was a little irritated and said, "Let's not care about this. Let's enter the Dark Domain and find those black monkeys first!"
When they were at the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge had seen those black monkeys. They were chased by those black monkeys and almost died in the hands of the pig-faced monsters.
At that time, Luo Zheng did not have the power to fight against the black monkeys. But now, Luo Zheng was different from the past.
After some preparation, Feng Ge followed Luo Zheng and set off again.
An hour later, the two of them passed through the mountain ridge between Dark Sky Mountain and Dark Earth Mountain, and arrived at the westernmost region of the Dark Domain.
Just as Feng Ge was about to illuminate the Dark Domain, Luo Zheng reached out and stopped her.
"We're going to save someone. Don't make too much noise," Luo Zheng said.
Luo Yan was in the hands of the other party. If the other party found out that they had successfully lured Luo Yan into the Dark Domain, they could totally kill Luo Yan.
If they wanted to save their sister, they had to catch them off guard.
So, after each of them swallowed a Fruit of Darkness, they stepped into the Dark Domain.
Because Feng Ge had opened the crack of light before, the demon plants, monsters, and even the creatures living in the Dark Domain within a radius of a hundred miles were completely eliminated by the Infinite Light. Everywhere was bare. Luo Zheng saw it with his own eyes that day.
Feng Ge saw the damage she had caused and was a little shocked.

Chapter 3199
After walking for hundreds of miles in this barren dark domain, the surrounding scenery gradually returned to normal.
Dark and low plants formed a dense forest that stretched as far as the eye could see.
。
When Luo Zheng and Feng Ge intended to pass through this dense forest, the hanging branches of the plants swayed gently.
The power of one branch may not be strong, but thousands or even tens of thousands of branches moving at the same time was enough to entangle a powerful prey to death.
They obviously also regarded Luo Zheng and Feng Ge as prey and were ready to attack at any time.
Feng Ge glanced at the slowly approaching branches indifferently, a white light flashing in his pupils, "You want to turn into ashes?"
These monster plants had thoughts. The moment they felt the threat of Feng Ge, all the branches quickly shrank like ants fleeing in all directions.
The monster plants in the middle of the dense forest, which was originally difficult to walk through, fell to the sides, forming a convenient path to pass through.
"That's more like it," Feng Ge sneered, raising his head and walking forward.
Luo Zheng shook his head with a smile. The fear of these creatures in the dark domain towards Feng Ge was not ordinary.
After passing through this dense forest, there were tall and gloomy mountains in front of them. In the darkness, it was impossible to see the height of these mountains.
The first step to entering the dark domain was to find the stronghold of the black monkeys.
But there was not a single intelligent creature at the moment, so it was still somewhat difficult to find them.
After walking along the side of the mountain for some distance, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge saw a little flame in front of them!
In the dark domain, the only thing that could produce light, other than the Infinite Heavenly Light of the Pure Witches, was the candle. The soft flame must have been born from the candle.
The two cautiously approached along the side of the mountain, and sure enough, they saw a candle not far away.
After the candle was lit, it was placed in an open space and burned alone.
The power of the candle was not as strong as the Infinite Heavenly Light, nor as strong as the natural light in the light domain, but it was still a threat to the creatures of the dark domain. Unless they swallowed the Fruit of Light, it was possible to be unharmed within the range of the candle.
The candle was obviously deliberately placed here by someone, but it was unknown what the purpose was.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge did not say a word, hiding on the other side, observing the movement around the candle.
After a while …
There was a rustling sound in the darkness.
A big insect half the height of a person, like a cricket, jumped out, and walked towards the candle.
This big insect seemed to have no fear of the candle, without any defense, it jumped into the range of the candle.
"Pata, pata …"
After entering the range of the candlelight, the soft yellow light continued to erode the large worm. Soon, its body was mottled, and its thin limbs fell off from its body. Finally, it fell in front of the candlelight.
The candlelight was still destroying the body of this big insect. If nothing intervened, this big insect would eventually disappear into the candlelight.
But at this moment, a small loop of rope suddenly shot out and wrapped itself around the large insect's body. With a sudden tug, the large insect was pulled out of the candlelight's range.
.............
. Before Luo Zheng could see clearly, the big insect was pulled into the darkness by the rope.
"There must be intelligent creatures there. Let's go find them!" Feng Ge whispered in Luo Zheng's ear.
The intelligent creatures living in the Hidden Domain must know the whereabouts of the black monkeys.
Just as Feng Ge was about to go, Luo Zheng pulled him back.
The Hidden Domain was much more dangerous than the Light Domain. No matter what the situation was, it was worth being vigilant. He said, "Let's observe first."
The two stayed where they were, watching the candle's light.
After a while, a rustling sound came from the grass not far away.
This time, it was a huge black centipede. The centipede raised its slender body and observed the candlelight. Without any hesitation, it crawled toward the candlelight.
Just like the big cricket, the big centipede was injured as soon as it entered the candle's range. Before it could get close to the candle, it couldn't crawl anymore.
"Whoosh!"
Another rope loop was thrown out from the bushes. It accurately wrapped around the large centipede's body and dragged it back into the bushes.
The big centipede was obviously very tenacious. It kept struggling as it was being dragged.
Luo Zheng saw clearly while the big centipede was struggling. It was a big dark green hand that was pulling the rope. Although he didn't know what kind of Nirvana race it was, he was sure it wasn't the black monkeys.
"They're just using the candle's light to catch insects. There's nothing to see." Feng Ge felt a little bored.
"Then let's go around it …" Luo Zheng nodded.
The two didn't have any bad intentions. They just wanted to find out something. Just as Luo Zheng got up, a buzzing sound came from the sky.
Dozens of bees the size of a gourd hovered in the air and flew towards Luo Zheng and Feng Ge!
These bees had bright colors on their bodies. Clearly, they were highly poisonous creatures!
"Hide behind me!"
Luo Zheng pulled Feng Ge behind him, and with a sudden flip of his body, he slammed his hands into the air!
"Clap clap clap clap …"
The wind from his palm struck and smashed these poisonous bees into pieces.
But just as he got rid of the poisonous bees, spiders the size of a fist suddenly appeared from the grass. There were also five-colored centipedes that were one foot long. There were so many poisonous insects hiding in this area!
Luo Zheng wasn't afraid of these poisonous insects. But when Feng Ge saw these strange-looking insects, his hair stood on end.
If it weren't for the fear of alerting the enemy, she would have released a huge amount of Immeasurable Light to burn all the poisonous insects and ants in this area!
The two of them had no choice but to retreat from their hiding place. Just as they retreated, two green figures darted out from the bushes not far away. They were two green-skinned people. These green-skinned people had stooped bodies, but their movements were very agile. They had dark red hair that resembled weeds, and their appearance was very terrifying.
"Whoosh, whoosh!"
When the two green-skinned people appeared, they threw ropes towards Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge looked at each other. They didn't dodge and let the ropes wrap around them.
The green-skinned people saw that their targets were easily caught and were slightly happy. But before they could retract the ropes, they felt an irresistible force from the other end of the ropes. They couldn't help but be dragged towards Luo Zheng and Feng Ge!

Chapter 3200
These two light cones were formed by the rapid condensation of light.
To the creatures of the light region, it was almost harmless, but to the creatures of the dark region, it was fatal.
The two green-skinned people couldn't move at all. If they tried to escape by force, the light cones would directly tear their legs in half.
Feng Ge walked forward with a grim expression. Just as she was about to interrogate these guys about why they dared to sneak attack them, she stopped abruptly before opening her mouth. She turned her head and smiled at Luo Zheng. "You ask!"
Luo Zheng nodded and took a step forward to block the two green-skinned people. Then, he said, "The two of us were just passing by. Why did you attack us with insects?"
The two green-skinned people sized up Luo Zheng. Their fear of Luo Zheng was obviously not as serious as Feng Ge's.
One of the green-skinned people opened his mouth and squeaked, waving his hands as he explained. As for what he was saying, Luo Zheng didn't understand a single word.
"Is there a language barrier?" Luo Zheng frowned.
Regardless of whether it was in the Paramita World or the Mother World, the human language seemed to be the common language. There were very few situations where there was a language barrier.
"If you don't know how to speak the human language, the two of you have no value in living. Both of you can die." Feng Ge's eyes flashed with coldness.
She was originally a decisive person. She only cared about her image in front of Luo Zheng. However, these two green-skinned people were pretending to be dumb in front of Luo Zheng. She absolutely couldn't accept it.
"Buzz buzz …"
Light cones extended from Feng Ge's fingertips like glowing fingernails. Just as she was about to slap one of the green-skinned people, the green-skinned person hurriedly waved his hand and explained, "Don't kill me, don't kill me!"
When Feng Ge's palm was a foot away from the green-skinned person, she stopped abruptly and smiled at Luo Zheng again. "You ask!"
Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry at Feng Ge's series of actions. This change of image was too deliberate.
"Since you can understand human language, I'll ask you again. Why did you attack us?" Luo Zheng asked again.
One of the green-skinned men said, "We, we are insect herders! We're trying to catch the Darkmoth Bugs. The Darkmoth Bugs are very sensitive. If you stay here, you'll definitely scare them away. At that time, all our efforts will be for naught. Our tribe will be in trouble! "
The two green-skinned men were also experts at catching insects. After setting up the candles, they used a special secret technique to conceal their auras.
If other insects invaded, they would capture them as fast as they could, but their ultimate goal was still to wait for the Shadow Bugs.
"Please, let us go. We really want to catch the Shadow Bug …" another green-skinned man said pitifully.
"Put away the light cone," Luo Zheng said to Feng Ge.
Feng Ge rolled his eyes. With a light tap of his finger, the light cone nailed to the legs of the two green-skinned men instantly disappeared.
Luo Zheng looked at the two green-skinned men and heaved a sigh of relief. He asked again, "I'm looking for the two of you to ask about something. In this hidden realm …"
Just as Luo Zheng was speaking, the wind blew loudly in the gloomy forest not far away. The treetops kept swaying to one side, and a unique smell of fresh blood spread out.
"Eh?"
After Luo Zheng and Feng Ge smelled the scent of fresh blood, their faces revealed strange expressions.
When the scent of fresh blood rushed into their noses, their hearts beat slightly. They actually had a feeling of longing for this smell.
"Darkmoth Bugs!"
"Oh no, they actually appeared at this time!"
The faces of the two green-skinned men instantly turned ashen. One of the green-skinned men flipped his hand and a bamboo tube appeared in his hand. He gently knocked the bamboo tube against his palm and poured some brown powder onto his palm. At the same time, he begged, "The two of you, this Shadowfly Bug is really related to the lives of our tribe. It has a keen sense of smell. If it smells the two of you, it will definitely run away. I beg you, please sprinkle this powder on your body!"
Without the consent of Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, they didn't dare to directly spray the powder.
Luo Zheng looked at the swaying forest in the distance and finally chose to nod.
"Swish, swish!"
After the green-skinned man sprinkled the brown powder, he asked Luo Zheng and Feng Ge to hide in the bushes on the other side. At the same time, he said in a low voice, "I don't know what the two of you want to ask, but after we catch the Shadow Bug, we will definitely tell you!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the forest in the distance finally opened up to both sides.
A worm half the height of a human crawled out of the forest!
This worm was snow-white and looked like an ice silkworm. However, the inside of the worm was filled with streaks of blood. Through the outer skin, one could clearly see the blood flowing inside.
The worm's body wasn't big, only half the height of a human. However, this worm's strength was probably not small since it could create such a powerful aura just by crawling.
The moment the worm appeared, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge felt a strange feeling in their hearts grow stronger. Their stomachs began to rumble, and the two of them started to eat as if they had seen the best delicacy.
"Strange …" Luo Zheng was very surprised. Ever since he practiced inedia, Luo Zheng rarely showed such emotions towards delicious food.
Although this feeling was strange, Luo Zheng thought for a moment and suppressed it.
However, Feng Ge next to him was different.
Her pair of beautiful eyes stared straight at the Darkblight Worm, as if her soul was attracted to it. She opened her mouth slightly and said, "I, I want to eat that worm …"
As Feng Ge spoke, she couldn't help but want to stand up. However, she was gently pulled down by Luo Zheng. "Feng Ge, what's wrong?"
"Shh!"
The two green-skinned people made a shushing gesture at the same time.
Because of this small movement, the Darkblight Worm that was crawling slowly suddenly stopped. It raised its head and looked around, its small eyes showing vigilance.
After watching for a while, the Darkblight Worm relaxed its vigilance and slowly crawled towards the candle.
One of the two green-skinned people grabbed a slender bamboo pole, while the other held a rope loop. They waited until the Darkblight Worm crawled into the candle's range before making their move.
Luo Zheng looked at Feng Ge strangely.
Although Feng Ge didn't speak, her eyes were still fixed on the Darkblight Worm. The smell of blood emitted by the worm was indeed very attractive to her.
If it weren't for the fact that she still had a trace of consciousness and Luo Zheng was beside her, she would have already pounced on the worm.
"It's going in! Get ready! "One of the green-skinned people communicated in a low voice.
The other green-skinned person grabbed the rope loop and was ready to throw it out at any time. However, at this moment, the forest not far away shook again, and three more Darkblight Worms drilled out. These three Darkblight Worms were twice the size of the first one, and were comparable to the height of an adult.
When the two green-skinned people saw the three Darkblight Worms, their expressions suddenly changed.

Chapter 3201
These Darkflybugs were a powerful type of insect.
The green-skinned man was an insect herder, so he was very familiar with the habits of all kinds of insects in the Tenebrous Domain.
Although the Ghost Pincer Centipedes and the Sinister Wind Earth Worm looked ferocious and poisonous, the insect herder always had a way to deal with them.
These Darkflybugs looked white and plump, seemingly harmless. However, their strength was enough to rank first among the insects in the Tenebrous Domain!
An insect herder would spend a lot of effort to deal with one Darkflybugs, let alone four of them!
The two green-skinned men stood upright in the bushes, their faces showing pain and regret. They had no intention of making a move.
"Why aren't we capturing them?" Luo Zheng asked telepathically.
The green-skinned man said regretfully, "Those three Darkflybugs are adult insects and are very powerful. If we capture the larva, we will definitely alarm the other three Darkflybugs. When that happens, we will definitely die."
The two green-skinned men had set up a trap here for several days. It was not easy to attract the Darkflybugs, but they did not know where to start. They were very depressed.
At this moment, Feng Ge suddenly said, "Just do it. I will help you deal with the remaining three Darkflybugs."
When the two green-skinned men heard Feng Ge's words, they were delighted.
This woman could emit that sparkling light that seemed to be able to penetrate everything in the Tenebrous Domain. If she could help deal with the Darkflybugs, they would be more than happy to do so.
Luo Zheng's brows furrowed slightly. Feng Ge's behavior had been very abnormal ever since the Shadowfly Bugs appeared. Her eyes were filled with an unconcealable desire for the Shadowfly Bugs.
Previously, Luo Zheng also had a strange desire for the Darkflybugs, but it disappeared after a little restraint. Now, it seemed that Feng Ge's situation was much worse than his. She was unable to restrain herself.
"But I have a request. Those three Darkflybugs belong to me," Feng Ge said again.
"Of course!" One of the green-skinned men hurriedly nodded and answered.
In any case, their goal this time was to capture a Darkflybug and report back. Although more Darkflybugs meant more benefits, it was already beyond their abilities.
"Da da da …"
The smaller Darkflybug increased its speed and directly entered the area illuminated by the candlelight.
The candlelight had a corrosive effect on all creatures in the Tenebrous Domain, but when it was used on the Darkflybugs, there seemed to be some exceptions.
Under the illumination of the pale yellow candlelight, a portion of the Shadow Moth's skin was corroded. At the same time, it began to shrink bit by bit. The blood vessels in its transparent body began to glow with a bright red light. It seemed to have absorbed a portion of the candlelight into its body!
When the Darkflybugs, the Darkflybugs, it was bathed in the candlelight. the Darkflybug bug was with Feng Ge..... the Darkflybugs of the Darkflybugs of Darkflybugs.
.. of Zheng.......... the Darkflybugs Feng men...... with Darkflydarkflybugs of Darkflybugs. a.
The two green-skinned men looked at each other and nodded. One of the green-skinned men used his hand to smear some spicy medicinal powder on the rope and suddenly threw it at the Shadow Beetle in the candlelight.
His throw was extremely accurate, and in an instant, it landed solidly on the head of the Shadow Moth.
. After the Darkflybug bug was caught, it began to struggle. It was so strong that the two Darkflybugs couldn't stop it.
But because of the powder on the rope, the Darkflybug bug's body became numb and stiff after struggling for a while. It lay on the ground.
The two green-skinned men took advantage of the opportunity to drag the Darkblight Bug into the bushes!
"Ji …"
When the other three Darkflybugs realized that their companion had been captured, the Darkflybugs' blood vessels suddenly spread. The originally white and fat bugs turned blood-red in an instant.
After the two green-skinned men stored the Darkmoth Bugs into a special bug pouch, they said to Feng Ge at the same time, "Senior, the three Darkmoth Bugs are already in a state of rage. Please deal with them!"
They knew how scary the angry Darkflybugs were. As they spoke, they lifted the bug pouch and prepared to leave.
However, Luo Zheng put one hand on the bug pouch and said, "We will deal with the three Darkflybugs. But the two of you can't leave yet. Don't forget what you said."
Luo Zheng still wanted to ask them about the black monkey. How could he let them go?
However, the two Darkflybugs didn't think so …
If the two died in the hands of the Darkflybugs, they could imagine what would happen to them. Now that the Darkflybugs were in their hands, they naturally wanted to escape.
However, Luo Zheng's hand was gently placed on the bug pouch. The two of them couldn't move at all!
While Luo Zheng was talking, Feng Ge had already rushed out.
Rather than saying that Feng Ge wanted to eat the Darkflybugs, it was better to say that her pure body wanted to eat them. The consciousness that this body naturally emitted affected Feng Ge's judgment, making Feng Ge think that this appetite was her own instinct.
"Xiu, xiu, xiu …"
The blood vessels that spread out from the three Darkflybugs trembled for a while. Then, more than ten blood-red rays shot out from their backs and shot straight at Feng Ge.
The speed of these blood-red rays was beyond Feng Ge's expectations. After she avoided the first ten blood-red rays, one of the blood-red rays directly penetrated her left shoulder. Even with the pure body of a pure body, a fist-sized hole was pierced by this blood-red ray. For a moment, blood dripped out!
"Feng Ge!"
When Luo Zheng saw this scene, his pupils suddenly shrank.
He thought that Feng Ge could easily deal with these Darkflybugs, but he didn't expect that she would be injured. No wonder the two green-skinned people were so scared. After the white and fat Darkflybugs were enraged, they were probably extremely powerful existences in the Dark Realm.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to rush up, Feng Ge waved to Luo Zheng and made a "no harm" gesture. Then, she suddenly lowered her body and pulled her hands together. Two white light swords that were dozens of feet long shot out from her palms. Then, she suddenly clasped her hands together and the two white light swords slashed at the three Darkflybugs.
With Feng Ge's strength, she could easily deal with these Darkflybugs by directly using the Infinite Heaven Light.
However, on the one hand, she had the intention to eat the Darkflybugs. The Darkflybugs were completely melted by the Infinite Heaven Light, so naturally, there was nothing to eat. On the other hand, the Infinite Heaven Light could spread very far in the Dark Realm. If she really alerted the enemy, the gains would not make up for the losses.
"Puff, puff!"
The white light swords were invisible and completely changed their length according to Feng Ge's thoughts. The speed at which they slashed was also astonishingly fast.
Before the three Darkflybugs could react, their bodies were swept by the white light swords. Immediately, they lay motionless on the ground.
If one looked carefully, they could find a thin crack on their bodies. Their bodies had been cut in half by Feng Ge.
When the two green-skinned people saw that Luo Zheng went to help, they took the opportunity to escape. However, before they could take a step, they saw Feng Ge easily killing the three Darkflybugs.

Chapter 3202
The strength of the green-skinned people was almost at the bottom of the dark zone. They had no idea how sharp the light cone was.
Therefore, it was not a big deal that the light cone could easily penetrate their bodies.
However, the Shadowfly Bugs were considered very powerful creatures in the dark zone. It was just that their intelligence was not high, so the Bug Masters could lure them with candles and then use drugs to capture them.
If they encountered the Shadowfly Bugs head-on, they could only run away!
Such powerful Shadowfly Bugs were cut open by Feng Ge in an instant. One could imagine the shock in their hearts!
After killing the Shadowfly Bugs, Feng Ge stepped into the range of the candlelight.
"Be careful, that candlelight …"
"That light will corrode you …"
The two green-skinned people hurriedly warned when they saw Feng Ge enter the range of the candlelight.
They wanted to run away earlier because they were afraid of death. Now that the Shadowfly Bugs had been dealt with, there was naturally no need to run away. They even had thoughts of currying favor with Feng Ge and Luo Zheng.
The green-skinned people had never seen the creatures in the light zone. To them, everything in the light zone was incomprehensible and untouchable.
Feng Ge and Luo Zheng both came from the light zone. Why would they be afraid of the candlelight?
After she stepped into the range of the candlelight, the candlelight could not harm her at all!
"Huh?"
"She, she's not afraid of the candlelight. Did she eat the Fruit of Light …"
The two of them seemed to have seen another incredible thing. Their eyes almost popped out of their sockets.
After all, other than the Shadowfly Bugs, no other creature could be unharmed under the candlelight. If the candlelight was lit for a long time, it would even corrode a layer of the surrounding ground. But that woman …
Feng Ge entered the range of the candlelight and stared straight at the corpses of the Shadowfly Bugs.
After the strong smell of blood rushed into her nose, it became harder for her to resist. She quickly approached one of the Shadowfly Bugs' corpses and reached into the body. With a gentle pull, blood-colored filaments were pulled out.
Just as Feng Ge was about to put it into her mouth, Luo Zheng quietly appeared beside her and pressed down on her hand.
"You, what are you doing?" Feng Ge asked in confusion.
"I know you want to eat these things, but don't do it before you figure it out." Luo Zheng shook his head.
Who knew where these bugs came from and whether or not they were poisonous. However, it was better not to eat them carelessly since they were so bloody.
"But …" Feng Ge's face was full of distress.
In her eyes, these bugs were her food. This was what her physical instincts told her.
However, Luo Zheng's words awakened her reason. In Feng Ge's mind, how could she eat such a disgusting thing?
Feng Ge seemed to be in a lot of pain as he struggled with two different thoughts.
At this moment, one of the green-skinned people stood at the edge of the candle and said, "You can't eat these Shadowfly Bugs. These things are fatal to us, especially their blood. If you eat them, you will bleed to death from all seven orifices …"
Hearing the green-skinned person's warning, Luo Zheng firmly stopped Feng Ge's actions.
Although Feng Ge put down the bloody mess, she was still reluctant to part with it. It was as if Luo Zheng had taken away the most delicious thing from her hands. She faintly revealed a pained expression.
"Since these Shadowfly Bugs can't be eaten, why did you catch them?" Luo Zheng suddenly turned his head and asked. The two green-skinned people worked so hard just for the Shadowfly Bugs. These Shadowfly Bugs must have their own value.
"These bugs are for the King Monkey Clan. Naturally, we can't eat them. Even if they were for us to eat, we wouldn't dare!" one of the green-skinned people explained.
"The King Monkey Clan?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly and asked, "Are you talking about the black monkeys in the dark realm?"
When the green-skinned people heard Luo Zheng directly call the King Monkey Clan "black monkeys", their expressions changed drastically. They hurriedly made a shushing expression and said, "Don't call them black monkeys. You will be killed by them!"
The King Monkey Clan was quite powerful in the dark realm. Even the green-skinned people were so afraid of them.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly and asked, "Then what does the King Monkey Clan use these Shadowfly Bugs for? If you don't eat these Shadowfly Bugs, can they eat them? "
"Of course, they can't eat them." The green-skinned person continued, "The Shadowfly Bugs are highly toxic to all living creatures, but our Heavenly Master views them as delicacies. Therefore, every once in a while, we have to hand them over to the King Monkey Clan!"
"Heavenly Master?" Luo Zheng and Feng Ge looked at each other in unison.
"Yes, the most powerful existence in our entire world …" When the green-skinned person mentioned the Heavenly Master, a pious expression appeared on his face.
The green-skinned people were native creatures of the dark realm. They didn't know much about the outside world. They only knew that the dark realm was a world with an unknown number of Heavens. They didn't know about the other side, and they didn't know about the existence of their mother world.
In their hearts, the Heavenly Master was the ruler, the most powerful existence, and the God in their hearts.
Although the King Monkey Clan would force them to search for the Shadowfly Bugs every once in a while, they only hated the King Monkey Clan. They didn't hate the Heavenly Master at all.
However, the Heavenly Master that Luo Zheng and Feng Ge knew was only a Pure One in the First Heaven!
Since the Heavenly Master could eat the Shadowfly Bugs, then Feng Ge could do the same!
When Luo Zheng saw Feng Ge's eager expression, he still shook his head at her. "Put these Shadowfly Bug corpses into your spatial ring first. After verifying that they're safe, I'll let you eat them."
If the Heavenly Master needed to constantly eat the Shadowfly Bugs, then it meant that these bugs were beneficial to Pure Ones. At that time, even if Feng Ge wasn't willing, Luo Zheng would still suggest that she eat some.
Feng Ge expended a great deal of willpower to suppress the desire in her heart. Then, she activated her spatial ring and gently waved it over the bug corpses. The bug corpses were all sucked into the spatial ring.
The green-skinned person had never seen a spatial ring before. Looking at the disappearing Shadowfly Bugs, he was once again dumbfounded.
After the Shadowfly Bug corpses were sucked into the spatial ring, the smell of blood in the air gradually disappeared. Feng Ge felt a little better. At least she didn't have to struggle to suppress the desire in her heart.
Luo Zheng stared at the green-skinned person and said, "After you catch this Shadowfly Bug, are you going to personally deliver it to the King Monkey Clan?"
"No." The green-skinned person shook his head. "They don't have the qualifications to enter the King Monkey Clan's territory."
Another green-skinned person said, "The King Monkey Clan will come to us tomorrow to collect the Shadowfly Bugs. Our Bug Master Clan sent out several hundred bug corpses to capture them. If we can't even catch a single Shadowfly Bug, then I'm afraid that what awaits us will be the extinction of our clan."

Chapter 3203
Now that he had a lead on the black monkey, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't let it go. He immediately expressed that he wanted to go back with the two green-skinned people.
The two green-skinned people didn't know about the grudge between Luo Zheng and the "King Monkey Clan", so they naturally agreed.
The green-skinned people were very familiar with this area. Under their lead, they lived together peacefully. At the same time, Luo Zheng also learned about the Bug Master Clan from them.
The Bug Master Clan was considered a low-level clan in the dark domain. They only made a living by taming, raising, and catching insects.
These two green-skinned people were the "Bug Masters" of the Bug Master Clan. They specially went out to catch insects. After they caught the insects, there would be someone in charge of raising the insects. That person was a Bug Master.
After raising the insects in captivity for a period of time, there would be people who caught insects to train them. They were called Bug Tamers.
The insects that the Bug Master had used to attack Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were the insects tamed by the Bug Tamers.
The smaller green-skinned person was called Min Qi, while the slightly taller one was called Min Mou. After the two brothers were scared but not in danger, they were very happy. As long as they could bring back the Bug Master Clan, they would be heroes of the Bug Master Clan.
After walking along the dark mountain range for two hours, there was a huge depression in front of them. In the depression, there were some messy steps.
After going down the steps, they saw densely packed caves on both sides.
Many green-skinned people were going in and out of the caves. In this depression, there were also many insects.
The shapes of these insects were strange, and each of them looked repulsive. However, in this valley, all the insects were as docile as domestic dogs. They were very obedient.
After Min Mou and Min Qi entered the depression, they raised the insect pouch in their hands and shouted at the same time, "We caught the Bug Master! We caught it! "
At this moment, all the green-skinned people looked over.
The atmosphere in the depression was originally very gloomy.
The King Monkey Clan was like an axe floating above everyone's head. These days, the Bug Masters had not been able to catch any Nightcrawler Bugs. If there were still no Nightcrawler Bugs tomorrow, they would not be able to answer to the King Monkey Clan.
Five years ago, the Bug Master Clan had also failed to capture the Shadowfly Bug. At that time, the King Monkey Clan had slaughtered almost half of the Bug Master Clan as punishment. This time, if they failed to capture the Shadowfly Bug, there was a possibility that the entire clan would be wiped out.
Now that Min Mou and Min Qi had really brought back a Shadow Bug, the entire mountain valley was in an uproar.
Many green-skinned people came out of the cave and gathered in front of Min Mou and Min Qi from all directions.
Min Mou and Min Qi opened up the insect pouch, revealing the Dark Flycatcher Insect inside. This Dark Flycatcher Insect was still sleeping soundly, unaware of its situation.
"Roar roar roar …"
"Roar roar roar roar roar …"
No one knew who took the lead, but all the green-skinned people started roaring. The sound echoed in the valley, deafening everyone's ears.
In the midst of the roaring, several green-skinned people carried a black plate and carefully placed the Dark Flycatcher Insect on the plate. They then carried the Dark Flycatcher Insect and left.
At this moment, Min Qi suddenly waved his hand, and the entire mountain valley quieted down again. Min Qi said, "It's all thanks to these two guests that we were able to catch the Shadowfly Bug. We have to treat our guests well …"
The mountain valley was in an uproar again.
Feng Ge did not like such a noisy environment, so he wanted to pull Luo Zheng away.
They came for the clues of the black monkey, not to experience the life of a low-level tribe.
However, Luo Zheng pulled Feng Ge back and shook his head, saying, "We'll just wait here until tomorrow. It won't be too difficult."
Feng Ge pouted and reluctantly stayed.
In order to treat Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, the Bug Master tribe even held a grand banquet.
However, the dishes at the banquet were a little frightening. They were all kinds of insects and insect eggs. No matter how these "Bug Masters" warmly invited them to taste, they were all rejected by Luo Zheng …
There was not much difference between day and night in the dark domain. Outsiders like Luo Zheng and Feng Ge could hardly sense it, but the Bug Masters could easily distinguish it. The entire Bug Master tribe was immersed in it.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge quietly swallowed a Fruit of Darkness and quietly waited in the dark.
Eight hours later …
Suddenly, there was a burst of dense footsteps from the other side of the mountain valley.
"Da da da da da …"
It sounded like the sound of horse hooves!
Luo Zheng looked up at the top of the mountain valley and squinted his eyes. A group of black monkeys riding horses came into view.
The black monkey at the front gently pulled on the horse's mane. The horse suddenly raised its body and neighed. Its front hooves suddenly stepped on the edge of the mountain valley and exploded with a powerful force.
"Boom!"
The entire mountain valley began to shake, and the two caves below the horse collapsed. The green-skinned people in the caves were naturally crushed as well.
After feeling the tremors, all the green-skinned people rushed out of their caves and looked at the King Monkey tribe in fear. Some of the green-skinned people directly knelt on the ground and kowtowed to the King Monkey.
"Have we gathered all the Shadow Bugs we asked for?" The King Monkey at the front asked in a sharp voice.
"Yes, we have! Sir King Monkey, we have gathered all of them! "
A few green-skinned people hurriedly carried out a black plate. The plate seemed to have been decorated, and the Shadow Bug was still lying on the plate and sleeping soundly.
The green-skinned people climbed up from the slope on the side of the mountain valley and offered the Shadow Bug to the King Monkey.
The King Monkey looked down and said, "One is not enough. I want two!"
"Two?"
"For so many years, it's enough to offer one each time. Why do you want two this time?"
"But we've only caught one Shadowfly Bug!"
The green-skinned people's faces turned as white as paper. The King Monkey was unreasonable. It was not hard to imagine the consequences of not being able to gather enough Shadow Bugs.
"It's different this time. The Lord is very hungry. He wants more food. You … can't provide it?" The King Monkey's voice contained a hint of murderous intent.
In their eyes, there was no need for these green-skinned people to live. If they were not killed for a period of time, they could reproduce hundreds or even thousands of them. If they could not provide a second Shadow Bug, it would be a good excuse to slaughter them.
The green-skinned people in the mountain valley were silent. No one dared to answer the King Monkey's question.
The two brothers, Min Mou and Min Qi, were also very anxious. Feng Ge still had three Shadow Bugs, but the Lord only ate living Shadow Bugs and did not touch the dead ones.
If they had known, they would have asked Feng Ge and the others to show mercy yesterday. It would have been great if they could have one more.
But they did not know that even if they had two, the King Monkey would ask them for a third. As the saying goes, if you want to condemn someone, you can always find a pretext.

Chapter 3204
When Min Mou and Min Qi heard Luo Zheng's sudden words, they immediately panicked.
If Luo Zheng offered the dead Nightshade Bug to the King Monkey, he would probably be killed by the King Monkey on the spot!
Min Qi hurriedly rushed over and said to Luo Zheng, "Friend, they want a live Nightshade Bug, not a dead one!"
Luo Zheng smiled calmly and said, "I'm talking about a live Nightshade Bug!"
"But a live Nightshade Bug, where are you …" Min Qi had just finished speaking when he saw Feng Ge lightly shake his Sumeru Ring, and a Nightshade Bug half the height of a person lay on the ground.
Where did this Nightshade Bug come from?
The two brothers Min Qi and Min Mou were instantly dumbfounded.
The three Nightshade Bugs were the size of an adult, and they were all killed by the two of them. It was impossible for it to be this one.
The two brothers also remembered that Luo Zheng and Feng Ge did not even know what a Nightshade Bug was before, so it was even more impossible for them to capture it!
There was something even stranger …
Although this Nightshade Bug was lying on the ground obediently, it was not asleep. This bug was easily angered, so how could it be so obedient?
"Don't ask too much, just hand it over," Luo Zheng said in a low voice.
Min Qi and Min Mou were full of doubts as they placed the Nightshade Bug on an iron plate. The two of them climbed out from the bottom of the valley and brought the Nightshade Bug to the King Monkey.
Since Luo Zheng and Feng Ge did not offer themselves, the King Monkey Clan did not know that there were humans below.
The King Monkey in the lead sized up the Nightshade Bug, then pursed its lips. Someone beside it moved the Nightshade Bug over, then it snorted coldly, turned its horse around, and left with the team.
The King Monkey's original intention was to find an excuse to slaughter the Bug Master Tribe, but it did not expect the Bug Master Tribe to actually take out a second Shadowfly Bug. After all, it could not ask for a third one, so it could only leave.
After the King Monkey had led the team for some distance, it suddenly shouted, "Mie Jie, Mie Ba!"
"I'm here!"
"Annihilation Calamity!"
Two burly black monkeys rode their horses and followed from both sides.
"Those Bug Masters clearly caught two Darkflybug Bugs, but they tried to hide one. This is unforgivable. Kill half of them as punishment!" The King Monkey said coldly.
"Slayer Tyrant received the order!"
After the two King Monkeys Mie Jie and Mie Ba cupped their hands, they each led six King Monkeys to ride their horses and turned around, heading straight for the col where the Bug Master was.
Seeing the King Monkey Tribe leave, the Bug Masters breathed a sigh of relief. They knew very well that if Luo Zheng had not taken out the Shadowfly Bug in an emergency, the King Monkey Tribe would have killed them all today.
A well-respected Bug Master walked out of his cave with the help of the others. After arriving in front of Luo Zheng, he kowtowed to him. "Thank you, benefactor, for coming from afar and saving our Bug Master Tribe from disaster."
"No need to be so courteous." Luo Zheng reached out to help the Bug Master up. "I think the King Monkey Tribe is just looking for an excuse to slaughter your Bug Master Tribe. Even if you manage to survive this time, I'm afraid your Bug Master Tribe will not be able to escape the calamity next time."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, the Bug Master burst into tears. "Who asked us to be weaker than them? Other than being slaughtered by them, what choice do we have?"
Living under the shadow of the King Monkey Tribe, the fate of the Bug Master Tribe was indeed very miserable. They were almost at the mercy of others and were slaughtered at will.
At this moment, Min Qi seized the opportunity to ask, "How did benefactor take out the Shadowfly Bug just now? I remember that benefactor does not have a living Shadowfly Bug in his hands …"
The two brothers Min Qi and Min Mou could not understand.
Of course, Luo Zheng would not tell them the truth. He just smiled and was about to brush them off when the sound of horse hooves came from above the col.
"Tuk tuk tuk …"
After hearing the sound of horse hooves, all the Bug Masters' faces changed.
After a while, more than ten King Monkeys appeared at the edge of the col again. They heard the King Monkey named "Mie Jie" say loudly, "I have orders. The Bug Master Tribe has the intention to hide the Shadowfly Bug. This is an unforgivable crime. Half of their tribe will be executed as punishment!"
Mie Jie's loud voice reverberated in the valley. The Bug Masters' faces turned pale when they heard this.
They did not expect the King Monkey Tribe to turn back after handing over the Shadowfly Bug.
"Bug Masters in the valley, come up and die!" Mie Jie shouted from above the col.
In the eyes of the King Monkey Tribe, the Bug Masters were weak by nature and did not have enough strength. There was no room for resistance at all. They could only follow the King Monkey's orders obediently. The King Monkey did not even plan to go down to the col to slaughter them. They only wanted the Bug Masters to go up and die.
The Bug Masters in the col did not move …
Who would want to be the half that died?
"It seems that all the Bug Masters want to die together, then we will fulfill your wish," Thanos shouted and turned over from the horse's back. There was a double-pointed long stick in his hand.
Just when all the Bug Masters were trembling, Luo Zheng's voice came again, "Wait a minute."
It was this voice when they handed over the Shadowfly Bug. Naturally, Mie Jie and Thanos remembered it.
However, because Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were at the bottom of the col and did not show up, they thought Luo Zheng was also a Bug Master. However, when Luo Zheng and Feng Ge appeared, the King Monkey above the col was slightly stunned.
"Who are you?" Thanos stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
The Bug Masters looked at Luo Zheng nervously. Luo Zheng had just used a Shadowfly Bug to solve the crisis of the Bug Master Tribe. They naturally hoped that Luo Zheng had other ways to persuade the King Monkey to leave. However, they knew that the possibility was very small.
Who knew that Luo Zheng suddenly sighed and said, "If you were willing to leave with the King Monkey, you could still live for a while. However, you turned back and brought about your own destruction. Don't blame me for this."
The Shadowfly Bug that Luo Zheng gave to the King Monkey was, of course, not a real Shadowfly Bug. It was transformed by the Shapeshifting Magic Block.
When Luo Zheng got the black box in the iron house and put the Shapeshifting Magic Block in it, he also planned to release the Shapeshifting Magic Block in the Dark Domain.
But now Luo Zheng was anxious to find his sister, so he naturally did not have this opportunity.
Since the King Monkey Tribe wanted more Shadowfly Bugs, Luo Zheng naturally took advantage of the situation and ordered the Shapeshifting Magic Block to transform into a Shadowfly Bug.
The Shapeshifting Magic Block was unwilling at first, but under Luo Zheng's coercion, it could only choose to comply. At the same time, Luo Zheng let Feng Ge leave a soul mark on it. The King Monkey took the Shapeshifting Magic Block and left.
They could naturally track down the location and plan how to attack.
It was just that Luo Zheng did not expect that some of the King Monkey would return.
When Mie Jie, Thanos, and the other King Monkey heard this, their monkey faces suddenly showed a look of not knowing whether to laugh or cry.
In the Dark Domain of the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven, there were few creatures who dared to speak to them like this. If they did not hear it with their own ears, they would not believe their ears at all.
"Bring about my own destruction? I, Mie Jie, want to know how to bring about my own destruction! "
Thanos's face was filled with wild laughter. He grabbed the double-pointed long stick and jumped up from the top of the col.