Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(rem)
Vol.4

Chapter 3845
Luo Nian felt somewhat disheartened by the giants' foolish reactions.
He suddenly recalled Elder Xue's words. The creatures born after the Great Tribulation in the Deep Space World were all very stupid. They were a race that couldn't be taught.
The Profound World had also suffered a Great Tribulation, so the situation was probably similar to the Deep Space World's. These giants' intelligence was pitifully low.
"Have you seen your master?"
Jiang Ziya asked.
Since these giants didn't understand, they could only eavesdrop bit by bit. Jiang Ziya was much more experienced in this aspect.
"No … … Master speaks in our minds!"
The giant replied.
Jiang Ziya nodded and asked, "Can everyone in your tribe hear him?"
"Everyone," the giant said.
"It's a will descending," Jiang Ziya muttered.
"No one in the Four Dimensional Worlds has such a powerful soul. Could it be a Degrader?"
Luo Nian asked suspiciously.
"It's very possible," Jiang Ziya said as he looked at the purple crystals on the backs of the giants. He then asked, "How did you get these purple crystals?"
If it really was a Degrader controlling these giants, then the purple crystals must have been given to them by the Degrader.
There was no way to tell if the Degrader could return to the Profound World, but he would definitely find a way to send the purple crystals out of the Chaotic World. From there, he might be able to find clues about the Chaotic World.
"The chief gave them to us. The chief bestowed us with great power!"
One of the giants said.
"Where is your chief?"
Jiang Ziya's voice became gentler.
At that moment, a loud voice rang out from afar. "No need to look. I'm right here!"
On top of a mountain not far away, a giant the size of a small hill appeared.
This giant's head was embedded with clusters of purple crystals. These purple crystals extended from his head all the way to his arms. Blood seeped out from the bottom of the crystals. They had just pierced into his body.
Then, one giant after another emerged from the mountain. In the blink of an eye, there were over a thousand of them.
Seeing these giants, Jiang Ziya became vigilant. He gripped the God Beating Whip tightly.
"That's great!"
Luo Nian smiled and stomped his foot on the mountain. His body formed a parabola as he smashed towards the chief.
Seeing Luo Nian make the first move, all of the Pang Hao Tribe members roared.
"Buzz!"
Every purple crystal on the patriarch's body began to glow.
An enormous amount of power stimulated every single meridian in his body. His eyes turned red, and a huge fist smashed towards Luo Nian.
Boom!
A sound that was neither crisp nor muffled rang out.
Luo Nian's charge was blocked by the patriarch, but the patriarch paid a terrible price. His thick arm began to crack from the middle, and the purple crystal embedded in his arm shot out like an arrow. More than half of his shoulder was torn apart.
Luo Nian took a step forward and grabbed the Patriarch's enormous head with one hand. "Where did you get these purple caltrop crystals?
I'll give you three breaths of time to answer, or die! "
Pang Hao's clansmen never thought that their prey would be so powerful …
The giants, including the patriarch, stood in place, not daring to move.
"I, I, Master gave it to me …" The Patriarch answered honestly.
"Where is Master?
Still three breaths of time. "Luo Nian asked again.
Just as the patriarch was about to speak, the purple crystal behind him began to flicker again.
Then, as if he'd gone mad, he ignored Luo Nian's threat and reached out with his remaining arm.
But the moment the patriarch attacked, Luo Nian's hand squeezed lightly, and the patriarch's head exploded.
"Roar!"
"Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!"
"Eliminate the Beasts …"
The giants began to surround Luo Nian.
They weren't seeking revenge because of the patriarch's death. Rather, the purple crystals on their bodies were flickering with light, and they were using their violent power to cleanse their bodies and control their souls. The giants transformed into a group of flesh and blood puppets that attacked Luo Nian.
"Too slow. Too weak …."
Facing these opponents made Luo Nian feel like an adult beating up a child.
His body blurred, and he flitted through the giants like the wind. Every time he passed a giant, he would leave a fist mark on their head. The giants' heads rapidly deformed, disintegrated, and shattered ….
"Clang! Clang! Clang!"
The giants were like heavy wooden planks, smashing into the ground one after another.
In less than ten breaths of time, Luo Nian had already killed twenty or thirty giants.
But when Luo Nian glanced around, he saw that there were still many giants on the mountain ….
"There are too many …. Kill them all!"
Luo Nian raised the Skyring Staff and ordered.
"Whoosh …."
Almost a third of his power had been sucked away.
A sliver of lightning sprouted from the Skyring Staff, and then Luo Nian heard the crackle of lightning.
The entire mountain was covered in lightning. The lightning only lasted for an instant. After the lightning disappeared, all the giants maintained their original postures. Some were charging, some were climbing, and some were running. But their bodies were charred black, and their vitality had been extinguished.
Although he'd seen the power of the staff, Jiang Ziya couldn't help but be shocked.
After all, the higher the world, the lower the power level. Jiang Ziya's power had been severely weakened in the Profound Quantity World, but it was still terrifying in the Chaos World.
Luo Nian's attack was already so powerful in the Profound Quantity World. How much of a disturbance could it cause in the Chaos World?
Looking at the giant corpses, Luo Nian was slightly worried. "They've all been controlled. The enemy is too cunning."
Jiang Ziya wasn't discouraged. "Since they've targeted us, they'll definitely attack again …."
As he spoke, there was movement not far away. Luo Nian smiled faintly. "It seems that senior was right."
But when Luo Nian looked over, his face froze.
Another group of Pang Hao clansmen had appeared on the opposite mountain.
There were also over a thousand of them, and the leader was the same clan leader. Even the purple crystals on the clan leader's body were the same.
Jiang Ziya also realized something was wrong. "What! These giants are all clones? "
"Go!"
The clan leader waved his arm, and all the giants charged over from the opposite mountain.
Luo Nian frowned, and hesitantly raised the Skyring Staff.
"Kill them."
"Boom!"
The Skyring Staff sucked another third of Luo Nian's power.
Another wave of lightning fell ….
In the blink of an eye, this large group of giants was completely wiped out.
But after releasing the lightning twice, Luo Nian clearly felt a trace of weakness. More than two-thirds of his power had been used. If he released the lightning a third time, he wouldn't be able to use the Skyring Staff.
The power of the Skyring Staff depended on the user's power. Luo Nian had been strengthened twice by Levita, and was equivalent to a peak expert in deep space, but his power was limited.
At this moment, Luo Nian had a bad feeling. That hidden opponent seemed to know him and the Skyring Staff very well?

Chapter 3846
Just as Luo Nian was feeling slightly uneasy, he saw a ray of blue light flash past the left side of the mountain.
After this ray of blue light circled an area, the figures of giants appeared in that area.
There were still thousands of Pang Hao clansmen … "Senior Jiang Ziya, let's leave this place!"
Luo Nian said as he waved the Skyring Staff.
A formless wind pressure suddenly swept the two of them up into the sky, and they quickly left with the wind.
The Pang Hao clansmen saw Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya leave but did not chase. They could not catch up.
The patriarch looked at the sky and asked, "Master, they have already escaped."
"Bzzt bzzt bzzt …" Dots of five colored light appeared above the heads of the Pang Hao clansmen. These light waves were of different lengths and merged together to form a giant kun floating in the air.
If Luo Zheng saw this scene, he would recognize this as the Starry Sky Horned Kun he had seen in Soul City.
The Starry Sky Horned Kun was Ku Shu's mount. It was not a living being, but a ball of intelligent energy. As a member of the Four Spirit Gates, the Starry Sky Horned Kun should be the only existence that had escaped the great calamity.
For a long time, it had been circling outside the chaotic world. It could be seen in Three Clear Heaven.
The Starry Sky Horned Kun's voice quickly transmitted.
"Don't worry, they will not be able to escape … As long as I do not deactivate the 'absolute state of existence,' you will not truly die."
"I will continue to project you in front of them again and again until they are killed."
The Starry Sky Horned Kun had always been the holy beast of the Pang Hao Clan.
As a clan born after the great calamity, the Pang Hao Clan was able to grow to this day due to the mercy the Starry Sky Horned Kun had bestowed upon them.
Both the patriarch and the clansmen listened to the Starry Sky Horned Kun.
However, these Pang Hao clansmen didn't notice the change in the Starry Sky Horned Kun. The tip of its originally colorful horns was now mixed with a bit of black light, and the Starry Sky Horned Kun's lively eyes were now filled with confusion.
The Starry Sky Horned Kun was no longer the holy beast that had protected them for countless years … "Whoosh whoosh whoosh …" Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya flew a considerable distance in the air before slowly descending into a forest of giant trees.
The two stood on the crown of a giant tree. Both of them were slightly depressed, but Jiang Ziya was much calmer. Luo Nian's.
"We can't go back! What's the point of letting me get it?! "
As Luo Nian spoke, he waved the Skyring Staff around.
"Phew! Whoosh! Bang! Kacha … One of them smashed directly into the tree trunk. How could the thick tree trunk withstand Luo Nian's strength?
It snapped at the sound! Fortunately, the Tian Huan Staff was not an ordinary item. The seemingly crude tree stump was as hard as gold.
Under the setback, Luo Nian's nature erupted again.
Jiang Ziya remained silent.
He had no idea how to find the Chaos World.
He was also well aware of the consequences of not being able to return … While Luo Nian was still venting, another beam of blue light flashed across the treetops not far away.
Just like before, those damned Pang Hao clansmen appeared once again within the range of the blue light! "You just won't go away! All of you … are courting death! "
He had impulsively used the Skyring Staff without hesitation.
"Nian 'er!"
Jiang Ziya wanted to stop Luo Nian from using the Sky Ring Staff, but it was too late. Another third of the staff's power had been absorbed … The Sky Ring Staff would use a fixed power against a specific target.
As the power of the Sky Ring Staff flashed, another bolt of lightning enveloped the Pang Hao clansmen.
"Boom …" In the blink of an eye, the lives of these Pang Hao clansmen were ended.
The sound of thunder caused some birds to fly in all directions and cry out.
This time, Luo Nian felt weak after his power was sucked away.
His physical body's recovery ability was strong, but it could not withstand Luo Nian's squandering.
He had just killed this group of Pang Hao clansmen when a beam of blue light appeared on another treetops. These giants appeared again! "Don't waste time with them, let's go!"
Jiang Ziya said.
Luo Nian nodded. He forced himself to raise the Sky Ring Staff and used the wind pressure to pull him and Jiang Ziya up into the air.
Since the Pang Hao clansmen could follow them all the way here, he and Jiang Ziya were definitely being followed.
The other party chose to hide behind the Pang Hao clansmen not because they were afraid of Luo Nian, but because of the Sky Ring Staff in his hand … Once they saw that Luo Nian's power was depleted, they would probably attack and steal it.
"Phew … Senior Jiang Ziya, is there anything that can replenish energy?"
"Do you eat divine crystals?"
The Starry Expanse Realm had a higher standard. It was very inefficient to rely on materials from a lower level world to replenish energy.
After flying for a while, the two landed again.
However, the situation was exactly the same as before. Whenever they touched the ground, the beam of blue light would appear and shoot the giants over, forcing Luo Nian to fly up into the air again.
After three or four times, Luo Nian felt that not only did his power not recover, it was weakening! He would be finished sooner or later! After realizing this, Luo Nian suddenly made up his mind. "Bring us to the top of the Holy Pillar!"
Whoosh!
The higher the level of the world, the harder it was to move through space. Luo Nian was not confident. He did not know if the Sky Ring Staff could do greater teleportation, nor did he know if his physical strength could withstand it.
The Sky Ring Staff had almost sucked all of Luo Nian's physical strength dry. When his physical strength was insufficient, the Sky Ring Staff even started to suck the power of the soul! Luo Nian felt the world spin, and he almost fainted. Then, the two were wrapped in a layer of blue light and disappeared from the sky.
In the next moment … the two arrived at the top of the Holy Pillar.
Jiang Ziya was standing steadily on the top, while Luo Nian was powerless and directly fell onto the top.
"Senior, quick, quick, go tell my father …" In the present situation, they probably could not enter the chaos world. The only possibility was for Luo Zheng to come out.
Luo Nian had squeezed out the last of his power for this gamble.
Without another word, Jiang Ziya ran to the edge of the Holy Pillar. He placed his finger on the link of the sword and started to lightly pluck the string.
He had seen how Luo Nian operated it before. With his intelligence, he only needed a glance to understand.
On the Jade Platform.
Luo Zheng's group had been waiting.
The distance from the Holy Pillar to the chaos world was not far. Jiang Ziya could bring Luo Nian down from the Ji delete space at any time.
As time slowly passed, they became more and more impatient.
"Why haven't they descended?"
"Ji delete space can't descend?"
"Maybe they can't find the way back …" "Did something happen?"
Just as everyone was anxious, Hua Tianming's sword started to vibrate again. A new message came.
"I am Jiang Ziya. We can't find the chaos world and can't return!"

Chapter 3847
When everyone heard Hua Tianming's words, they were all stunned.
The Primal Chaos Realm was a huge world. Such a huge existence had to be fixed in one place. How could they not find it?
"You really can't find your way back?"
"Did you go the wrong way?"
"You can look carefully …"
Luo Zheng, Fuxi, and the others asked in confusion.
Nuwa interrupted them. "Jiang Ziya isn't an idiot. Luo Nian isn't stupid either. If they went the wrong way, they wouldn't have gone back to the Holy Pillar for help. The situation must be more complicated than we think. Listen to him!"
The people on the jade platform felt that Nuwa was right. They immediately quieted down and stared at Hua Tianming.
"We're being chased. The enemies are endless. Nian 'er can resist, but he's exhausted. I don't know how long he can last." Hua Tianming continued Jiang Ziya's words.
Luo Zheng, who had been calm, suddenly became excited. "Chased?
Who chased? "
After a while, Hua Tianming replied, "Some giants."
When the giants of the main world were mentioned, Luo Zheng's mind quickly thought of Bofan.
If there really were endless Pang Hao clansmen, it would be a huge crisis for Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya!
"What do we do?"
Luo Zheng stood in place and paced back and forth.
The Skyring Staff was outside, Jiang Ziya was outside, and Luo Nian was outside. Luo Zheng was as anxious as an ant on a hot pan.
After a few steps, Luo Zheng suddenly looked at Nuwa. "The Immortal Painting! Enter the Eternal God Court through the Immortal Painting! That's the fastest shortcut! "
Luo Zheng shouted that he wanted to enter the Immortal Painting, but no one on the jade platform responded.
In the end, the Primeval Lord of Heaven spoke. His remaining soul floated out of the Tool of Civilization. He sighed. "Luo Zheng, the Immortal Painting cannot be opened until the time is right. Moreover, you forgot that Ping Yi Heaven was also destroyed by the Degrader."
Ping Yi Heaven was destroyed. The Immortal Painting could not survive alone. It would collapse along with it.
Fuxi tilted his head, unable to find a solution. Nuwa pursed her lips.
Not long ago, Luo Nian had just completed a miraculous mission. Who would have thought that there would be a slip-up at the last moment, and the situation would take a turn for the worst. Most importantly, there was no solution …
They couldn't go to Jixu's space, much less the Xuan Liang World.
"Someone can send me to Jixue Space!"
Luo Zheng suddenly thought in his anxiety.
"Evil Deities?"
Nuwa also thought of this at the same time. She said dejectedly, "He might not be willing to help you. Also, don't forget that Jiang Ziya has shut down Ji Deleted space. Even if Evil Deities can control the truth of space, he still can't send people into Ji Deleted space …"
Ji Deleted Space was already under Jiang Ziya's control. Even the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods had no right to interfere.
"Hiss …"
Luo Zheng took a deep breath, the veins on his forehead bulging.
At this moment, Ku Shu suddenly said, "There is another way to go."
"What path?!"
Luo Zheng appeared in front of Ku Shu almost instantly.
"There are actually two paths in the Great Conjecture Institute's tunnel. One of them is for them to go home," Ku Shu answered.
As soon as he finished speaking, everyone looked over with a "why didn't you say so earlier" expression.
Ku Shu had his own considerations, "The problem is who to send over. Wen Dizhi and the Human Spirits of the Great Conjecture Institute, including me, can't return to the main world. Once they enter the main world, they will definitely die. Although you can enter the main world, it will be difficult for you to move around …"
Ku Shu knew that no one present had experienced the Scarlet Jade Ritual and could not understand the environment of the main world.
"I will go," Luo Zheng said calmly, "Maybe Nian 'er's life is not important, or Jiang Ziya's life is not important, but the Skyring Staff has to be taken back. Only I can take it back now!"
Jiang Ziya also mentioned that Luo Nian's stamina was exhausted …
Since the Skyring Staff had the same effect as the sword, it naturally needed a lot of energy. Only the Origin God Blood could satisfy it.
"You will be risking everything if you go," Ku Shu said.
"We have always been risking everything," Luo Zheng replied.
Of course, Ku Shu understood what Luo Zheng meant. They had no choice but to grit their teeth and charge forward.
"Then you go to the other side first …" Ku Shu said.
Luo Zheng originally planned to chant the True Meaning of Dao and enter the other side, but he looked up and said, "Lord Ku Shu, please wait …"
"Whoosh …"
Then Luo Zheng's figure disappeared. The next moment, he appeared in front of the Instrument of Civilization of the Tianzhi Civilization.
The Yu Sheng-tian was destroyed, and so was the Tianzhi Core. The Tianzhi Core was the most important thing of the Tianzhi Civilization. After it was destroyed, the Instrument of Civilization lost the necessity to carry it.
However, Luo Zheng did not give up on this Instrument of Civilization. It was a pity that the Tianzhi Civilization's unique calculation method was lost.
Therefore, he asked the Origin God Blood to help the Tianzhi Civilization restore the Tianzhi Core.
A huge cube appeared next to the Instrument of Civilization. This cube was constructed by the Origin God Blood using the Creation Quadrant ability. At this moment, there were three different colored lights constantly outlining the surface of the cube.
The Origin God Blood's ability was much stronger than the Tianzhi Civilization's. With its help and the Tianzhi Civilization's concept, the speed at which they fulfilled their wishes was surprisingly fast. The Tianzhi Civilization was confident that they could build an even stronger Tianzhi Core.
When the Tianzhi Civilization noticed Luo Zheng, a green figure quickly appeared.
"How is it?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"It's half done," the green figure replied.
"Can it be used?"
Luo Zheng asked again.
The green figure did not know what Luo Zheng wanted to do, but he still said, "It can be used, but it only has half of the calculation ability. The efficiency is very low …"
"I'm going to the main world now! After entering, I'll have to rely on you! "
"Ah?"
Before the green figure could react, Luo Zheng suddenly disappeared …
When he returned to the Emerald Platform, Luo Zheng had already sat cross-legged and nodded to Ku Shu, "Let's go to the other side!"
After entering the other side, Luo Zheng appeared inside the tunnel again.
Wen Dizhi saw Ku Shu and Luo Zheng enter the other side at the same time and felt a little strange. Ku Shu said, "He wants to go to the main world …"
"To the main world?"
Wen Dizhi was a little surprised, "What happened?"
After Ku Shu told him about the accident in the main world, Wen Dizhi fell into deep thought, "The end of the tunnel can indeed lead to the main world, but you have to go through the passage of the picture scroll. Before entering the main world, you have to face the executor."
When the word "executor" was mentioned, Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
After Luo Zheng learned about the layout of the Snake Spirit King and the truth of the pyramid, he had already understood that the "executor" who kindly advised him was not a good person. He was so kind as to let him enter the pyramid and take out the sword!
Judging from this motive, the executor should be on the side of the Demoter.
Luo Zheng could go back and forth smoothly in the passage of the immortal picture scroll, but now it might not be the case. The executor would definitely obstruct him.

Chapter 3848
Luo Zheng didn't have any other choice so he could only choose this path.
"With the Origin God Blood helping me, I don't have to be afraid of it," Luo Zheng said.
Ku Shu didn't say anything. This was Luo Zheng's own choice.
Wen Dizhi saw that Luo Zheng was so insistent and didn't stop him. Of course he hoped that Luo Zheng could bring back the Skyring Staff.
The curse on the spirits of the Great Guessing Institute also came from the power of the deep space. If the Skyring Staff could be undone, they would be able to stop looking like ghosts.
"Since Sir Luo Zheng is so insistent, the Great Guessing Institute has no objections," Wen Dizhi nodded to the spirits behind him. The long-haired monsters opened a path.
At this time, light flashed beside Ku Shu. A golden figure slowly appeared. Ling Shuang had also returned to the path.
Ling Shuang had been in the state of descending and staying with Elder Ying in Li Mountain.
She heard that Luo Zheng planned to go to the Xuan Liang World alone and hurried over.
"Luo Zheng, I'll go with you!"
Ling Shuang said.
Seeing Ling Shuang recommend herself, Ku Shu's expression changed, "Shuang 'er, what are you doing?"
Ling Shuang glanced at Ku Shu.
Although she had a blood connection with Ku Shu, Ku Shu didn't know about Ling Shuang's experience in this life.
"I'm not doing anything," Ling Shuang shook her head, "Since I'm your daughter, I'm a spirit. Maybe I can walk freely in the Xuan Liang World!"
The people of the Great Guessing Institute had been speculating whether Ling Shuang had this ability.
Because there was no precedent, they couldn't be sure.
"If you're a spirit of the main world, you'll be killed by the rules of the main world. If you're not, you'll only be a burden to Luo Zheng. So you can't go!"
Ku Shu stepped in front of Ling Shuang.
"Ling Shuang," Luo Zheng frowned.
Ling Shuang was so stubborn that even Elder Ying couldn't stop her, let alone Ku Shu and the people of the Great Guessing Institute.
However, as soon as she took two steps, Wen Dizhi stretched out his hand and revealed an oval-shaped gemstone in his furry palm. The gemstone flashed, and Ling Shuang felt dizzy and was about to fall.
Ku Shu stepped forward to support her and said to Luo Zheng, "Go!"
Under the guidance of Wen Dizhi, Luo Zheng walked all the way to the end of the tunnel, where there was a rusty iron door. Of course, this iron door was not made of ordinary iron. It could withstand the erosion of trillions of years.
When they walked to the door, Wen Dizhi said, "This passage was built after we were trapped in the Chaotic World. Although it still relies on the Immortal Picture Scroll as a passage, it is actually a shortcut. If you go in and pass it quickly, you may be able to avoid contact with the executor …" Wen Dizhi was the one who speculated that the executor might be on the side of the degenerate. After combining the motives before and after judgment, Luo Zheng and Ku Shu were also inclined to Wen Dizhi's conclusion.
Whether or not the author really had such an attitude was still uncertain, but avoiding the author was still the safest option.
Luo Zheng nodded, opened the iron door and stepped into the dark void.
The other side of the iron door was not void, but more like an unbreakable wall. As soon as Luo Zheng entered, he was crushed against the wall by an irresistible force and became flattened.
Because he had once entered the Immortal Picture Scroll, Luo Zheng quickly adapted to it.
"A straight path!"
As Wen Dizhi said, although this path was the passage of the Immortal Picture Scroll, he did not need to pass the layers of tests in the Immortal Picture Scroll.
Luo Zheng did not stop. Like a crab fleeing for its life, he ran along this path.
After dozens of breaths, Luo Zheng had reached the end of this passage.
When he continued to move forward, a new passage appeared again.
Luo Zheng was confused for a moment, and then realized that this was the second page of the Immortal Picture Scroll.
There were three pages in the Immortal Picture Scroll, and he had to pass the last page.
He kept moving forward at a high speed, and soon passed the second page. On the third page, the last passage appeared in front of Luo Zheng again. Through this passage, he could reach the outside of the Eternal Divine Court! Continue … When he had walked more than half the distance on the third page, Luo Zheng saw a painted door at the end of the plane.
This painted door was open, and he could just get out! Although Luo Zheng was now in a flattened form, his heart was still beating nervously, and he prayed in his heart, Let me pass, let me pass … He was getting closer and closer to the door, and was only two or three steps away. He could get in in the blink of an eye. But at this moment, a thick ink stain appeared on the Immortal Picture Scroll.
This ink stain was fiercely smeared on the door.
The road was blocked.
Luo Zheng's forward steps also stopped. Even in his flat form, one could see that his face was gloomy.
Last time he met the author, he could not confirm the author's purpose, but this time it was different. There was no need to communicate, ask, or question. He could see the author's purpose just by looking at his behavior.
"Swish, swish, swish, swish!"
Four thick ink stains appeared around Luo Zheng one by one. These four ink stains were like a prison, surrounding Luo Zheng.
"Author," Luo Zheng said.
In this form, Luo Zheng could not see the author, but he knew that the author was looking down at him from above the picture scroll.
"You didn't let me down. You finally opened the Altar of Earth. You are better than I thought …" A huge crying face above the picture scroll said with a smile.
"In that case, why did you stop me?" Luo Zheng asked.
The author's crying face turned into a smiling face, but he said in a mournful voice, "Your task has been completed. Don't make trouble. You can either go back to the Chaotic World, or … stay here."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was a little angry. He raised his voice and said, "Do you think the Degrader will do as you wish?
When it created you, it left a foreshadowing for you to think that the two-grid world is perfect. But it has told such a lie many times! It lied to the Four Spirit Gates that the three-grid world is good. It lied to the Dan Clan that the four-grid world is good. It also lied to the Shengming that the five-grid world is good! "
"I don't care so much. My long-cherished wish is to expand the entire World of the Giant Wall, not just limited to the immortal picture scroll," the author said.
In fact, the "immortal picture scroll" was not the real World of the Giant Wall. Because the creatures in the World of the Giant Wall, as a picture in the world, could never see their full appearance. The immortal picture scroll was a false simulation, and the author wanted to turn this simulation into reality.
"Even if the World of the Giant Wall is realized, it will not stop! It will still reduce the World of the Giant Wall to a one-grid world. You can't escape the fate of destruction in the end! "
Luo Zheng said angrily.
This was the result that could be expected. The author, who was used to the vicissitudes of life, was so stupid.
"Even if it eventually becomes a one-grid world, it will stay in the World of the Giant Wall. Even if it stays for a few years or decades, I will be satisfied. Not to mention that the three-grid world has existed for a long time. The World of the Giant Wall should exist for a longer time. There will be more two-grid creatures in it, and the World of the Giant Wall will be more prosperous!"
The author's voice had a trace of fanaticism.

Chapter 3849
From the birth of the executor, it regarded itself as the God of the Wall World, and it had a strong obsession with the Wall World.
If the Descendant turned the whole world into a Wall World, it would be as he wished.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to persuade the executor.
However, its muttering caused Luo Zheng's heart to turn cold.
"Even if the Descendant really turns into a Wall World, your end won't be good. If you don't believe me, you can look at the end of 'Sin'!"
Luo Zheng said.
"I don't care," the Descendant said with some fanaticism, "I just want to know that the Wall World can appear! So you can't pass, you can only … die here! "
It knew that Luo Zheng had the Origin God's blood, so it didn't dare to take it lightly. The best way was to completely kill Luo Zheng in the immortal picture scroll.
A huge ink pen floated above the immortal picture scroll, drawing a blade-like handwriting on the snow-white picture scroll.
"Swish!"
The ink mark swept past.
Luo Zheng felt a strong force cutting through his waist.
Although he was in the immortal picture scroll, because it was not a real Wall World, Luo Zheng's body still had the strength of a three-grid world.
Before the crusade against the Snake Spirit, Luo Zheng's body had been greatly strengthened by the Origin God's blood, and this cut was easily blocked.
"Swish! Swish! Swish … "The executor's attack did not stop, and the blade-like handwriting slashed at Luo Zheng one after another.
The black ink mark on the white paper continued to increase, but Luo Zheng acted as if nothing had happened! "As expected of the Origin God's blood, your body is so strong!"
The ink pen was raised again.
A beam of golden light appeared on the body of the ink pen, and the ink on the tip of the pen was faintly golden, making it even sharper! "Demonic Dance!"
The ink pen madly smeared Luo Zheng.
Wisps of golden handwriting covered the black handwriting, and the picture scroll was smeared in a mess.
If Luo Zheng stood still, it was impossible to see where he was.
Only when he moved a little would his shape be separated from the ink mark.
Luo Zheng still acted as if nothing had happened after the author's wild curses. Now, it was the author's turn to be surprised.
He couldn't do anything to this brat?
"If I say I'll kill you, then I'll definitely kill you!"
With that, the ink brush floating in the air disappeared and was replaced by a carving knife.
This carving knife was simple and unadorned. Obviously, it was not an ordinary object.
Luo Zheng couldn't see anything outside the scroll, but he could still feel the sharpness of the carving knife.
Deep inside the painting, he could only allow himself to be slaughtered. Although he knew that the real battle had come, he still had no room to struggle.
"Sou!"
The carving knife slashed toward Luo Zheng again.
"Pu!"
A trace of blood appeared on the scroll, covering the previous black and golden ink stains.
Luo Zheng's body was slashed with a wound so deep that his bones could be seen.
"This is my life-carving knife. Using this knife will consume my life force. I'm using my life in exchange for your life." There was a trace of madness in the man's sobbing voice.
"Why …" Luo Zheng couldn't help but shake his head.
"I'm willing!"
"Sou!"
"Pu!"
The life-carving knife left a second wound on Luo Zheng's body.
"Pu!"
The fourth … "Pu …" The carving knife kept cutting Luo Zheng, but the Origin Divine Blood used more life force to repair Luo Zheng's body! This tug-of-war lasted for about the time it took to burn a stick of incense in the immortal scroll! The carving knife's attack became fiercer and fiercer, and the Origin Divine Blood's repair speed became faster and faster! "Not only is his body strong, but he also has such a terrifying recovery ability. How about this …" "Hua!"
The sharpness of the life-carving knife's blade became fiercer and fiercer.
The sharpness almost penetrated into the paper.
Luo Zheng felt the sharpness, and his body became somewhat cold. He was afraid that it would be difficult for him to take this attack.
But at this moment, a group of rolling beasts suddenly swept over.
And sitting on one of the curly beasts was a woman with a graceful figure. She was the fox girl who lived in the Immortal Painting! When the fox girl rushed over, she gently drew a line beside Luo Zheng, and a hexagonal array enveloped Luo Zheng. At the same time, she shouted, "Come out!"
"Hum …" The moment the hexagonal array was activated, Luo Zheng had already left the immortal scroll.
He stood on the surface of the immortal painting scroll and saw the big crying face of the executor floating in the sky, as well as the Life Carving Knife that was flying towards him.
"You, what are you doing! Why did you save him! "
The carving knife was shocked and angry when he saw this scene.
The fox girl crossed her arms and looked at the carving knife coldly. "You should ask yourself what you want to do first."
The carving knife realized that the fox girl had heard his conversation with Luo Zheng just now.
He didn't have time to find trouble with the fox girl. He just wanted to kill Luo Zheng.
But after leaving the immortal scroll, how could Luo Zheng just sit there and wait for death?
Seeing the sharp life-carving knife coming straight at him, he stood in place and didn't move. When the life-carving knife cut through his body, his body gradually blurred … The next moment, Luo Zheng appeared on the big face. "It seems that she doesn't approve of you …" "Boom!"
After saying that, Luo Zheng punched the smiling face.
The smiling face disappeared and was replaced by a crying face.
Just as the crying face appeared, Luo Zheng punched again.
"Boom!"
Under Luo Zheng's constant punches, the carving knife's face changed from crying to smiling, and from smiling to crying. Cracks began to appear on the huge face, and the cracks expanded little by little … On the immortal scroll, the fox girl's beautiful face had an extremely complicated expression.
She had impulsively chosen to save Luo Zheng.
For countless years, she had obeyed the carving knife because she still had a trace of a dream. She believed that one day she would be able to return to the Main World, and even return to her former life.
Luo Zheng's appearance made her dream slowly come true. The carving knife also told her that Luo Zheng had a high chance of completing the task.
But when she heard the carving knife's words, the fox girl almost went crazy.
All along, she had been living a lie.
That was why she released Luo Zheng from the immortal scroll at the critical moment.
"Boom, boom, boom …" When the cracks covered the face of the person holding the scroll, the face finally collapsed with a "hua" sound.
"Plop!"
The broken face directly smashed into the immortal scroll, and could no longer move.
After killing the carving knife, Luo Zheng descended on the immortal scroll and slowly walked towards the fox girl.
"Thank you …" Luo Zheng cupped his hands and said.
"Go quickly," the fox girl waved her hand.
"Okay," Luo Zheng walked towards the exit of the immortal scroll.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to step out of the immortal scroll, the fox girl suddenly asked, "How sure are you that you can defeat the Degraded One?"
Luo Zheng paused, turned his head and said, "I'm not sure."
After the Degraded One got the sword, Luo Zheng couldn't imagine what kind of power it would have.
The fox girl was obviously not satisfied with this answer, and her extremely charming face directly darkened.
"But I will try my best."
Luo Zheng smiled at her, and then went into the exit of the immortal scroll.

Chapter 3850
After Luo Zheng's figure disappeared from the immortal scroll, the fox girl still stood motionless.
Her eyes were focused on the top of the void, where there was a looming white light spot.
The white light spot slid all the way down and drilled into the exit of the immortal scroll. The fox girl breathed a sigh of relief and turned to look at the face that was smashed by Luo Zheng.
Under Luo Zheng's attack, the face of the holder had been smashed to pieces.
"Master holder, master holder …" The fox girl called out.
The scattered fragments of the immortal scroll were like reptiles, slowly crawling toward the face of the holder that was facing the ground.
Slowly, the holder raised his face.
At this moment, his expression was no longer crying or laughing, but a calm expression.
"Are you all right, master holder?" The fox girl asked with concern.
"I am accompanied by the immortal scroll. As long as the entire passage is not destroyed, I will not die. How can there be any problem?"
The holder replied. After recovering, he didn't vent his anger on the fox girl.
"I don't know if the play just now deceived the descender …" The fox girl said with some concern.
"There should be no problem," The descender sighed softly.
Compared with the creatures of the four-grid and three-grid worlds, the holder knew more about the monotony of the Giant Wall World. In that world, there was no thickness. Everything was divided by length. Even after a long time, the two-grid world could give birth to life, but those lives must be the lowest level and the most mentally retarded existence.
In fact, the three-grid world was the lowest limit of the diversity of life. It could be seen from the name – lower world, which meant the bottom, the limit of the world. If the world was degraded further, life would lose the space and meaning of existence.
The holder hated the two-grid world, but he couldn't directly disobey the descender. He could only cooperate with the fox girl to play a play.
"The descender is so afraid of Luo Zheng. Maybe he has a high chance of success," the fox girl said.
Although Luo Zheng didn't give her a definite answer, the fox girl was still full of expectations for Luo Zheng.
The moment Luo Zheng left the Immortal Painting, white dots of light that blotted out the sky and covered the earth attacked him.
Now Luo Zheng was directly lost in these light spots … He completely lost the perception of distance and time! Of course, Luo Zheng had already anticipated such a situation. The next moment, he connected with his Inner World.
"Tianzhi Civilization, are you ready?"
Luo Zheng asked.
Given enough time, with the help of the Origin God's Blood, the Heaven's Mandate Core would definitely be perfectly restored and even stronger than before.
Unfortunately, the time was too short, and the construction of the Heaven's Executor Core was extremely tedious.
Even with the Tianzhi civilization's mastery of technology, they were still only able to construct half of it.
In order to help Luo Zheng, the Tianzhi Civilization had forcefully sealed the core. The moment it received Luo Zheng's message, the Tianzhi Civilization's core quickly began to operate.
"Preparations are complete," the Tianzhi Civilization replied.
"Help me decipher it!"
"Yes!"
A green light covered Luo Zheng's eyes.
The Tianzhi core began to analyze each light spot and calculate the meaning they contained. The results of the calculation were inputted into Luo Zheng's eyes.
Because his computing power was only half of what it used to be, the speed at which he restored the scene was much slower.
After about fifteen minutes, an extremely blurry image flashed through Luo Zheng's eyes.
He saw four chains extending in four different directions, and he also saw four hazy pillars in the distance. The blurry image flashed by, and Luo Zheng was able to roughly determine his position.
"It really is the center of the four pillars!"
"Nian 'er told me that the northern pillar is … I'm going to climb over!"
Based on that blurry image, Luo Zheng couldn't climb over the long chains.
However, the Tianzhi Civilization's core possessed a powerful learning ability. It continued to explore and discover the pattern of these light spots. In the end, the speed at which it restored the image to Luo Zheng grew faster and clearer.
It just needed time … After Luo Zheng entered the Immortal Scroll through the tunnel's exit, the Human Spirit King Ku Shu once again descended upon Li Mountain.
He faced Hua Tianming and sent a message to Luo Nian. "Your father has already set out for the Origin World. He should reach the top of the Eternal Divine Court. You should meet him there."
This information was extremely crucial.
It was difficult for Luo Zheng to move around in the Origin World, while Luo Nian could move freely.
Rather than having Luo Zheng struggle to find Luo Nian, it was better to have Luo Nian wait for Luo Zheng at the exit. After hearing this, Jiang Ziya ran to inform Luo Nian. "We should go to the Eternal Divine Court. Your father will come out from there!"
Luo Nian closed his eyes tightly and lay motionless. He was seizing every second to save his strength.
This body was given to him by Levita. After all, it was the strongest body in the deep space, and its recovery ability was very strong.
He had used greater teleportation to return to the top of the Holy Pillar. His body and soul were severely exhausted, but after resting for a while, he showed signs of recovery.
Luo Nian hoped that the Degraded One would find him later … The Origin World was so big that it might not be able to predict that he would arrive at the Holy Pillar.
Hearing Jiang Ziya's words, Luo Nian slowly opened his eyes. "Is that so?"
"Absolutely!"
Jiang Ziya said.
"Take me to …" Luo Nian had just opened his mouth when he saw a colorful thing flying towards them. It was the Starry Sky Horned Kun.
Although it was Luo Nian's first time seeing the Starry Sky Horned Kun, he immediately realized that the colorful fish should be looking for them! The Holy Pillar under their feet was wide and wide, but the surface was bare. There was no place to hide! Seeing the Starry Sky Horned Kun getting closer, Luo Nian suddenly had an idea. He stuffed the Skyring Staff into Jiang Ziya's hands. "Let it hide us! Quick! "
Jiang Ziya's powerful abilities might not be enough, but a small concealment technique should be no problem.
Jiang Ziya's reaction was surprisingly fast. He had seen how Luo Nian used the Skyring Staff before. After receiving it, he raised it. "Hide us!"
With that, Jiang Ziya felt the power of his internal world wildly leak out.
A small concealment technique caused his internal world to turn upside down and used up almost half of his energy! But the effect was surprisingly good! A faint net of light enveloped the two of them, completely concealing their bodies and auras.
Just as he finished this, the Starry Sky Horned Kun flew closer.
"Wu …" "Coo …" The Starry Sky Horned Kun looked down and didn't find the two of them. Then, it flew towards the next Holy Pillar.
"Senior Jiang Ziya, let's go to the Eternal God Court quickly. If my father is discovered by that fish, we'll be in trouble," Luo Nian said.
The two of them didn't dare to fly in their concealment state. They could only climb the Chains of Time.
Fortunately, their movements weren't hindered. They moved quickly on the chains.

Chapter 3851
The Space Horned Kun swam around the holy pillars. www..org
According to the original plan, it only needed to exhaust Luo Nian's power.
The remaining Jiang Ziya was not worth mentioning. This was the easiest way to solve the problem.
However, the Space Horned Kun did not expect Luo Nian to use teleportation to escape at the last moment.
The Space Horned Kun wanted to use the spatial energy to determine the direction Luo Nian went, but it could not understand the spatial power of the Skyring Staff. It took a long time to determine the general direction, which was towards the holy pillars. So the Space Horned Kun followed.
When it was still some distance away from the holy pillars, it used its sharp instincts to sense the presence of the two.
But suddenly, the two strangely disappeared!
The Space Horned Kun used energy to sense all things. In its eyes, all things in the world had energy dissipating, even the dead.
To completely disappear from its senses, it needed to block all energy presence. Even the object itself could not release energy presence.
This was a bit difficult.
They should be using the Skyring Staff …
If they used the Skyring Staff's power to hide, it would be hard to find them.
But it could not disobey the order of the one who fell. It had to search carefully.
"Wu …"
It let out a long, drawn-out sound.
These sounds collided with the surface and were reflected, allowing it to decipher the outline of the substance itself. www..org
The sound covered an astonishing area, but it still could not find the two people.
Maybe it was looking in the wrong direction.
The Space Horned Kun shook its tail and planned to leave.
A door opened in the sky above the Eternal Divine Court, and a white dot of light emerged from the door.
The white dot of light flashed. The voice of the one who fell sounded in the Space Horned Kun's mind.
"Guard here!"
The Space Horned Kun did not know why it did this, but it could not refuse the order of the one who fell.
Soon, the Space Horned Kun saw another person open the door and then fall onto the roof of the Eternal Divine Court.
The white dot of light flashed again. The order of the one who fell entered the Space Horned Kun's mind again. "Use all your power to kill him!"
The Space Horned Kun was slightly surprised.
The human in front of it looked very weak. This was a being with three boxes who had not experienced the Scarlet Jade Ritual. Why did it use all its power?
Although it was surprised, it was not stupid enough to ask the one who fell.
"Bzzt bzzt …"
The horn on the Space Horned Kun's head started to have five-colored lightning.
More and more of these colorful lightning bolts gathered, and their power grew stronger and stronger!
"Wu …"
After the Starry Sky Horned Kraken made a sound, it locked onto its target, and the multicolored lightning shot straight towards that person. www..org
Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya were running wildly on the chains of time.
When they saw that the Starry Sky Horned Kun had the intention to leave, they were secretly relieved. They never thought that it would suddenly turn around and choose to guard the Eternal Divine Court.
While the two of them were still confused, they saw a door open. Then, Luo Zheng fell out like an unconscious corpse.
"Father!"
Now that he saw the Starry Sky Horned Kun attacking, Luo Nian's heart was filled with endless worry.
"Crack!"
The five-colored lightning struck Luo Zheng squarely.
The blossoming lightning drowned the entire Eternal Divine Court.
The Space Horned Kun wasn't worried that anything would happen to the Eternal God Court. Under the isolation of the Time Lock, the Eternal God Court couldn't be destroyed.
However, it felt that using the Five-colored Thunder was making a mountain out of a molehill. If it weren't for the words of the Degraded One, it definitely wouldn't have done so. Why use a sledgehammer to kill a chicken?
The Five-colored Thunder disappeared as quickly as it came.
After the lightning dissipated, the Space Horned Kun saw that the guy who couldn't even get up was unscathed.
"I told you to do your best! Even the executor can't do anything to him! "
The white light reminded the Space Horned Kun again.
"What …"
Although the Space Horned Kun didn't think highly of the executor's power, he was still the master of the immortal painting. Wasn't the executor invincible in such a space?
"If that's the case, I understand …"
The dark stripes continued to gather along the Space Horned Kun's body, and a new Five-colored Thunder was produced. However, this time, the colors of the Five-colored Thunder were much darker, and the energy it contained was also different.
Although Luo Zheng couldn't understand this world, he could feel the power of the Five-colored Thunder.
Fortunately, his body was extremely strong, and the thunder was able to withstand it.
At this time, the Heaven's Executor core was able to decipher the image intermittently. Luo Zheng saw a colorful Kun floating in the sky, and he had seen this Kun before.
"The Space Horned Kun!"
The Space Horned Kun he met in the Soul City wasn't hostile to him, so it wasn't difficult to guess why it attacked him now.
Seeing that the Space Horned Kun was accumulating power again, Luo Zheng struggled to get up from the ground!
He relied on the Heaven's Executor core to decipher the image. Otherwise, it would be extremely difficult for him to stand up. Jiang Ziya had practiced for many chaos epochs before he succeeded.
With Luo Zheng's speed, how could he avoid the Space Horned Kun's attack?
The dark Five-colored Thunder was wrapped in terrible power, and once again blasted toward Luo Zheng.
"Die, human …" the Space Horned Kun said.
However, before the Five-colored Thunder could hit Luo Zheng, thin metal wires grew from the surface of Luo Zheng's body. These wires formed a strange cage around Luo Zheng.
Then, a strange scene occurred. The Five-colored Thunder didn't enter the cage at all. The power of the Five-colored Thunder was directed toward the Eternal Divine Court, and Luo Zheng wasn't hurt at all!
"What is this?"
Seeing Luo Zheng's transformation, the Space Horned Kun's eyes were filled with disbelief.
It didn't expect that someone could easily avoid its attack!
"Since you're not afraid of thunder and lightning, I'll absorb you with the Magneto-Optic Polarity Mode …"
The Space Horned Kun gently raised its tail, and two thin threads of light spiraled toward Luo Zheng.
The Magneto-Optic Polarity Mode wasn't the Space Horned Kun's ultimate technique, but a divine ability of the Fallen, the power of deep space!
At this moment, the image decoded by the Heaven's Executor core was very coherent.
When Luo Zheng saw the two threads of light, he sensed that something was wrong. His first reaction was to run!
The more anxious he was, the more unstable his steps became. He rushed forward as if he were drunk, and the two threads of light caught him after a few steps. One thread pierced his arm, and the other pierced his foot.
Luo Zheng's body was originally indestructible, but the moment the threads pierced his body, the flesh and bones on his hand and foot were magnetized into pure energy!
The magnetized energy was quickly absorbed by the threads of light!
One hand and one foot were crippled in the blink of an eye.
The threads of light were astonishingly fast. In the blink of an eye, they spread from Luo Zheng's arm to his body …
"Father!"
At this moment, Luo Nian couldn't care less about hiding and shouted.
It seemed that it wouldn't be long before Luo Zheng's entire body turned into pure energy and was absorbed!

Chapter 3852
Luo Zheng couldn't hear Luo Nian's shouts. www..org
All his senses in the main world relied on the heaven's command core. The heaven's command core didn't take in sound, so Luo Zheng naturally couldn't hear it.
The two thin rays of light started to magnetize his shoulder and his other leg. The magnetized energy was quickly absorbed.
It was as if he was being bitten by an invisible monster. He would be completely devoured in a few bites!
Luo Nian's shouts completely exposed their location.
Space Horned Kun noticed the two people on the chains of time. Its giant eyes shot out a ray of blue light that formed a spatial wall in front of the two people.
"Blast it open!"
Luo Nian shouted.
His stamina had recovered slightly, but he was still mostly exhausted. However, Luo Nian still used all his strength to punch the spatial wall.
"Clang!"
The power of this punch only caused the spatial wall to tremble slightly. How much power did he have left?
"Slap slap slap slap slap …"
Behind Luo Nian, Jiang Ziya pulled out the God Striking Whip and attacked with all his might.
The golden whip slammed down like rain, but the spatial wall didn't move at all. Its sturdiness wasn't something they could shake!
After a series of fruitless attacks, Jiang Ziya grabbed Luo Zheng and tried to jump over the spatial wall. However, just as he pulled Luo Zheng up, the Space Horned Kun's eyes flashed. Spatial walls appeared one after another. The spatial walls closed together and completely sealed them inside.
Helpless, Jiang Ziya could only take Luo Nian back to the chains of time …
"Father, father!"
Luo Nian kept shouting through the transparent spatial wall. He watched as Luo Zheng's body slowly turned into pure energy. His heart ached.
Jiang Ziya's expression was also very ugly. If they were trapped here, everything would be over.
At this time, the white dot of light that represented the will of the Downtrodden drew a thin line and quickly burrowed into the Space Horned Kun's body.
The Downtrodden started to take control of the Space Horned Kun.
The Space Horned Kun had already submitted to the Downtrodden. Of course, it had no room to resist.
Its soul finally fell to the side. After the Downtrodden took control of the Space Horned Kun, he said to Luo Nian, "You really did it! I am very surprised! "
"I once thought about that one in ten thousand chance …"
"In the end, he really managed to bring the Skyring Staff back from the deep space … Impressive!"
"However, I have to get the Sky Ring Staff back eventually. You can count as my replacement. Now that I've caught all of you in one fell swoop, it saves me a lot of trouble, haha …"
When the Skyring Staff was mentioned, Jiang Ziya's gaze focused on it.
Luo Nian was at the end of his rope. Jiang Ziya's energy level was too low. The only one who could use the power of the Skyring Staff was Luo Zheng. www..org
He had the complete Origin Divine Blood. This was why Luo Nian had sought the Skyring Staff.
At the thought of this, a bold idea popped up in his mind.
While he could not use the power of the Skyring Staff, could he just send the Skyring Staff to Luo Zheng?
Seeing that Luo Zheng's body was slowly being magnetized and eaten away, Jiang Ziya knew that his opportunity was fleeting.
He reached out and took the Skyring Staff from Luo Nian's hand. Under Luo Nian's shocked and puzzled gaze, Jiang Ziya ordered, "Send us over!"
After Jiang Ziya finished speaking, the energy in his Inner World was constantly being extracted.
His Inner World had been in operation for a very long time. It had already become a complete Small World.
Even though half of its energy had been extracted by the Skyring Staff, his Inner World did not suffer much damage. However, Jiang Ziya could not care about that now. Other than offering up the energy in his Inner World, the three Paramita Tokens in his Inner World were also doing the same …
Teleporting in the Xuan Liang World consumed a lot of energy. Jiang Ziya had absorbed the remaining half of the energy in his Inner World. The Paramita Tokens had also become dim and dull. They were still not enough to feed the Skyring Staff.
"Can't this distance work?"
Jiang Ziya clenched his teeth. He made up his mind and burned the three Paramita Tokens in his Inner World.
"Whoosh …"
While these three Paramita Tokens did not belong to the Saint, they were still top-notch Paramita Tokens. They were all connected to the top of the Holy Pillar.
When the three Paramita Tokens started burning, the three links could be seen glowing.
Burning the Paramita Tokens was actually a form of overdraft. They could borrow more energy from the Holy Pillar in a short period of time. At the same time, they would suffer a punishment worse than death.
Jiang Ziya was very sad when he heard from Luo Nian about what happened to the Primeval Lord of Heaven and the others. If his Master and the other human heroes had such a resolution, how could he be afraid of death?
A tidal wave of energy gushed out from the three burning Nirvana Realm tokens …
When ordinary people burned Paramita Tokens, there would be a huge commotion because the violent energy was hard to control. However, the Skyring Staff was in Jiang Ziya's hands. No matter how violent the energy was, it would be completely absorbed once it appeared. Therefore, Jiang Ziya looked very calm.
Luo Nian finally felt that something was wrong. "Senior Jiang Ziya, what are you doing?"
Jiang Ziya did not say anything. After burning the Paramita Tokens, his vitality was fading.
His eyes, which were originally bright and full of vigor, became dull and withered, and his spirit quickly dissipated.
At this moment, the Skyring Staff's surface flashed with blue light. It wrapped around Jiang Ziya and Luo Nian and disappeared. In the next moment, the two of them appeared beside Luo Zheng.
Jiang Ziya used his last bit of energy to stuff the Skyring Staff into Luo Zheng's hand.
"It's up to you …"
After Jiang Ziya finished speaking, the skin on his face cracked. His shriveled muscles started to roll. His bones were also cracked and shattered. This was the backlash from the holy pillar.
The Heaven's Executor core accurately transmitted this scene to Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng held the Skyring Staff in his hand with a panicked expression. He did not understand why Jiang Ziya would suddenly disappear like this.
The key was that although the Skyring Staff was in Luo Zheng's hands, Luo Zheng could not use it at all. His consciousness and voice could not be transmitted in the main world. Now, he was actually deaf and mute.
Luo Nian saw his father in a daze and did not care about anything else. He directly grabbed the Skyring Staff and shouted, "No matter what method you use, please protect us! You can absorb as much energy as you want from my father's body! "
He did not know if this would succeed.
After all, the Skyring Staff would only listen to the owner's orders.
Just as Luo Nian was worrying, the Skyring Staff was madly absorbing Luo Zheng's energy. The absorption speed was shockingly fast!
At this rate, a normal Immortal Realm expert would not be able to last half a breath!
Fortunately, Luo Zheng had the Origin Divine Blood behind him to provide endless energy. After the Skyring Staff absorbed enough energy, the top of the staff flashed with a halo. The halo released countless hexagonal polygons that enveloped Luo Zheng and Luo Nian.
When the hexagonal polygons expanded, it also cut off the thin light of the Galaxy Horned Kun!
The Subdued One was still controlling the Galaxy Horned Kun to speak slowly. It did not expect Jiang Ziya to hand the Skyring Staff to Luo Zheng in such a short time. It only reacted when the barrier was fully expanded.

Chapter 3853
After the thin light from the magneto-optic polarity was cut off, the magnetizing energy stopped as well.
The Origin Divine Blood continued to send energy to the life quadrant, replenishing Luo Zheng's damaged body.
The newly grown flesh and bones were not as good as before, so it could only be used for now.
Although Luo Zheng's body was healed, he was still in a daze and did not understand what was happening.
The Heaven's Execution core could help Luo Zheng decipher Sanskrit, and even decipher the images of the main world, but it still could not break through the gap between worlds … Luo Nian looked at his father who was still in a daze, and ordered the Skyring Staff again, "Help him to reincarnate his soul! Get the energy from him as usual! "
"Whoosh …" This time, the Skyring Staff carried out the order surprisingly fast.
Although Luo Zheng saw a flash of light from the Skyring Staff, he only saw Luo Nian pointing at his head, but he was still very confused, but soon he felt an intense pain, almost as if his soul was being torn apart … … The pain of a soul's reincarnation was hard to describe, it was equivalent to having one's soul shattered and reassembled, no matter who it was, it was an unbearable torment, it was a miracle that Elder Xue could endure to the eighth floor of the Levita Tower.
When the pain stopped, Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes.
The image in his eyes was no longer the Heaven's Execution core. Everything was clearer than ever.
At the same time, Luo Nian's voice came into his ears, "Father! Are you alright? "
"What, what happened to me?"
Luo Zheng looked at his hands in shock.
"Soul reincarnation. Now you can move freely in the Xuan Liang World!"
Luo Nian said.
"Then what happened to Senior Jiang Ziya just now?"
Luo Zheng asked again.
He did not know what happened, but seeing Jiang Ziya disappear in front of his eyes, he had to ask.
"The Skyring Staff needs to absorb a huge amount of energy. Senior Jiang Ziya did not have enough energy, so he must have burned the Nirvana token," Luo Nian said sadly.
Luo Nian had never stepped into the Nirvana Realm, but he knew a lot about Nirvana tokens. He could see that Jiang Ziya was affected by the token's backlash.
"Burn the Nirvana token!"
This had always been the last resort of the Nirvana Realm. Jiang Ziya was so decisive! While Luo Zheng's heart was shaken, a violent flash of light suddenly appeared in the sky.
It was unknown when the Starry Sky Horned Kun had arrived in the sky. The giant kun opened its mouth, and a spiral of light gathered in its mouth.
"Magnetic Light Polarity, Magnetic Energy Impact!"
"Coo, coo, coo …" The spiral rays of light spun rapidly in the air, and in the blink of an eye, they began to attack the hexagonal barrier above Luo Zheng and Luo Nian's heads.
"Knock knock knock …" The barrier made a sound like a woodpecker knocking on a tree trunk.
The destructive power of the magnetic energy impact was astonishing. The surfaces of the hexagonal polygons were constantly caved in and cracks burst out.
However, the Skyring Staff was controlled by Luo Zheng after all. The Origin Divine Blood continuously replenished the staff's energy, and the sunken and shattered hexagons quickly recovered. Not a single trace of energy could break through the barrier.
"Although Polarity Mode is one of the strongest defensive techniques, Magneto-Optic Polarity Mode just happens to counter you!"
"Let's see how long you can last!"
"Gugugu …" The subdued being frantically squeezed out the power of the Starry Sky Horned Kun.
The spiral rays of light became even denser and crazily attacked the hexagonal barrier, which was the Polarity Mode that the subdued being had mentioned.
Although it knew that Luo Zheng had the Origin Divine Blood and almost endless energy, it wanted to rely on Magneto-Optic Polarity Mode to destroy the barrier and kill Luo Zheng and Luo Nian behind the barrier in one go.
"Knock knock knock …" The hexagonal polygons were indeed under more pressure, but the Origin Divine Blood and the Skyring Staff worked together seamlessly.
Under a completely saturated energy supply, any crack that appeared would be instantly repaired. It forcibly blocked the power of the Starry Sky Horned Kun.
"Again!"
The subdued being wanted to squeeze the power of the Starry Sky Horned Kun to the limit.
The main body of the Starry Sky Horned Kun was silently hiding in its mind. It was speechless as it watched the subdued being's actions. If it wasn't for the subdued being's nonsense, it would have already gotten rid of these people. Would it have to spend so much effort now?
The Starry Sky Horned Kun was a body of energy. The energy in its body was accumulated over countless years. Now that the subdued was releasing it like it was free, its mood was unusually heavy.
"Gugugu, gugugu, gugugu …" When the subdued being squeezed to a certain extent, the colorful light of the Starry Sky Horned Kun quickly dimmed. The magnetic energy attacks were also intermittent and difficult to continue …
The subdued being asked.
"My energy has been used up …" The Starry Sky Horned Kun wanted to cry.
"Trash!"
The subdued being cursed.
In reality, the subdued being knew very well that using the Starry Sky Horned Kun to fight against the Origin Divine Blood was a fool's dream. However, he couldn't stop Luo Zheng from getting the Skyring Staff this time. He was both frustrated and furious.
Luo Zheng looked at the dim Starry Sky Horned Kun and smiled. "It's time for us to counterattack …" He raised the Skyring Staff high and gestured. Then, he awkwardly turned to Luo Nian and asked, "How do I use the Skyring Staff?"
"Give the order, it can understand," Luo Nian replied.
Luo Zheng nodded. He raised the Skyring Staff and said decisively, "Kill it!"
"Whoosh …" A sea of energy was absorbed by the Skyring Staff.
The Skyring Staff was in the same situation as the sword. It could unleash as much power as the wielder.
The Origin Divine Blood's energy supply allowed the Skyring Staff to unleash its full power! "Hiss hiss hiss …" As the Skyring Staff flashed, dark red cones gathered above Luo Zheng's head. Once these cones appeared, they howled towards the Starry Sky Horned Kun! "Woosh woosh woosh woosh woosh woosh …" The cones flew extremely quickly and arrived in an instant.
The Starry Sky Horned Kun's soul saw that the situation was not right. Without caring about anything else, it took back control of its body. With a wave of its tail, it turned to flee.
The subdued being did not stop it. After all, it was in the wrong first.
But in this situation, the Starry Sky Horned Kun could not escape even if it wanted to.
Those dark red cones looked ordinary but were actually products made from pure energy. They flew much faster than the Starry Sky Horned Kun.
"Pew pew pew pew …" Dozens of cones shot into its body.
Compared to its enormous size, the cones were the size of needles. They were not worth mentioning at all.
The Starry Sky Horned Kun originally had some hope that these things were not too powerful … but when the first cone exploded, it knew that it could not escape! In Luo Nian and Luo Zheng's eyes, the Starry Sky Horned Kun was like an inflated rubber ball. Its size increased dozens of times and then it exploded with a pop, exploding into a ball of beautiful fireworks.
The white dot of light that belonged to the subdued being did not manage to escape in the end and was destroyed along with the Starry Sky Horned Kun.

Chapter 3854
The embers of energy in the sky did not dissipate for a long time.
The heat contained in these embers was astounding. Luo Zheng and Luo Nian felt warm as though they were being baked by the sun.
"It looks like an ordinary attack, but it is so powerful. This Skyring Staff is so strong … …" Luo Zheng originally wanted to say that the Skyring Staff was stronger than the irregular sword.
But when he thought about it, that was not true.
Both could use the power of deep space. The difference was that the Skyring Staff was more intelligent.
There was a spirit body inside the irregular sword, but that spirit body could not be considered smart, and had been bewitched by the degrader in the end.
The Skyring Staff could not just listen to people, it could make the most appropriate decisions and release multiple extreme states and pure energy extreme states.
Did the spirit body retain its memories?
A hypothesis rose in Luo Zheng's mind.
"The Skyring Staff is powerful, but I am not weak!"
Luo Nian said from the side as he tapped his chest.
Luo Zheng finally focused his gaze on Luo Nian.
Right now, Luo Nian was two zhang tall, like a little giant. While his power was completely used up, the vitality he gave off was abundant. His every movement contained endless energy. Luo Zheng had never seen such a perfect physical body.
"Nian 'er, what happened to make you so strong!"
Luo Zheng was very shocked.
Excluding the Strange Body, Luo Zheng's physical body that had been tempered by the Origin Divine Blood was the strongest.
But in front of Luo Nian, he, as a father, paled in comparison! He knew just how strong Luo Nian was before they left. Luo Zheng could not imagine what method could have made Nian 'er advance so quickly.
"It is not just the physical body … …" Luo Nian smiled smugly and released the last bit of soul power he had left.
His soul was at the peak of deep space. While he had not been polished because he had obtained it out of thin air, just the presence of his soul was terrifying.
Luo Zheng was stunned for a while before he showed joy. "I had not thought, I had not thought that Nian 'er would gain so much from this trip. It is such a pleasant surprise … …" Receiving such praise from his father, Luo Nian raised his head proudly. In the end, he did not have to live under his father's shadow.
They did not stay in the main world for long.
On one hand, time was precious, and on the other, they were afraid of the degrader causing problems.
Before they went back, they collected Jiang Ziya's ashes.
If Jiang Ziya had not sacrificed himself at the critical moment, the situation would have been different.
After collecting all of Jiang Ziya's ashes, Luo Nian's eyes turned red. During this period of free exploration, he had only been accompanied by this old man. Now that he had to watch him die, he felt sad.
"We, the Human Clan, have been through thousands of eras just for this fight. Everyone should have the consciousness of sacrifice. Jiang Ziya, me, and those human heroes, you've been reborn. You must have this consciousness," Luo Zheng said with a solemn look on his face. "You've been reborn.
No father was willing to sacrifice himself for his children, no matter how noble the reason was.
However, the situation in front of them was one of life and death. As long as one was a creature from a three-grid world, they had no choice but to fight back.
Then, he patted Luo Nian on the shoulder.
"Let's go."
Luo Nian sorted out his emotions. His originally green face seemed to have matured.
Without saying much, he followed Luo Zheng into the door. The two of them returned to the passage in the Immortal Painting.
According to the rules of the passage, the two of them turned into a painting after entering the door.
However, in the blink of an eye, he and Luo Nian stood on the Immortal Painting. Luo Zheng looked down and found a six-pointed star array at the door.
This should be arranged by the fox girl … It was the first time Luo Nian entered the Immortal Painting. Looking at the "white paper" under his feet and the empty surroundings, he was very curious about Zhou Xian.
"Let's go quickly. A long night may cause trouble," Luo Zheng urged.
The two of them passed by the Immortal Painting all the way. The fox girl and the artist did not show up.
When they reached the end of the painting, the two of them pushed the door open and returned to the passage of the Mansion of Dazi.
Wen Diszhi, Ku Shu, Ling Shuang, and a group of long-haired monsters were guarding the entrance of the passage.
Ling Shuang's pretty face seemed to be covered with a layer of ice and snow. She kept a straight face from the beginning to the end.
Ku Shu smiled at the side. This was the result of annoying his daughter.
It seemed that if Luo Zheng could not return smoothly, Ling Shuang would not forgive her father.
"Creak!"
The iron door was suddenly pushed open.
Luo Zheng and Luo Nian pushed open the door and entered.
Ling Shuang, Ku Shu, Wen Diszhi and the others suddenly stood up.
"Fortunately, I did not fail." Luo Zheng waved the Skyring Staff in his hand.
In Ling Shuang's eyes, the Skyring Staff was just a piece of rotten wood. She did not care about it and leapt into Luo Zheng's arms.
After Luo Nian entered the passage, his head was pressed against the wall. Seeing this, he could only shrug helplessly.
Ku Shu, Wen Diszhi and the other long-haired monsters looked excitedly at the Skyring Staff. They hoped that this thing could undo the curse on them … Luo Zheng naturally noticed the expressions of Wen Diszhi and the others. He slowly pulled Ling Shuang to one side and then said to the Skyring Staff, "Undo the curse on them!"
"Whoosh …" The power of the origin divine blood was absorbed.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, the amount of energy needed to remove the curse was not small! Dark green spots of light floated in the tunnel. Their hair began to change, and their body shape began to change. Their hands also began to shrink, and they became ordinary humans.
"Ah … …" Ling Shuang screamed and turned around, covering her eyes.
The clothing of these human spirits had long decayed. In these years, they had used their hair to cover their bodies. After the curse was removed, they were naturally indecent.
Luo Zheng had an awkward expression. He immediately channeled the true meaning of Three Spirit Construction and created normal clothing out of thin air.
The human spirits of the Great Conjecture Institute had been living as long-haired monsters for countless years, and after they finally regained their human spirits, they played around like children, touched their faces, and poked the buttocks of others. The entire corridor was filled with laughter and noise.
Ku Shu understood their feelings and did not stop them.
At this time, Luo Nian looked straight at Ling Shuang with shock in his eyes as though there was something he could not understand.
"Nian 'er, what is it?"
Luo Zheng did not know why Luo Nian had such a reaction.
"I have seen someone who looks like her, very similar," Luo Nian said.
"Very similar?"
Luo Zheng did not care. "Maybe it is a coincidence?"
There were hundreds of billions of people in the world. There were many people who looked similar. One could find someone who looked like Ling Shuang in the Land of Origin.
Ku Shu asked, "Where did you see her?"
"In the chaos world, she was embedded in the chaos wall and could not move. She also carried a saint item. I saw her through the connection of the saint item," Luo Nian said.
"What!"
Ku Shu's expression changed.
Luo Zheng also realized something was wrong.
The woman embedded in the chaos wall looked very similar to Ling Shuang. This was probably not a coincidence.

Chapter 3855
Ku Shu stared at Luo Nian and asked, "Is she carrying the Ominous Bead?"
"Ominous Bead?"
Luo Nian recalled for a moment, then gestured and said, "It looks like a round metal block … Does she have any other special features?"
Ku Shu asked again.
"Features …" Luo Nian thought and suddenly hammered his hand, "Her eyes are very scary, like the eyes of a snake!"
Snake eyes should be the most obvious feature of the woman.
Hearing Luo Nian's words, Ku Shu calmed down and Wen Dizhi sighed quietly.
"Father, who is she?"
Ling Shuang asked. Seeing Ku Shu so excited and calm down quickly, she guessed the woman's identity. Now she asked to confirm it.
"She's your mother," Ku Shu's voice was a little dry.
"My mother …" Ling Shuang was confused, "Since she's my mother, why is she embedded in the Wall of Chaos?"
"Because we all lost that year, and her father won. I thought she was dead. It seems that her father showed mercy to her. Being locked in the wall of the World of Chaos should be her father's punishment," Ku Shu said.
Hearing this, Ling Shuang, Luo Zheng and Luo Nian didn't understand.
But Luo Zheng was the first to react. He said, "Her father is the Snake Spirit King Sin?"
"Yes," Ku Shu nodded, "She's Sin's daughter, Yu Zhi."
Although the Four Spirit Sects belonged to the same sect, they were different races after all. They all had their own ancestral lands and had very different habits.
The Snake Spirit had many children, and the competition was extremely cruel.
Sin had hundreds of thousands of children, most of whom died before they reached adulthood because of fierce internal strife. Only the children who were strong enough to survive were worthy of being Sin's children.
Compared to Sin's other children, Yu Zhi was much luckier.
At that time, the Great Conjecture Institute wanted to study the bloodline of the children of the Four Spirit Kings. Normally, the Spirit Kings could order their children to donate some blood.
However, the Snake Spirit King directly sent a snake egg.
After Yu Zhi was born, the Great Conjecture Institute wanted to send her back, but the Snake Spirit Sect was indifferent to this matter and completely let the Human Spirit Sect deal with it.
It was by chance that Yu Zhi stayed in the Human Spirit Sect.
Compared to its hundreds of thousands of "brothers and sisters," Yuzhi was undoubtedly much luckier. She grew up in a relatively stable environment, performed very well, and was more receptive to the culture of human spirits.
She did not like her identity as a snake spirit, so the Great Guessing Institute helped her transform, giving her the beauty and figure of a human spirit woman.
Probably the only mark that proved her relationship with the snake spirit was the pair of pale golden crescent moons in her extremely seductive eyes, which were very typical snake eyes.
With the strength of the Great Conjecture Institute, it would be easy for them to help her get rid of the Snake Eyes. Once the Snake Eyes were removed, no one would know that she was once a Snake Spirit. It could be said that she had changed her appearance completely. However, she insisted on keeping the Snake Eyes as a mark of where she came from.
Sin had never cared about Yuzhi. It had basically forgotten that it had a daughter who was still in the Human Spirit Sect.
It was not until Ku Shu and Yu Zhi fell in love that Sin remembered her identity as his daughter after seeing her snake eyes. As a result, Sin resolutely opposed it. That was the first crisis of trust between the Snake Spirit Sect and the Human Spirit Sect. At that time, Ku Shu promised the Snake Spirit King a very large price in exchange for Sin's compromise.
The Snake Spirit Sect never mentioned this matter again, and Sin no longer treated Yuzhi as his daughter.
"Snake Spirit King … Then my mother is a Snake Spirit …" Ling Shuang muttered to herself.
Ku Shu stared at Ling Shuang and asked, "Do you dislike it?"
In fact, he had asked this question in Ling Shuang's previous life, but now he wanted to confirm Ling Shuang's answer.
"Why should I dislike it?
She is my mother. What does it have to do with identity? "
Ling Shuang was surprised. "The point is that my mother is trapped somewhere in the Chaos. We should save her …" Ku Shu showed a relieved expression and said excitedly, "Of course we should save her …" To Ku Shu, this was excellent news.
Luo Zheng could directly chant the Breaking Illusion Spell and leave the tunnel.
Ling Shuang and Ku Shu had to enter the Land of Origin by descending.
Luo Nian's situation was more special.
He left the Chaos World through the Jixu Space and went around the outside to enter the Nirvana Realm. Without a corresponding body in the Land of Origin, the Breaking Illusion Spell could not take effect.
In the end, Luo Nian returned by descending and landed steadily on the Jade Stage.
On the steps on one side of the Jade Stage, Ning Yudie stood there like a sculpture for a long time. Her soft eyes were full of worry and uneasiness.
Even when she saw Luo Zheng open his eyes, she did not go up to him immediately.
Nian 'er had been away for too long. She missed him very much. If she could not see her son this time, she would not give up.
Unexpectedly, Luo Nian landed in the center of the Jade Stage in the next moment. But such a huge body still shocked everyone.
"Nian 'er, how did you become like this!"
Ning Yudie walked up to the Jade Stage and grabbed Luo Nian's bucket-thick arm. Tears rolled down her cheeks.
Although she had not seen Luo Nian's experience, she had imagined it thousands of times. She only knew that her son had tasted all the sufferings in life.
"Mother, don't cry. The reason why I became like this is because this body is too strong. I can't find a way to continue compressing it …" Luo Nian quickly explained.
"What?"
Ning Yudie remained suspicious of this reason.
"It's true. I dare say that in this chaos world, no one is a match for me in terms of physical strength!"
Luo Nian said confidently. He had his ways of coaxing Ning Yudie.
"Then you are stronger than your father?"
With Ning Yudie's present cultivation, she could not see Luo Nian's strength. Only then did she look at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded seriously. "That is true. His physical body has undergone unimaginable strengthening. I am ashamed of my inferiority."
After this explanation, Ning Yudie smiled through her tears. Seeing her son return safely and increase his strength to such a level, the emotions that had been suppressed for a long time disappeared.
Six hours later.
At the center of the place of origin, the Skyring Staff floated by itself.
Slender threads of blood hung down from the blood colored sky and tightly wrapped around the Skyring Staff.
When Luo Nian received the Skyring Staff, he sent his consciousness into it. But the moment his consciousness entered, it disappeared and was swallowed by the Skyring Staff as energy.
It was not easy to completely control the Skyring Staff. This matter was naturally left to the Origin Divine Blood.
The moment the threads of blood wrapped around the Skyring Staff, the Origin Divine Blood felt a sea of energy being absorbed by the Skyring Staff. Luo Zheng also felt the energy furiously flowing in the place of origin.
The Origin Divine Blood did not cut off the energy supply. Instead, it gave the Skyring Staff as much as it wanted.
Even the strongest appetite would have a time when it was full. As the energy furiously surged into the Skyring Staff, patches of green appeared on the surface of the Skyring Staff that looked like a withered tree. Green buds even appeared on the top of the staff.

Chapter 3856
"Hum …"
A small ring spread out from the Sky Ring Staff and floated to one side of the staff.
It was a purple ring, with purple lightning constantly swirling around it.
Not far away, Luo Zheng could feel the power of the purple lightning. This was not the energy of the four grid world, but a certain extreme state in deep space.
"Hum …"
Then, the second ring floated out.
There were two spiral rays of light, one black and one white. These rays of light were intertwined and filled the entire ring.
Luo Zheng had seen the two rays of light in the ring before. The Space Horned Kun had used this power to turn Luo Zheng's body into energy. It was a magnetic extreme state that could turn matter into energy.
"Hum …"
"Hum …"
The third …
The fourth …
The fifth …
One ring after another spread out from the Sky Ring Staff and arranged themselves neatly around the Sky Ring Staff.
Looking at these rings, a word appeared in Luo Zheng's mind. Atlas …
There were 373 types of abilities of the Origin God Blood in the Eternal Court. There were corresponding atlases to indicate the types. These rings had a similar function.
"Origin God Blood, is the Sky Ring Staff displaying its abilities?"
Luo Zheng asked.
The Origin God Blood was silent for a while before answering, "It's not just displaying. After it displays its abilities, it'll be integrated into your place of origin. These abilities will be used by you just like my abilities!"
Luo Zheng raised an eyebrow. Although obtaining the Sky Ring Staff meant that he could control the power in deep space, he did not expect it to go so smoothly. He continued, "Then there should be 140 types?"
"Yes." The Origin God Blood's voice was slightly downcast.
The Origin God Blood's reaction puzzled Luo Zheng. He asked, "What's wrong?"
"I … I'm looking for my memories," the Origin God Blood said.
In the process of descending into deep space, the Origin God Blood lost a very important part of its memories. This caused it to forget its original identity.
It had placed its hopes on the Sky Ring Staff. It was very likely that part of its lost memories was in the Sky Ring Staff.
But as the Sky Ring Staff's extreme state abilities were thrown out bit by bit, there was still no trace of its memories.
"Don't worry, maybe your memories are hidden in the deepest part. Let's wait and see," Luo Zheng comforted. He knew that this was not likely.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
Rings of extreme powers spread out and formed a circle around the Sky Ring Staff.
One hundred thirty-seven …
138 … …
139 … …
One hundred forty.
All the extreme abilities of the Skyring Staff were presented to Luo Zheng and the Origin Divine Blood.
Luo Zheng looked at the wooden staff. There should be a Spiritual Body of Intelligence in the staff. Would it appear?
At this time, the green ripples on the surface of the Skyring Staff quickly faded. The Skyring Staff started to wither and recover its wooden appearance. Then, it quickly decayed and rotted away.
"Crack …"
A thick crack appeared from within, and a palm-sized crystal appeared from the crack.
"This crystal …"
Luo Zheng released his Divine Sense and scanned the crystal.
The moment his Spiritual Consciousness came into contact with the crystal stone, it disappeared without a trace. This crystal stone seemed to be on guard and did not allow Luo Zheng to decipher it.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Thin blood-colored strands extended from the crystal stone and completely covered it. At the same time, the Origin Divine Blood's voice came again. "This crystal stone is the spiritual body of the Skyring Staff. It will not allow outsiders to touch it. It may contain my memories."
Luo Zheng showed an expression of understanding. "You can touch it?"
"I don't know. I can try. Leave this crystal stone to me," the Origin Divine Blood said.
"Of course," Luo Zheng said.
The Origin Divine Blood and the Skyring Staff were of the same origin. The two belonged to each other. It did not need to ask for Luo Zheng's permission.
"Whoosh …"
The crystal flew up into the sky without warning.
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on the energy rings of different extreme states. These energy rings were the capital to fight against the Degraded. He had to master the usage of each extreme state …
…
Five days later.
Under each energy ring stood a "Luo Zheng".
Under one hundred and forty energy rings, there were one hundred and forty "Luo Zheng".
"Extreme state of mind …"
Luo Zheng's voice echoed in the Land of Origin.
One of the Luo Zheng slowly floated up with the energy ring.
The energy ring above his head was light brown. There was a faint layer of mist spinning inside the ring.
"Disperse!"
That Luo Zheng opened his eyes. His eyes were also occupied by the brown mist.
"Whoosh …"
An invisible consciousness spread out with this Luo Zheng as the center.
In a few breaths, it filled the huge space of the Land of Origin. After breaking through the space, it quickly dispersed in the chaotic world.
Every matter that this consciousness touched was presented in Luo Zheng's mind. This was an exploratory ability of the Extreme state of mind. In other words, it was equivalent to the Divine Sense in the deep space.
However, the spreading speed of this consciousness in the Extreme state of mind was more concealed than the Divine Sense. The spreading speed and range were countless times larger …
Soon, this consciousness that was spreading out quickly enveloped the mother world …
In the center of the mother world, an exquisite attic was built.
The attic was made of a pure black metal. The interior was covered with black chains. These chains bound a doppelganger of Evil Deities.
This Evil Deities was a "sentinel". He had a terrifyingly keen perception. Therefore, he was arranged to be outside the mother world to monitor every movement in the chaotic world.
For the current Evil Deities, how to manage their doppelganger was indeed a headache.
Each doppelganger had extreme wisdom, and their rebellious nature was engraved in their bones.
Evil Deities had to create special metals to trap their doppelganger.
When that layer of extremely concealed consciousness spread to the mother world, this doppelganger of Evil Deities suddenly raised his head. A trace of surprise appeared on his unruly face.
"That direction … is the Land of Origin …"
"This consciousness is the Illusory Space Vision of the Extreme state of mind. He also comprehended the power of the deep space?"
"Interesting. Luo Zheng's performance is not that bad!"
"Deity, did you sense it?
Are you afraid?
Let me ask you, are you afraid?
Hahaha … "
After the time it took to burn a stick of incense.
His consciousness had enveloped half of the chaotic world. The giant pyramid that Evil Deities mentioned was also discovered by Luo Zheng.
However, this time, Luo Zheng's focus was not on the giant pyramid. He wanted to help Ling Shuang find her mother. The Extreme state of mind was naturally the best method.
Just as his consciousness spread across the vast inner wall of the chaotic world, Luo Zheng suddenly found tens of thousands of heads piled up on the inner wall.
This situation was very rare.
Because these heads would devour each other and eventually become a giant head.
Unless they had a common goal, they would not be piled up together.
Therefore, Luo Zheng controlled his consciousness to enter the interior of these heads. Then, a woman embedded in the wall appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.

Chapter 3857
The woman was protected by an invisible enchantment, and those skulls crowded around the enchantment.
They scrambled to devour the woman, but the enchantment prevented them from doing so.
The woman's eyes were slightly closed, and he couldn't see if she had a pair of snake eyes.
But it didn't matter whether she had snake eyes or not, because this woman was very similar to Ling Shuang.
When Luo Zheng was about to withdraw his consciousness, the woman suddenly opened her eyes, and her golden crescent moon showed confusion.
It was reasonable to say that the creatures in the four-grid world couldn't sense the breath of "Illusory Vision" because the spread of consciousness was very weak, and it was produced by the extreme state of mind.
For example, Evil Deities could sense it because he had the power of deep space.
But this woman was a snake spirit after all, and snake spirits had the keenest perception among the four spirits.
She sensed a faint breath, but it was extremely difficult to catch.
"Someone is spying on me again?
That's good news … "
"It shouldn't be like what father said. You can't control the overall situation in the chaos. There should be opponents here, right?"
"If possible, I beg you, please kill my father."
The woman showed a sincere expression.
She grew up in the Human Spirit Sect, and her skills were also taught by the Human Spirits in the Great Guessing Institute. The only thing Sin gave her was the fierce bead on her head, which was her wedding gift.
In any case, the fact that her father had given her a Divine Assistant was a great honor in the Four Spirit Sects.
It even attracted the jealousy of Sin's other children.
That was the only time she felt family affection.
Later, she learned that the fierce bead was not a wedding gift at all, but a murder weapon hidden in her body. It was the foreshadowing that her father had planned for countless years.
When the Four Spirits Sect fought in the chaos world, her father asked her to stand on its side.
She refused to obey.
From the moment Ku Shu died, in her eyes, Sin was an enemy that she would not rest until he was dead.
She knew that she could never take revenge, but she still wanted to live, to see the day when Sin regretted it.
Luo Zheng felt the strong hatred in her heart, but he couldn't communicate with the Illusory Vision, so he could only withdraw his consciousness silently.
After removing the extreme state of mind, Luo Zheng's doppelganger closed his eyes again and fell into a deep sleep.
Luo Zheng's main body on the Jade Platform opened his eyes.
Ling Shuang, Ku Shu, and Wen Dishi were all waiting by the side. When they saw Luo Zheng wake up, they all looked at him inquisitively.
"Found it," Luo Zheng said.
Ling Shuang, Ku Shu, and Wen Dizhi were all delighted.
"Yuzhi, is Yuzhi alright?"
Ku Shu asked hesitantly.
"From the looks of it, she's fine, but she has a strong hatred for the Snake Spirit King," Luo Zheng recounted what he had seen.
After Ku Shu heard this, he lowered his head and stared blankly. After a while, he said, "Can you save her?"
"Yes!"
Luo Zheng answered without hesitation.
Two hours later …
The Land of Beginnings, which was originally moving according to the laws of the Chaotic World, suddenly changed its direction and advanced into the depths of the Chaotic World.
…
Inside the mother world …
A brand new palace was built.
In terms of appearance, it was just a huge black pyramid. There was nothing special about it.
After the palace was completed, his will suddenly reverberated throughout the entire Mother World.
He invited all the powerhouses in the mother world to come.
There were more than two hundred people in the Saint Soul Realm, Immortal Realm, Tongtian, and Han Ge.
"Crack …"
The palace gate was opened.
A complicated energy aura rushed toward them.
After the Saint Soul Realm and Immortal Realm powerhouses felt this aura, their eyes swept toward the main hall. They saw that the ceiling of the main hall was inlaid with triangular crystals, each of which contained the energy of a Divine Path.
"Three Thousand Divine Paths?"
"What's the point of extracting the energy of the Three Thousand Divine Paths separately?"
"What is he trying to do …"
The Saint Soul Realm and Immortal Realm powerhouses showed an incomprehensible expression.
If they were given enough time, it would not be difficult for them to cultivate the Three Thousand Divine Paths. After all, the power of the Nirvana Token was supreme in the mother world.
Tongtian and Han Ge did not speak. They already had a premonition.
"Everyone, please go to the second floor from the back stairs," the voice of Evil Deities came from all directions.
Han Ge and Tongtian walked in front while the others followed closely behind.
The Evil God's main body stood at the center of the hall on the second floor. However, the gazes of the Holy Soul and Immortal Realm experts didn't linger on him. They were all shocked by the scene on the ceiling.
There were diamond-shaped crystals inlaid on the ceiling. There were also various kinds of energy flowing within the crystals. The aura of these energies was very familiar to them. It was the power of bloodlines!
"Heavens! These are all bloodline powers! "
"One, two, three … A total of three hundred and seventy-three types?"
"Are all the bloodline powers here?"
The Saint Soul Realm powerhouses did not have the opportunity to come into contact with bloodline powers. Even the Immortal Realm powerhouses could only obtain one type of bloodline from the Immortal Painting. They could not be compared to any of the bloodline powers on the ceiling.
They were like a group of beggars who had suddenly barged into a cave full of gold and silver. Their eyes were dazzled.
Han Ge and Tongtian were still fine as they had already known about it. However, when they saw the complete bloodline powers neatly arranged on the ceiling, they were still very shocked.
"You can choose one type of bloodline power. I will bestow it to you …" Evil Deities said.
Evil Deities' words echoed in their ears like the sound of nature.
After Evil Deities took control of the Mother World, the powerhouses of the various races were dissatisfied. However, in the face of absolute power, they could only suppress their dissatisfaction in their hearts.
Now that Evil Deities was so generous, the dissatisfaction in their hearts instantly disappeared.
Before the Saint Soul Realm and Immortal Realm powerhouses could express their gratitude, Evil Deities said to Tongtian and Han Ge, "Both of you, please follow me to the third floor."
Han Ge and Tongtian looked at each other.
They already had an even more unbelievable guess in their hearts.
Without saying a word, they stepped up the stairs and entered the hall on the third floor.
At the top of the hall, there were many rings inlaid. However, these rings were empty. There was no energy flowing within them.
Han Ge's eyes quickly scanned and counted the number of rings. 140 …
At this moment, Evil Deities raised his head slightly.
"Bzzz …"
One ring after another lit up.
All kinds of extreme energy filled the rings!
Tongtian's mouth was wide open as he felt the extreme energy in the rings in a daze.
"This, this …"
"This is all the energy in the deep space?"
The two of them had seen Evil Deities restore the extreme energy in the deep space. Although they were already mentally prepared, when they saw so much extreme energy being displayed, they still found it hard to suppress their excitement.
"I can also teach you these extreme energies, but …" Evil Deities frowned and said, "These extreme energies consume a lot of energy. Even I can't maintain them forever."

Chapter 3858
All matter was energy, and all energy was made of matter.
The third grid, Lower Extreme Realm, was made of 3,000 Divine Path energies. Water, Fire, Wind, Grass, Wood, Stone, and Sand were all formed from the most basic Divine Path energies.
Evil Deities could be supplied with the energy of the Inner World.
Everything in the lower realm of the four squares was formed by the power of the bloodline.
Fusing bloodlines was essentially a form of transformation. After the Immortal Realm inherited the power of bloodlines, they relied on their own bloodlines to supply it.
However, Evil Deities had not undergone transformation. He was not an Immortal Realm powerhouse, and he relied entirely on the energy of the Mother World to restore himself.
Restoring the power of bloodlines was still fine. The Mother World was so vast now, and the energy it contained was enough for Evil Deities to squander for a long time.
However, the energy consumption of the Extreme Realm in the Deep Space was terrifying! Even if he relied on the Mother World, he did not dare to squander it casually. Therefore, when he showed it to Tongtian and Han Ge, he lit up the 140 types of Extreme Realm energy in the ring. At other times, he had to use it sparingly.
"No matter how much it costs, if I can master an Extreme Realm energy, it will greatly improve my strength. I am willing to learn it," Han Ge said.
Tongtian nodded. "The power of a higher level will increase exponentially. The two cannot be compared at all. If you are willing to teach it to me, I will thank you in advance!"
Han Ge had seen the power of Extreme Realm energy. It basically beat the power of bloodlines in all aspects.
"It's up to you." Evil Deities was not surprised by their choice.
Tongtian looked at the end of the hall. There was a flight of stairs, which obviously led to a higher floor.
"There is a third floor here, and there is a higher level of power?"
Tongtian asked.
Compared to Han Ge, Tongtian knew Evil Deities better.
This guy was extremely selfish. If he was willing to teach his power, he would definitely master a stronger power.
Last time, he heard Evil Deities mention the "field". In such a short time, he had thoroughly mastered the power of the Deep Space. Did that mean he had mastered a higher level of power?
"The third floor is not open for now." Evil Deities waved his hand with a hint of arrogance. He did not say whether or not it was open.
Both the Prime of Tongtian and Han Ge were shocked. It seemed that there was a chance.
It's hard for them to describe this fellow's talent with words … At that moment, a voice was transmitted into the Evil Deities's mind. It was the Sentinel Evil Deities who was sending him a message.
Evil Deities tilted her head and listened for a while. Her eyes narrowed slightly and she smiled. "There's a change in the Land of Beginnings."
"The birthplace of Luo Zheng?"
Tongtian asked.
Evil Deities nodded. "The Land of Beginnings is flying to the right. It is still accelerating."
"What's his purpose?"
Tongtian asked with concern.
"I don't know yet." Evil Deities shook her head, looking confused.
She knew that Luo Zheng had obtained the power of the deep space. It was a great enhancement for the Land of Beginnings. It could be said that it was a qualitative leap. However, it did not mean that he could challenge the Downtrodden.
Evil Deities had warned Luo Zheng that in this situation, neither she nor Luo Zheng should act rashly. They should just focus on devouring the heads to strengthen themselves. The larger the Land of Beginnings, the more energy it contained. Luo Zheng's action was a wise move.
"Should we follow?"
Tongtian asked.
Evil Deities raised her head and pondered for a moment. Then she said decisively, "Follow!"
A mother world could not resist the Downtrodden. Evil Deities made the mother world and Luo Zheng's Land of Beginnings act as if they wanted to join forces to fight against the Downtrodden.
If they were alone, they would be defeated one by one! Two hours later.
The huge mother world began to rotate slowly.
The Sentinel Evil Deities shook the thick black chain on her body. She stretched out a hand and said loudly, "Thirty degrees to the west. Rotate!"
The entire mother world was like the Sentinel Evil Deities' command. It slowly rotated.
When the mother world rotated thirty degrees, the Sentinel Evil Deities continued to say, "Forward!"
"Rumble …" The behemoth mother world began to move forward, faster and faster.
The authority to control the mother world was very important. It was in the hands of Evil Deities.
This Sentinel Evil Deities was just predicting the actions of Evil Deities.
In the depths of chaos.
A huge triangular cube was rotating at high speed. This was the Land of Extinction that had expanded countless times.
The Land of Extinction was filled with chaotic power. Everything was dark and obscure.
As the Land of Extinction expanded, the monsters that lived in it became stronger than ever.
However, the monsters did not dare to approach the mountain in the middle of the Land of Extinction.
The master of this world was entrenched on that mountain. It was a giant snake.
The giant snake was very irritable during this time. If there was any disturbance, it would open its mouth and swallow any living creature that dared to approach. Therefore, the area within a thousand miles of the mountain was completely clean. It was a forbidden zone of death.
Suddenly, two "moons" rose from the dark mountain peak. They were like crescent moons hanging in the sky.
Some experienced monsters knew that these were not moons. The giant snake had opened its eyes.
"Hum …" On the mountain peak, the Downtrodden slowly appeared.
"Sin greets the Downtrodden." The Serpent King lowered her head.
The Downtrodden used to have some scruples. It always called itself "Black Light" in front of the Serpent King. The Serpent King also had unrealistic fantasies that "Black Light" was not a Downtrodden.
After the battle with Yu Qingtian, Black Light no longer had any scruples and directly called itself a Downtrodden.
Since then, Sin knew that its fantasy was shattered. It would never be able to return to the main world, to its former home.
Now, its only use to the Downtrodden was to control the Land of Extinction. This was its only chance to survive.
"They're both moving," the Downtrodden said.
"Both of them?
Where are they going? "
The Serpent King asked with concern.
"Thirty degrees to the west." The Downtrodden gestured in a direction.
Hearing this answer, the Serpent King was clearly surprised. After a pause, she said, "They want to find my daughter?"
"Blood Snake Girl," the Downtrodden corrected.
"How do they know where she is?"
The Serpent King was confused.
The chaos was so vast that even the giant chaos clouds were as small as dust, much less a person.
It was impossible to find her embedded in the chaos walls.
"Extreme Mind State," the Downtrodden answered. "The Illusory Vision in the Extreme Mind State can explore the vast world. He used this method to find the Blood Snake Girl."
"Extreme Mind State!"
The Serpent King exclaimed. "How does he obtain the power of the deep space?"
The Downtrodden's six pairs of eyes flashed.
Like the Four Spirit Gates, he could not return to the main world. After controlling the irregular sword, he immediately controlled the Space Horned Kun. Even so, he could not stop Luo Nian from bringing back the Skyring Staff.
To him, this was an unforgivable humiliation.
"Even if he can control the power of the deep space, he still can't withstand a single blow," the Downtrodden sneered.
"Sir, are you going to attack?"
The Serpent King suddenly became excited.
Its dream was shattered, but its mentality became even more vicious.
It knew that once it completed the Downtrodden, its end would not be good. Right now, it hoped to drag more people down with it.

Chapter 3859
The Degraded One silently glanced at the Serpent Spirit King and said sarcastically, "You want me to do it now?"
"Whenever you do it, I will follow you," the Serpent Spirit King said with its head lowered, afraid that its thoughts would be seen through.
"The blood snake girl has completed her mission. There's no harm in letting her go," the Degraded One said.
The Serpent Spirit King was a little disappointed. It did not want its daughter to be rescued.
"The End is about to come. Its power is more than enough to destroy the mother world. We can't waste it," the Degraded One said after thinking for a while. "Let's follow it."
"Yes," the Serpent Spirit King nodded.
The Land of Extinction, which was originally spinning at high speed, stopped. The triangular side flashed with a burst of light. It changed direction and flew toward the depths of the chaos.
In the empty chaotic world, two behemoths, one in front and one behind, were moving forward at an extremely high speed.
After traversing about one-fifth of the distance of the chaotic world, Luo Zheng once again used the extreme state of mind.
"Illusory Space Vision" spread out for some distance. Luo Zheng found that the mother world was chasing closely behind.
"It's actually following closely behind …" Luo Zheng frowned slightly. He thought about it and understood.
The Evil Deities were not most afraid of him now, but the Degraded One. It was probably following behind because it was afraid that it would be defeated one by one if it was left alone.
Luo Zheng was not too nervous about the Evil Deities' actions.
But when "Illusory Space Vision" continued to expand, he found that the Land of Extinction was also following.
This was definitely not good news. Although he had retrieved the Skyring Staff, he still did not have the confidence to fight against the Degraded One.
The most important thing now was to master the use of the extreme state energy.
But there were one hundred and forty types of extreme state energy. Each extreme state energy could give rise to several kinds of magical powers. It was not easy to master the use of it.
During the time he was moving west in the Land of Extinction, Luo Zheng repeatedly tested these extreme state energies without sleep or rest.
Ten days later.
The Land of Extinction began to slow down when it was a million miles away from the inner wall of chaos. This was a slow process.
Those skulls were still moving tirelessly. They blocked Yu Zhi's sight, but he could still sense it when the behemoth was within a million miles of the place of origin.
"What is that …" There was a hint of confusion in Yu Zhi's snake eyes.
She was embedded in the wall and was used to seeing the birth and death of this chaotic world, but she had never seen a huge world come close to her.
Was it a force that opposed his father?
Her heart, which had been imprisoned for over a thousand chaos epochs, suddenly began to throb.
All these years, she had never dared to hope because she had long lost her qualifications.
However, whenever there was a slim chance, she couldn't help but fantasize.
The colossal creature came closer and closer, finally stopping within a hundred thousand miles.
If one looked at it from afar, the Land of Origin seemed to have crashed into the inner wall of Primal Chaos.
After pausing for half an hour, Luo Zheng's figure appeared outside the Land of Origin.
He stretched out his finger and gently pointed in the air. Ripples appeared in the space in front of him. As soon as the ripples appeared, they turned the space upside down, folding the space within a hundred thousand miles. Then, they calmed down quietly.
Just like that, Luo Zheng was already a hundred thousand li away.
"Ka Ka Ka Ka Ka …" Those heads were still crazily hitting the barrier.
All of a sudden, they felt a vigorous life force coming from behind them.
For those heads, who only knew how to devour, Luo Zheng was a top-grade delicacy! They gave up on Yu Zhi and turned their heads toward Luo Zheng.
When the heads left one after another, Yu Zhi saw a huge "wall".
The Land of Origin was too big, and the distance was too close. She couldn't see the whole picture, only a wall. Then she saw Luo Zheng not far away.
"Human?"
Yu Zhi's face showed a strange expression.
She had imagined that there would be all kinds of powerful and unique creatures in the Land of Origin, but she had never thought that it would be a human! "Be careful of those heads, they will eat you," Yu Zhi warned when she saw the heads biting toward Luo Zheng.
But the next moment, she saw Luo Zheng turn into countless shadows in an instant.
These shadows all reached out and gently knocked on the foreheads of the heads.
"Tap, tap, tap …" Then Luo Zheng passed through these heads like a ghost and slowly flew toward Yu Zhi.
"Those heads are not dead yet, you are in danger …" Yu Zhi reminded.
Those heads turned around, opened their mouths wide and bit at Luo Zheng's head.
But they had just rushed out a few feet, and before they could get close to Luo Zheng, they had turned into powder and drifted in the chaotic world.
After Luo Zheng walked in, a light blue enchantment floated in front of Yu Zhi.
This enchantment could block the attacks of the heads, and its defensive power was naturally extraordinary.
But after Luo Zheng walked in, he stretched out a finger toward the enchantment, and then a purple-black energy circle appeared on Luo Zheng's wrist, and his entire arm turned into an energy arm of extreme destruction.
"Swish …" Luo Zheng gently stroked, and the enchantment shattered like a fragile thin ice.
"Who are you?"
Yu Zhi finally asked.
"My name is Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng responded, and then smiled slightly, "Your husband and your daughter asked me to save you."
"Daughter?
Husband? "
Hearing this, Yu Zhi's head became very stiff.
For a moment, she couldn't make the right response, and her eyes revealed a dull look.
Luo Zheng understood Yu Zhi's reaction. If it were someone else who had been locked in a wall for thousands of chaos epochs, they would have gone crazy long ago.
He stretched out his hand and pressed lightly in the air.
Violent fluctuations appeared in the space again, and after the two spaces folded, Ling Shuang and Ku Shu floated next to Luo Zheng.
"Mother …" Ling Shuang called.
The moment she saw this woman, a sense of intimacy emerged from her bones, which came from the connection of her bloodline.
"Yu Zhi …" Ku Shu called out affectionately.
When she was first sent into the Human Spirit Sect, she didn't have a name, and the name Yu Zhi was given by Ku Shu.
In the long years since, Ku Shu had never thought that he would see her again.
Even the King of the Human Spirit Sect's emotions fluctuated.
"Wuwuwu …" Yu Zhi was dazed for a moment, and then directly sobbed. Ku Shu hurriedly stepped forward and held her face, "I've made you suffer …" Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was gratified, but also felt inconvenient, and his figure moved far away, leaving the family of three to reunite.
Half an hour later, Ku Shu waved at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng approached again, and the way Yu Zhi looked at Luo Zheng was different.
She already knew Luo Zheng's identity, and also understood Ling Shuang's feelings through Ku Shu. If this marriage was successful, the person in front of her would be her son-in-law.
"The inner wall of the chaos is very strong, please bear with it!"
Luo Zheng warned, and put one hand on the wall in front of Yu Zhi.
From his hand, strands of purple-black energy flowed, still in the Extreme State of Destruction.
This energy was all-pervasive, and directly drilled into the inner wall of the chaos. After the inner wall was dyed purple-black, this layer of the inner wall had already decayed, and it only took a little force to dig out the inner wall piece by piece.

Chapter 3860
After Luo Zheng released Yuzhi from the wall, the ferocious bead suddenly appeared above her head.
The voice of the Serpent Spirit King came from the bead, "My daughter, you have waited for so long. Finally, that person came to save you?"
Although the Serpent Spirit King had given this saint's item to Yuzhi, she had tampered with it and could take away Yuzhi's control at any time.
Yuzhi looked up at the bead and became very agitated.
It was not difficult for the cold-blooded Serpent Spirits to accept that their father had become their mortal enemy. However, Yuzhi had grown up in the Human Spirit Sect and had been reborn. At this moment, the grievance in her heart was about to erupt like a volcano.
But at this moment, Ku Shu reached out and pressed on Yuzhi's shoulder. He looked up at the bead and shook his head, "You are right. After more than a thousand chaos epochs, I still survived and Yuzhi is safe and sound. However, you will be defeated by us in the end."
In the battle in the Nirvana Realm, except for the Great Guessing Institute who hid in the tunnel after being cursed, the rest of the Four Spirit Sects were considered to have died. Now, they were all in the form of a treacherous body.
Hearing Ku Shu's calm answer, the Serpent Spirit King felt a trace of hostility.
It had spent so much effort, but it had become a dog beside the person who had been degraded. Yet, Ku Shu could still reunite with its daughter. Why?
The Serpent Spirit King suddenly lost its balance and sneered, "Safe and sound?
Then let me see if she can really be safe and sound! "
Whoosh!
The ferocious bead above Yuzhi's head suddenly burst into flames. The Serpent Spirit King had actually burned this saint's item!
When ordinary Nirvana Realm tokens were burned, they could obtain powerful energy, let alone this ferocious bead.
Whoosh!
The ferocious bead expanded at a speed visible to the naked eye and was about to explode.
Ku Shu had a treacherous body and was not afraid, but Yuzhi and Ling Shuang would be destroyed by the bead.
When the bead expanded to the size of a fist, Luo Zheng silently stretched out two fingers and gently plucked at the bead. A one-foot-wide space box appeared out of thin air and trapped the bead inside.
"Boom …"
The bead exploded in the space box. The terrible power expanded in the space box, but it could not break through the space box at all. Soon, the bead was burned out.
The power of the deep space was much stronger than the main world …
Although Luo Zheng resolved the terrible power of the bead, the backlash of burning the Nirvana Realm token followed. the punishment of the holy pillar quickly swallowed Yuzhi's vitality. Yuzhi's body quickly decayed into pieces and pieces, and then turned into ashes...
"Mother!
Ling Shuang shouted and wanted to rush over, but she was stopped by Ku Shu. "Don't go. Your mother won't die."
Yuzhi was a life form from a four-grid world. Although the punishment of burning a saint's item was worse than death, in the end it was only enough to destroy her body. When her body completely dissipated, only two golden crosses were left floating in the air. Those were Yuzhi's coordinates.
Om..
.. Zhi's's, Zhi's. are. Body.... Now, she's.
Although it was a pity that Yuzhi's physical body was destroyed, this was unavoidable.
The Snake Spirit King's control of the Ominous Bead meant that it had the power to control Yuzhi's life and death. It was lucky that it was still alive.
"I'll send you back," Luo Zheng said. He pinched gently with his fingers and folded the space in the Land of Origin with the space here.
Yuzhi, Yuzhi, and Ling Shuang felt their vision blur, and then they were sent to Mount Li.
Yu Zhi stood on the Emerald Platform and looked around at this extremely huge world. His eyes were filled with unconcealable shock. "Tree, Luo Zheng's spatial technique is really amazing …"
As Ku Shu's wife, Yuzhi was knowledgeable. She had even merged with the space quadrant's bloodline power.
However, Luo Zheng's utilization of space had far exceeded Yu Zhi's imagination, and it had already reached a level where he could do as he pleased.
"There …"
Ku Shu pointed. In the center of the Land of Origin, there was a colorful halo. "There, all kinds of power in the deep space are controlled by Luo Zheng."
"…"
Yuzhi knew how terrible the power of the deep space was. She was so surprised that she couldn't speak.
After Luo Zheng sent the three into the Land of Origin, he didn't return immediately. He folded the space again and came to the top of the Land of Origin.
He once again unleashed the Illusory Void Vision in Extreme Spirit State and spread out his consciousness. When his consciousness touched the Land of Extinction, Luo Zheng silently calculated a time before retracting his consciousness and returning to his mother world.
Six days later.
The "Sentinel" Evil Deities was lying on a chain. The chain swung back and forth like a hammock.
His duty was to keep watch for the mother world. He used the "Phantom Vision" to cover a range of 20,000 miles at any time and place.
When the Land of Extinction broke in, the Sentinel Evil Deities turned over. He saw a huge pyramid emerging from the depths of chaos, and this pyramid was growing at a speed visible to the naked eye!
That meant the pyramid was moving very fast!
"Is it going to crash directly?"
The Sentinel Evil Deities' eyes widened, but he inexplicably showed a hint of excitement. He liked the style of the Downtrodden.
Two million miles …
Fifteen million miles …
Ten million miles …
Just when the Land of Extinction broke through ten million miles, it suddenly slowed down. The entire pyramid kept spinning as it slowed down. Finally, it stopped five million miles away from the mother world.
The Sentinel Evil Deities said in disdain, "Coward!"
He sincerely hoped that the Land of Extinction would crash into the mother world. Only when the mother world was in chaos would he have a chance.
…
After the Land of Extinction appeared, it stopped five million miles away. It didn't move forward or backward.
Whether it was the mother world or Luo Zheng's side, they were all very confused.
The Downtrodden couldn't have come all the way here just to show off.
However, since the enemy didn't move, Luo Zheng and Evil Deities didn't react at all. They just waited silently.
This kind of waiting made everyone feel even more tormented.
Ten days later …
Another Sealing Stone descended.
Previously, a wave of Sealing Stones had descended.
At that time, everyone thought that the end was coming, but suddenly there was no movement. They didn't expect another Sealing Stone to descend in the mother world. This time, everyone became nervous!
Not long after this Sealing Stone descended, the entire Chaotic World began to shake.
They immediately understood why the Land of Extinction had been biding its time!
This was the last grain of sand in the hourglass.
The Downtrodden was waiting for the end to descend!
At the last moment of the past Chaos Epochs, the end meant the end of the world.
All matter in the Chaotic World was reshuffled. In each Chaos Epoch, only six beings were chosen as Primal Chaos Ancient Gods. From then on, a new Chaos Epoch would begin.
No one had ever fought against the End. All beings in the Chaos World saw fighting against the End as their ultimate goal.
In this Chaos Epoch, they had the confidence to fight against the End. However, the situation had changed completely.
Literature Hall

Chapter 3861
Every time the End came, there would always be some creatures escaping to the Nirvana Realm, so people were not unfamiliar with the End.
As long as one reached the Nirvana Realm, it was easy to find descriptions and records of the End.
It was not a secret, but a disaster that no civilization could successfully resist.
In most of the descriptions of the End, it was recorded that the End was a huge needle that directly pierced through the Land of Origin, and then smashed it into pieces, destroying everything …
This was the most intuitive description, but it was actually not accurate.
The appearance of the "needle" was actually the last stage of the End. In fact, the End was actually a series of processes, consisting of several stages.
When the last seal stone descended, the entire Chaotic World would shake irregularly, and at the same time, there would be a loud noise.
The loud noise came from the collision between the Chaotic World and the Main World, and the sound was like the most powerful thunder roar, which was also the first disaster of the End. The thunder-like loud noise turned into destructive sound waves, and would spread throughout the Chaotic World within three days.
Those weak creatures living in the Chaotic World would be directly shaken into blood foam by the sound waves, and the buildings built around the bottom of the Chaotic World would also collapse, turning into clouds of white mist.
On the other hand, the living beings in the Land of Origin were much luckier because they had a natural barrier.
"Rumble rumble rumble …"
The shockingly destructive sound waves spread rapidly in the Chaotic World.
Previously, the Snake Spirit King had already activated the descent, and the corners of the Chaotic World were swallowed up by the heads. The creatures living in the Chaotic World were already buried in the mouths of the heads, and they were spared from the fate of being shaken into blood foam.
After fourteen hours, the sound waves spread toward the Mother World.
The sentinel Evil Deities saw some faint distortions in the space in the distance, and he tilted his head and stroked his hair expressionlessly. The next moment, his ears exploded, and two blood arrows shot out from his ears.
In fact, with his cultivation, he could easily deal with it with a little protection, but he deliberately experienced the feeling of the sound waves.
Because he was suddenly deafened, the sentinel Evil Deities had to repair his eardrums, so that he could "hear" clearly.
The thick outer wall of the Mother World offset most of the energy of the sound waves, and the sound waves were greatly reduced by the time they reached the inside.
But even if the power was greatly reduced, the roar was still far beyond the sound of ordinary thunder.
"Rumble …"
At first, the foreign races in the Mother World didn't know what was going on. They only thought that the weather was abnormal, or that a powerhouse had released the power of thunder.
But even after four hours, the thunderous rumbling still hadn't subsided. The Outsiders couldn't even use language to converse, and could only communicate with their divine sense. Some of the Outsiders couldn't bear it any longer and even poked their own ears.
Some of the foreign races realized that something was wrong. They began to flip through the ancient records, and as they flipped through, they found a terrifying answer.
This was probably the "Final Thunder" before the arrival of the Apocalypse.
This meant that the end was coming!
Panic quickly spread to every corner of the mother world.
Some of the alien races held ceremonies and prayed to the heavens. Some of them began to move and hide underground. But even more of them fell into endless fear and could do nothing. Everything in the Chaos was about to be destroyed. Where could they run to?
However, some of the stronger Nirvana Realm experts had a glimmer of hope in their hearts.
They had traveled further in the Nirvana Realm, and they had learned some things from the Saint Soul Realm and Immortal Realm experts. They also knew how powerful the current ruler of their mother world, the brutal Evil Deities, was.
Perhaps he could fight against the Apocalypse.
When people had no choice, they would hold on tightly to their only hope. Soon, all the knowledgeable people in the mother world turned their attention to the Evil Deities.
It was the same in the mother world. Luo Zheng's Land of Origin couldn't escape it either.
After only a few dozen breaths, the Land of Origin was also shrouded in continuous sound waves.
However, the internal structure of the Land of Origin was much simpler than that of the mother world.
Other than the continental plate, Mount Li, and the Ultimate cemetery, the other parts were very empty. Luo Zheng used an extreme form of energy to construct a huge enchantment to shroud them.
Although the enchantment couldn't completely block the sound waves, after two defenses, the sound was very soft.
The disturbance caused by the sound waves was reduced, but panic inevitably began to spread.
The Ultimate cemetery, the divine region, and the continental plate were still fine. Most of them didn't even know what the Apocalypse was, and they continued to live their lives.
However, the people in Mount Li came from the mother world. Some of the elites among them had some understanding. After knowing that the Apocalypse was coming, of course they would be afraid.
Nuwa didn't hide the news of the Apocalypse. Instead, she made it public.
Regardless of whether they were panicking or not, everyone had to face this moment. She felt that everyone should know.
At the top of the divine region, many Saints gathered together. They had been summoned by Luo Xiao, and they didn't know what had happened.
Luo Xiao stood with his hands behind his back. With a solemn expression, he told them about the Apocalypse, which sounded new, and then told them that the Apocalypse had arrived.
The expressions of the Saints, who were originally calm, changed drastically.
The divine region was so peaceful now. They never thought that such a disaster would happen!
These Saints were like the knowledgeable people in the mother world. They quickly placed their hopes on Luo Zheng.
"Your son can create a world that's so many times bigger than the divine region! Can't he deal with the Apocalypse? "
"Yes, is there anything in the Chaos that Luo Zheng can't do?"
"We believe in Luo Zheng …"
These Saints were very determined. After all, he was their only hope.
Luo Xiao obviously understood their feelings, but he could only smile bitterly in agreement. He and this group of Saints were awe-inspiring in the divine region, but they didn't even have the right to speak in the face of the Apocalypse.
In the immortal residence.
Luo Nian stood in the empty courtyard, looking up at the sky.
His body was more sensitive, and his perception of energy fluctuations was far stronger than the average person's. He was even much stronger than Luo Zheng.
"Nian 'er," Ning Yudie called from the door, looking at the back of the figure.
Luo Nian turned and smiled at his mother. "Mother, it's begun …"
Ning Yudie nodded. She understood the meaning of Luo Nian's words.
"I want to fight. I want to protect this world, protect Mother," Luo Nian said with some fervor.
For the first time, Ning Yudie didn't object. Instead, there was a look of affirmation in her eyes.
In the Sinkhole Graveyard, Hua Tianming sat on top of a giant gravestone that was damaged beyond repair, wielding a lone sword.
These days, Hua Tianming had absorbed the method that the bitter tree had imparted to him. He could use the full power of this Saint's tool.
He had never set the Apocalypse as his goal. Before this, he didn't even know much about it.
But after knowing that the Apocalypse had arrived, he had no intention of staying out of it. He was ready to go all out at any time.

Chapter 3862
The sound wave lasted for three days, three nights, and seventy-two hours before it stopped.
The entire Chaos World regained its temporary peace. Some of the aliens in the Mother World recovered their hearing.
Although the terrifying sound wave had disappeared, their mood didn't improve. Instead, it became even heavier.
Some aliens began to flip through ancient records to predict what would happen next.
In the Center God Province.
A human elder opened an ancient book with trembling hands.
This ancient book was written by a senior of this branch of the human race. It recorded the story of the Apocalypse's descent.
"The Final Thunder destroys all things with sound. The Spirit Cleansing Mantra protects the Six Saints with light.
"The Six Saints refer to the six Primal Chaos Ancient Gods … Six lucky ones from our Origin World will be chosen …" To be chosen as a Primal Chaos Ancient God, one had to be extremely powerful. The weakest one had to be a Saint Soul.
Luck was also required.
Knowing this secret, the Saint Soul and Immortal Realm experts were filled with hope. They hoped that one of the six spots would fall upon them.
It was a ticket to the next Chaos World! "Buzz …" Suddenly, a beam of light appeared in the Mother World. After this beam of light appeared, it went straight for the palace that the Evil God had built.
On the second floor of the palace.
Many Saint Soul and Immortal Realm experts were greedily absorbing the bloodline power.
Evil Deities looked at them expressionlessly. Although he appeared very generous, he was actually extremely disgusted.
However, he would need these cannon fodder soon. For now, he could only patiently satisfy them.
Buzz!
The beam of light penetrated the black palace and enveloped one of the Saint Soul Realm experts.
The Saint Soul Realm expert was still digesting the bloodline power he had just absorbed. When he opened his eyes and saw the light covering his body, he was stunned for a moment. Then, he suddenly realized that he had been chosen as the next Ancient God of the Chaos World. When he became an existence that controlled a truth, he was so happy that he jumped up and down! "He was chosen as a Primal Chaos Ancient God?"
"Even if we can't defeat the Apocalypse, it can still survive until the next Chaos Era!"
"We're lucky! This guy is very weak. Why was he chosen? It's not fair … "" Why not me? "
The Saint Soul and Immortal Realm experts in the palace had been very satisfied when they were invited to fuse with their bloodline power. However, when they saw that one of them had been chosen as a Primal Chaos Ancient God, they felt extremely unbalanced.
However, this beam of light also reminded them that there were six Primal Chaos Ancient Gods. They still had a chance! The alien who had been chosen was still very excited. No matter who it was, they would be overjoyed to be sent to the next era of chaos.
However, his excitement only lasted for a short while before he saw a blur in front of his eyes. A black shadow had already closed in on him. That black shadow stretched out a hand and grabbed his neck.
The shadows were Evil Deities.
This Saint Soul was slightly flustered. He didn't know why the Evil Deities were making things difficult for him, so he asked in fear and trepidation, "You, what are you doing …"
This is the final chaos epoch. If I lose, I won't be able to exist in the next chaos epoch. What's the point of choosing a primal chaos primal god then? "
Evil Deities said emotionlessly.
"But, but …" It couldn't finish its sentence.
The black light in the Evil Deities' hands flashed, and the Holy Soul realm expert's body turned into multi-colored steam that spread out in all directions. This was the only way to kill someone.
The group of Saint Soul Realm and Sempiternal Realm experts were terrified.
Even if there was no next chaos epoch, there was no need to kill someone?
Only now did they subconsciously realize that this seemingly generous Evil Deities had never been a benevolent person.
Just moments ago, they had been hoping that they would become primal chaos primal gods. Now, however, their hearts had taken a 180-degree turn. They were afraid that the beam of light would descend upon them and they would be killed by the Evil Deities. That would be too unlucky.
Rumble … Very soon.
A second beam of light appeared.
This beam of light pierced straight into the Genesis Grounds, then towards Blackpeak Mountain and Fuxi, who was standing atop the jade dais.
When Nuwa and the others saw this, they were slightly surprised. But then, they smiled in understanding.
In this era, Fuxi was most likely the most dedicated person to the Apocalypse. It wasn't surprising at all that he had been chosen as a primal chaos primal god.
Fuxi, however, revealed a bitter smile. "I've worked so hard for so long, but in the end, I still wasn't able to carry the hopes of the human race. Is this my compensation?"
"There's no way this compensation can be fulfilled," Nuwa said teasingly.
They knew that this was the final chaos epoch. There wouldn't be another cycle of reincarnation.
Next came a third, fourth, fifth, and sixth beam of light. All four beams of light descended upon the black palace of the Evil Deities.
Three Sacred Souls and one Eternal were slain on the spot by the Evil Deities. Everyone present was as silent as cicadas in winter.
After the primal chaos primal gods were sealed, the primal chaos world began another round of self-cleansing.
This round of cleansing was to ensure that all living beings within the primal chaos world would be killed. However, just like the Final Thunder, due to the demotion, there were no living beings within the primal chaos world. Thus, this round of cleansing was completely fruitless.
Another three days passed. Suddenly, a series of complex cracks appeared on one side of the primal chaos world's walls.
These cracks connected with each other, forming an enormous circular formation. At the center of this formation, a 'needle' slowly appeared.
When the 'needle' first appeared, it was only the size of an embroidery needle. Compared to the size of the entire primal chaos world, it couldn't be any smaller … but the needle continued to extend outwards.
One inch, ten inches, a hundred inches … ten feet, a hundred feet, a thousand feet … ten thousand feet, a million feet, a million feet … Not only did the 'needle' extend infinitely, its diameter was also constantly expanding. In less than an hour, the 'needle' had expanded into a colossal object.
Not long after this' needle 'appeared, the sentinel Evil Deities and Luo Zheng had already noticed it.
Almost at the same time, the two of them had the same thought. Who would this' needle 'target first?
Normally, there would only be one place of origin in a chaos epoch. However, there were three in this chaos epoch. Who would the needle target?
Inside the Extinction Burial Ground.
The Demoted One was floating in midair.
In front of him was a complicated formation plate. This formation plate was exactly the same as the one that had hatched the needle! The Snake Spirit King said from the side, "The structure of this primal chaos world is really exquisite. The Hourglass of Time controls the restart of time. Then, the needle ends everything and enters the next cycle. I really admire it from the bottom of my heart!"
The method of creating the primal chaos world was invented by the Demoted One. In order to degrade the primal chaos world, it designed this method in advance to deceive the Snake Spirit King and bewitch the entire Four Spirit Gates to create one primal chaos world after another.
For the Snake Spirit King, this should be a disgrace, but it just had to use it to flatter the Demoted One.
"Humph, this method of the Lower Extreme World is not worth mentioning!"
The Demoted One said while fiddling with the formation plate with both hands.
The 'needle' that had become incomparably huge was constantly adjusting its direction and growing at an even faster speed.
The face of the Sentinel Evil Deities, who was watching all of this, finally became serious.
He had already determined the angle of the needle. It was heading straight for the primal chaos world.

Chapter 3863
In the black hall, Evil Deities had received a reminder from the sentinel.
"Targeting the mother world first … Are you looking down on me?"
Evil Deities was a little depressed.
The Prime of Tongtian smiled faintly. "I remember that more than three hundred Chaos Epochs ago, there was a Twin Birthplace. After the needle of the End destroyed the first Birthplace, it destroyed the second one. There will always be a sequence, but there will be no exception."
They naturally did not know that the needle of the End could be manipulated.
The reason why it targeted the mother world was purely because the descender felt that the mother world was easy to control.
Evil Deities's multiple "Illusory Vision" also caused the descender to be vigilant. There were also people in the mother world who had mastered the power of deep space, but it was only an extreme state of mind, which was nothing in the eyes of the descender.
However, Luo Zheng now had the Skyring Staff and all the power of deep space, which was more troublesome in the eyes of the descender.
"How do you plan to deal with it?"
Han Ge asked.
Evil Deities' face showed a thoughtful expression, he suddenly looked at Han Ge and said, "Your Treacherous Body should be immortal and indestructible?"
"As long as the coordinates are not damaged, and there is no Light of Destruction, it can't cause any harm to the Treacherous Body," Han Ge said proudly.
"How about you fight for me?"
Evil Deities suddenly suggested.
Han Ge was slightly stunned and asked, "What plans do you have?"
Evil Deities' face showed a strange smile. "Give the descender a greeting gift, don't let it look down on me."
The needle was still extending. The needle itself was like a crazily growing bamboo, it would not stop until it destroyed its target.
Although the needle grew quickly, the journey from the side of chaos to the mother world was not short. It only covered half of the journey in two days.
On the Jade Platform.
Luo Zheng gathered everyone to discuss countermeasures. Luo Nian, Hua Tianming, Ku Shu, Wen Dizhi, Yuanshi Tianzun, Taishang Laojun, and the remaining souls of the heroes, as well as the avatars of the three ancient gods of chaos, were all present.
Although the End was approaching, the atmosphere was not necessarily oppressive.
In this round of chaos, they should be able to control more power than the End, so it should not be difficult to stop the needle.
"Father, since the End has come, let me fight!"
Luo Nian volunteered.
His body exuded an indescribable power.
This power was pure and powerful. The other Sempiternal Realm experts and the three Primal Chaos Ancient Gods were far inferior to it.
Luo Zheng could see Luo Nian's strong fighting spirit. He said, "Nian 'er is indeed a great help to us, but you can't fight now."
"Why?"
Luo Nian was a little puzzled. He felt that he had already proven his strength to his father.
"Because that needle is not aimed at us," Luo Zheng said. "It's aimed at the mother world."
Hearing this, the atmosphere on the Jade Stage became even more relaxed.
"That saves us a lot of trouble … We'll just wait and see."
"Since that needle is aimed at the Mother World, it's enough for Evil Deities to suffer."
Nuwa's eyelashes trembled slightly as she said, "Evil Deities can last until the end. Furthermore, with his personality, I'm afraid that he will cause trouble. It's best for us to be careful!"
Although Evil Deities had previously wanted to join forces with Luo Zheng, Evil Deities' words were never to be trusted.
Fuxi agreed. "Evil Deities must be on guard, but we should be even more vigilant against the Degraders. They will attack when the Mother World is attacked. I'm afraid we can't just sit on the mountain and watch the tigers fight …" Evil Deities were abominable, but their destructive power was not as terrible as the Degraders.
The important thing was that Evil Deities did not have the intention and ability to degrade the world. Even if Evil Deities won in the end, they would not really destroy everything according to the will of the Bird Spirit King.
Luo Zheng nodded. "We can only wait for the needle to arrive and act according to the situation. If the Evil God is no match for it, we may have to help …" Every cycle of Chaos produced a different civilization, and the way they treated the needle was also very different.
There was once a civilization that accurately predicted where the needle would be born and set up a large formation on the inner wall of Chaos in advance. They wanted to seal the needle outside of Chaos and destroy the needle in its bud, but it ended in failure.
There were also some civilizations that chose to go all out and set up enchantments along the way to encircle and intercept the growing needle, but they still failed … The method adopted by the 77th civilization was more moderate. Like most civilizations, they stayed in the Land of Origin and relied on the most powerful Nirvana token. They gathered their power on a human ancestor and resisted the needle with the flesh and blood of a human ancestor. In the end, they still could not escape failure.
After thousands of Chaos Epochs, various bizarre civilizations were born. There were many ways to resist the needle, but no one succeeded.
In contrast, the creatures in this Chaos Epoch were not prepared at all. Until the needle approached, there was still no movement in the three Lands of Origin.
Two days later, the needle appeared fifty million miles away from the Mother World and was rapidly approaching … "It's coming, it's coming!"
The Evil God Sentinel had an excited look on its face as it shook its black chains.
In half an hour, the needle had reached thirty million miles away … Another half an hour later, the needle was ten million miles away from the Mother World.
Five million miles … one million miles … five hundred thousand miles … one hundred thousand miles … At this distance, the sentinel Evil Deities could see clearly with his physical body.
The tip of the needle was very thin, like an embroidery needle, but the diameter of the entire needle was actually the same as the diameter of the Mother World. So the "needle" did not penetrate the Mother World, but would stir up everything in the Mother World.
Fifty thousand miles … ten thousand miles … three thousand miles … At this distance, such a behemoth was actually very close together.
"Still not going to make a move?"
The sentinel Evil Deities craned his neck and stared.
"Why are you still not going to make a move?"
Luo Zheng murmured.
The six pairs of compound eyes of the Downtrodden flashed. He could not understand the reaction of the Mother World and said in a low voice, "Give up resistance and wait for death?"
When the needle entered the range of a thousand miles, there was a sudden spatial fluctuation in front of the needle tip.
Han Ge appeared in front of the needle.
Compared to the huge needle, Han Ge was so small that it was almost negligible.
However, there was no fear on his face. He raised his wings and rushed forward.
"Rip …" The needle tip pierced Han Ge's body and came out from his back.
Han Ge's attack did not stop the needle at all. Instead, it was pushed forward by the needle. Just as it was about to hit the Mother World, Han Ge smiled and said, "You can make a move now!"
"Wuwuwu …" A strange sound was released from Han Ge's body.
A black hole was released from Han Ge's body and expanded at an incredible speed. In a breath's time, it expanded from the size of a person to the size of the Mother World.
The needle that was originally going to hit the Mother World drilled into the huge black hole.
"Wuwuwu …" At the same time, a white hole appeared on the other side of the Mother World.
This white hole expanded to the size of the Mother World in a short time, and this white hole was facing the Land of Extinction.

Chapter 3864
After the white hole was formed, the needle came out of it.
The needle was still extending at a high speed, it was not slowing down at all.
The place of extinction was not far from the mother world, they could only watch as the "needle" crashed into the place of extinction.
On the jade platform, Luo Zheng projected this shocking scene for everyone to see.
"Is this a spatial passageway?"
Mo said with his eyes wide open.
The black hole and white hole were clearly the two ends of a space tunnel.
Everyone on the jade platform could easily create a space tunnel, but to create a space tunnel for the "needle" to pass through was too shocking. This space tunnel was so big that it could directly fit the mother world! "This is the Return Tunnel in the Super Space State," Luo Zheng explained.
The black hole was the Return Tunnel, it could swallow everything, only entering and not exiting. The white hole was the Return Tunnel, only exiting and not entering.
After the needle entered the black hole, there was only one way left, it had to leave through the white hole.
"Evil Deities have a good method!"
Nuwa praised.
"I wonder how the person will react, the needle is so fast!"
Ku Shu said.
Evil Deities created the Return Tunnel very suddenly, the needle quickly approached the place of extinction.
If the person was prepared, it would be fine, but it was too sudden, it could not use the Return Tunnel to change the direction of the needle.
300 li … 100 li … 10 li … 1 li! The needle was about to enter the place of extinction.
But at 1 li, the needle suddenly stopped, it stopped extending forward, as if a giant with infinite strength was pulling on the needle.
Inside the Land of Extinction, the disk in front of the Fallen One had already turned crimson. In a moment of crisis, he forcibly stopped the "needle". His six pairs of compound eyes showed a hint of anger. He didn't expect the Evil God to have Ultra Control, nor did he expect the Evil God to set him up in this situation.
The place of extinction was almost destroyed … everyone on the jade platform was shocked.
"Why did the needle stop?"
"The needle is not long enough?"
"No," Nuwa's eyes showed a strange light, "The needle is being controlled, controlled by the person, the mother world is the person's first target!"
Nuwa's speculation enlightened the others.
"What …" Evil Deities' eyes almost popped out of their sockets.
At the same time, the face of Evil Deities turned pale. Almost instantly, he came to the same conclusion as Nuwa. He said angrily, "This needle is really controlled by a degenerate! Do I, Evil Deities, look so easy to bully? "
If the needle stopped extending, no external force would be able to move it. Now, it was stuck to the ground without moving.
After a few breaths of time … a black dot appeared on the surface of the land of annihilation. This black dot quickly expanded into a huge black hole.
This was the hole that the Subdued had created using the extreme state of Super Space. After the Subdued had completed the construction of the black hole, the Subdued flicked the formation plate in front of him. The red color that lingered on the formation plate disappeared, and the "needle" began to move forward again! "Whoosh …" The needle did not have the chance to destroy the Grave of Annihilation. Instead, it went straight into the black hole. Another white hole appeared above the Grave of Annihilation. The needle that went into the black hole came out of the white hole and headed for the mother world again! This needle of the End had experienced countless opportunities of chaos. Basically, it was a one-hit kill every time.
No matter how powerful or special the Nirvana Token was, it could not change its trajectory.
But now, the needle had changed its direction four times in a row. It continued to extend forward in the distorted space.
Seeing the needle stubbornly heading for the mother world, Evil Deities' anger disappeared and was replaced by excitement.
He felt that the Subdued had looked down on him. Since he dared to attack the mother world, he would make the Subdued regret choosing the wrong target! "Hum …" He waved his hand slightly.
The extreme state of Super Space was activated again.
The power in the deep space was very strong, but the drawback was that it consumed a lot of energy.
Creating a hole that could allow the "needle" to enter and exit was a huge drain for Evil Deities. It required a lot of energy from the mother world.
Now that Evil Deities was in high spirits, they naturally did not care about this bit of energy consumption.
A new hole appeared. The black hole and white hole appeared at the same time, returning the "needle".
This was the third hole.
The black hole took the "needle" in, and the white hole spat it out. They actually pushed it toward the Land of Extinction again.
Seeing the "needle" being pushed back again, the Subdued's six pairs of eyes showed a hint of coldness. It obviously realized that the guy in the mother world dared to challenge it … "I don't know how much extreme state energy you have … But, is the energy of the mother world enough for you to squander?"
"I'll return it to you!"
"Hum …" The Subdued built a fourth hole and returned the "needle" to the mother world.
Extreme state energy was not something that a three-box creature could easily use. With such a high frequency of creating holes, the mother world's energy would be quickly exhausted. In the end, it still could not escape the fate of collapse.
The Subdued believed in this, so it prioritized dealing with the mother world first.
In contrast, Luo Zheng was much more difficult to deal with because the Origin God's Blood could provide endless energy! Seeing the "needle" being returned again, Evil Deities frowned slightly. It turned and stared at the Land of Origin not far away.
"Luo Zheng, you're too free. Instead of watching the battle from afar, why don't you help me?"
Evil Deities quickly created a fifth hole.
The black hole of the hole swallowed the "needle", and the white hole faced Luo Zheng's Land of Origin.
Everyone on the Jade Platform focused on the movement of the "needle".
The "needle" that changed direction four times in a row looked like a coiled snake. Such a behemoth moving back and forth in space like a needle. Everyone watched nervously but also agitatedly.
This was Doomsday! A terrible weapon that could destroy thousands of civilizations! But it was being played in the palm of their hand! "Ah! White hole! "
Luo Nian saw the white hole appear and face the Land of Origin.
Everyone else became nervous when they saw this.
If it was not dealt with, this needle would hit the Land of Origin in a few breaths of time, crushing Mount Li, the Ultimate Cemetery, and the others … "As expected, Evil Deities finally kicked the ball to me." Luo Zheng looked as if he had expected this.
Evil Deities knew Luo Zheng's position very well, so they took the initiative to throw this hot potato to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was already prepared, so he did not panic. He reached out and pointed lightly, and a doppelganger slowly floated up. The energy rotating in the circle above the doppelganger's head was the Ultra Space state.
The sixth hole was created by Luo Zheng.
The black hole swallowed the "needle" as usual, but Luo Zheng did not return it to Evil Deities. The white hole that was opened again faced the Land of Extinction.
After circling around, the "needle" obediently rushed toward the Subdued!

Chapter 3865
"Haha, you're really united," the Degraded One sneered.
The Snake Spirit King next to him asked, "We can't just let this needle keep spinning, can we?"
"I can keep releasing the shuttle hole, and that guy called Luo Zheng can do it too. This mother world … How can it do it?"
The Degraded One asked.
Like Luo Zheng, the source of his energy did not depend on the place of origin. He had endless energy and could create an infinite number of shuttle holes.
But the mother world could not do it.
This temporary balance would be broken sooner or later due to the energy exhaustion of the mother world.
The Degraded One was not in a hurry at all. As time went by, the situation would only become more and more favorable to him.
So he stretched out his hand and gently opened it. The seventh shuttle hole appeared, and the needle flew towards the mother world as usual.
Evil Deities did not say a word. He stretched out his hand and gently waved it, releasing the eighth shuttle hole.
He still did not let Luo Zheng ignore him and directed the needle towards the place of origin of Luo Zheng.
But after releasing the shuttle hole, Evil Deities' expression became serious.
Although the mother world had expanded more than a thousand times and the energy contained inside was not what it used to be, the shuttle hole consumed too much energy. Evil Deities released four shuttle holes in a row and consumed more than half of the mother world's energy. If he continued to push the needle, the mother world might not be able to support it.
But at this point, Evil Deities had no way to retreat.
The situation was obvious. Whoever could not hold on first would lose.
Soon, Luo Zheng released the ninth shuttle hole … The Degraded One released the tenth … Evil Deities released the eleventh … twelve … thirteen … The needle drilled in and out of various black and white holes. After winding and circling thirteen times, it still persistently headed towards the mother world.
"Ultra Space Extreme State …" Evil Deities released the fourteenth shuttle hole.
He absorbed the remaining energy of the mother world and began to convert it into a shuttle hole. But halfway through the conversion, the process stopped.
The heavy energy had been exhausted … Evil Deities raised his eyebrows fiercely, and there was a rare trace of uneasiness in his eyes.
The Prime of Tongtian could see the difference in the Evil Deities. He knew how much the Extreme State consumed, and the Evil Deities might not last long.
The needle was still approaching at an extremely fast speed, and it would hit the mother world in at most ten breaths.
At this moment, Evil Deities suddenly smirked, revealing a mocking smile.
When did I become so sentimental?
In the past, the Evil Deities were ruthless. For the sake of their goals, they could sacrifice everything: their future, their families, their strength, their status, and even their lives. They only wanted to compete with the God of Creation, Luo Zheng.
Now that the Evil Deities had taken control of the Mother World, his temperament had become much more restrained. He began to care about Xiuzhu, Shen Tu, who was trying to please him, and the people of the Mother World.
Once a person had something to worry about, they would have a weakness.
Evil Deities realized that their kindness would cause them to lose everything! "Such a vast Mother World must have more than just this amount of energy …" Evil Deities muttered.
His will was transmitted in the Mother World, and soon it arrived in the Heavenly Stellar State.
The Heavenly Stellar State was a large state belonging to the Divine Farmer Clan, and the people who lived there were mostly humans.
When the will of Evil Deities covered the entire Heavenly Stellar State, everyone in the Heavenly Stellar State raised their heads.
Whether it was the Divine People, True Deities, or Nirvana Realm cultivators, they felt fear and trepidation when they felt this will. They did not know what kind of fate they would face.
"The Mother World is in danger, you have to sacrifice yourselves to save the Mother World …" Evil Deities' voice rang in everyone's ears.
As long as the people who were still clear-headed heard this, they immediately had an ominous premonition.
They had to sacrifice themselves! Why! If we die, we die together. Why sacrifice us to save the majority? We are not convinced! But Evil Deities had no choice but to accept.
"Hualala …" Some plants, soil, sand, and stones quickly floated in the air and turned into fine powder before finally dissipating … Then the rocks, houses, animals, and people who were constantly resisting were all sucked into the air by an irresistible force, disintegrated, and dissipated … Finally, the thick layers, caves, and bedrock that were deposited underground were all sucked into the air and dissipated … These substances did not really dissipate, they were all converted into energy.
In the end, Evil Deities completely emptied the Heavenly Stellar State, leaving only a layer of three to four miles thick "shell". If this thin layer of "shell" was converted into energy, a small hole would appear in the Mother World. This would allow Luo Zheng and the Degenerates to realize that the Mother World was weak! It wasn't just the Heavenly Stellar State that was emptied, there was also the Min State, the Nameless State, the Great River State, the Heaven's Awakening State ….. Over thirty large states, hundreds of races, and hundreds of billions of living beings were robbed of their lives after hearing the Evil God's words! All of this happened in a few breaths of time! The energy from these substances helped the Evil God create the fourteenth complete round-trip hole.
The Heavenly Stellar State's Sacred Soul Realm expert Lu River Xiu was cultivating in the Evil Deities' black hall. He was one of the experts invited by the Evil Deities.
Lu River Xiu had ten life tokens on him, but when the Heavenly Stellar State was destroyed, all of his life tokens shattered! "What happened!"
The Lu River Xiu gave a cry of grief and took out a large bronze mirror. Through the bronze mirror, he could see the empty Heavenly Stellar State. Everything in the state had been destroyed, "Heavenly, the Heavenly Stellar State is gone?
Why? "
It wasn't just the Lu River Xiu who was crying out, another De Dragon clansman also discovered that his clansman's life lamp had been extinguished. Although he couldn't investigate his clansman's situation, it should be similar to what happened in the Heavenly Stellar State.
"Shh." The Evil Deities' main body suddenly appeared beside the Lu River Xiu. It wrapped a hand around the Lu River Xiu's neck and made a shushing gesture to everyone, "They all sacrificed themselves for the mother world, you should be thanking me. If you didn't do this, you would all have died under the End …" "I …" The Lu River Xiu clenched his fists so tightly that his veins popped out.
But with the Evil Deities gently wrapping around him, all of his strength disappeared. He didn't have a chance to resist at all. Every muscle and bone in his body turned to dust and turned into energy.
"As a person, not only do you have to understand the risks, you also have to know what's good for you." The Evil Deities grinned at everyone and then slowly walked towards the third floor.
Although the Evil God had decisively sacrificed dozens of prefectures at the last moment, the speed at which he could travel to and from the cave was still a little slow. It was this delay that allowed Luo Zheng and the Fallen One to see some clues! "The needle is only five hundred li away from the mother world. The Evil Deities sacrificed the Round Trip Cave. The mother world's energy might not be enough," Nuwa sharply pointed out this detail.
"It's just a matter of time. With unlimited energy against limited energy, the outcome is fixed." Ku Shu shook his head.
In a situation where all three sides controlled extreme energy, everyone seemed to be standing on the same starting line. However, the Evil Deities and the mother world were destined to be the first to fall behind.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He focused on sacrificing the fifteenth Round Trip Cave.
The sixteenth … the seventeenth … the eighteenth … the enormous Round Trip Cave overlapped in an intricate manner.
Although the needle was moving forward, it was impossible to tell which section belonged to which section.
By the time the Evil Deities released the twentieth Round Trip Cave, they had sacrificed hundreds of large states.

Chapter 3866
A long time ago, Ji Xuanyuan, Shennong, and "Sky" had also destroyed the Mother World.
They used the flames of "Extremely Small Space" to destroy three hundred provinces in a row.
But it was not destruction in the strict sense … Although life was burned, the material was still there, and the foundation of material was still there.
Even the sea that was evaporated by the flames eventually turned into heavy rain and returned to the ground.
But the Evil Deities turned all the material in a world into pure energy and used it to create a huge shuttle hole. This kind of destruction was irreversible! Facing the aggressive Downsiders, the Evil Deities seemed to have only one way.
In the Land of Extinction, a blue light film unfolded in front of the Downsiders.
In the center of the light film was a huge sphere. This sphere was the Mother World, but the surface of the Mother World was covered with dark blue patches.
"Hahaha …" The Downsiders let out a series of low laughter. "Consuming a huge amount of material to turn into energy is no doubt drinking poison to quench thirst. How many rounds can you last?"
On the Jade Platform, Luo Zheng also had a blue light film in front of him. He also noticed the predicament of the Evil Deities.
"Looking at this situation, the Evil Deities have consumed more than a hundred provinces, but the people in the Mother World are pitiful." Luo Zheng showed pity.
"From the perspective of the Evil Deities, he is not wrong at all." Ku Shu blinked and said, "If these provinces are not sacrificed, all the people in the Mother World will be wiped out!"
"But once the Mother World's material is exhausted, he will definitely lose." Nuwa judged.
Luo Zheng nodded and agreed with Nuwa's judgment.
Wen Dizhi, who had been quiet all this time, said. "Not necessarily …" Ku Shu, Luo Zheng, Nuwa, and the others all looked at him.
As the master of the House of Great Guessing, Wen Dizhi was so knowledgeable that even Ku Shu was inferior to him. He was afraid that he had other ideas.
"Can you all easily build space channels?"
Wen Dizhi asked.
Fuxi and the others nodded.
Wen Dizhi stretched out two fingers, and the power of space burst out from his fingertips. A thin space channel formed on his fingertips.
Then, a second tunnel, a third tunnel, a fourth tunnel … In a short period of time, thousands of inch-long spatial tunnels had been constructed.
"Wen Dizhi, what are you doing?"
Ku Shu's face was filled with confusion.
Wen Di did not answer and continued to construct spatial passageways. When he had constructed more than one thousand and five hundred spatial passageways, the space between his hands suddenly became extremely unstable. The spatial passageways that had been orderly tangled together and then exploded.
But the moment it exploded, Wen Dizhi rubbed his hands gently, and the exploding energy ball disappeared in his hands.
"What do you mean?
Is it a magic trick? "
Fuxi was a little confused.
Nuwa was the first to react. "The number of spatial passageways in the same area is limited. If there are too many of them, they will collapse …" Nuwa had done a similar experiment before, but she had not thought of this point.
"That is to say …" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
"The spatial power contained in the Round-trip Caverns is even stronger. If there are too many Round-trip Caverns in the same area, it will collapse more easily," Wen Dizhi deduced.
"How many trips can this area take?"
Ku Shu asked.
Wen Dizhi shook his head. "I can't predict. Maybe twenty, thirty, or even more …" "If the Round-trip Caverns collapse, will the Needle of Destiny in the Round-trip Caverns be destroyed?"
Fuxi asked.
Wen Dizhi still shook his head.
He could only speculate based on his own knowledge. It was impossible for him to be so precise.
Luo Zheng released twenty-one Round-trip Caverns … The Degrader released twenty-two more … The Evil Deities released twenty-three … The competition after the Arrival of Destiny became boring.
The only variable was the Evil Deities that were struggling to hold on.
Every time he transformed a portion of a great province, the Saint Soul and Immortal experts he had invited over would reveal sorrowful expressions. However, none of them dared to say a word. Their lives didn't belong to them in the Origin World. If they were unhappy, they would be transformed into energy! Tongtian did not say anything, but his face was also very serious. Judging from this trend, they had already lost.
Not long after, the Degrader released thirty-one Round-trip Caverns. Sixty-two huge caverns appeared in this area. The Needle seemed to be moving in a maze. It was impossible to tell which part of it was in front and which part was behind.
The Evil Deities transformed more than thirty large areas without hesitation and released a black hole.
At this moment, the black hole's surroundings were slightly distorted.
Strangely, the distorted ripples of this black hole appeared in other black holes at the same time! Seeing this, the Evil Deities smiled. "Finally …" The Evil Deities had tens of thousands of clones, and they were all very smart.
Under the arrangement of the Evil Deities, each of the Evil Deities thought independently and carried out all kinds of strange experiments. Spatial experiments were a very popular category.
Therefore, the Evil Deities knew very well that the Round-trip Caverns would collapse very quickly. They had been waiting for this moment! "Hua!"
The Evil Deities released another white hole, and ripples appeared around the white hole.
When the ripples spread to other white holes, all the Round-trip Caverns began to twist left and right, sometimes expanding and sometimes shrinking. These short but huge space tunnels became extremely unstable! The Needle, as a rigid body, would definitely conflict with all the Round-trip Caverns.
Some Round-trip Caverns tightly wrapped around the Needle when they shrank. The friction between the space and the Needle made a harsh sound wave in the Chaotic World. When the Round-trip Caverns expanded, they also collided with the Needle, causing even more intense space distortion! The space became extremely chaotic … "It has really begun! There are only thirty-two Round-trip Caverns, and the space can't bear it anymore! "
Taishang Laojun was surprised.
Luo Nian stared at the black and white holes and asked, "The Round-trip Caverns seem to be unable to do anything to the Needle. This Needle is so hard!"
Wen Dizhi's face turned pale. "If the Needle is cut off by the Round-trip Caverns, it will be fine. The Three Places of Origin will only be hit by the space storm … What if it can't be cut off?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"The Needle will bear a huge stress and be pressed into a real bend by the space force." Wen Dizhi stretched out a bent finger. "Then … straighten!"
He flicked his finger hard.
This action was very vivid.
The Needle would become a steel cable that suddenly popped out, and the huge stress released would destroy everything it touched! When Wen Dizhi just demonstrated, the thirty-two Round-trip Caverns collapsed at the same time, leaving only pieces of the Needle floating in the air. These Needles were not broken, but were just an illusion formed by the chaos of space.
At the moment when the Round-trip Caverns collapsed, the Needles twisted like frantically struggling leeches.

Chapter 3867
The twisted "needle" itself was a whole. If they wanted to forcibly break through the collapsed space, they would have to reconnect as a whole again.
This was a battle between volume and rules. The "needle" represented an indestructible volume, but the space had been directly divided. The aftermath of this level of battle was extremely powerful.
Fan-shaped, awn-shaped, and even fist-shaped shock waves burst out in all directions.
"Hua, rumble, rumble, rumble …" A huge claw-shaped shock wave rolled toward Luo Zheng's Land of Origin, fiercely cutting off a large piece of the surface of the Land of Origin. A thorn-like shock wave even left a large crater dozens of miles deep on the surface of the Land of Origin.
Luo Zheng's Land of Origin and the Degraded One's Land of Extinction had retained their original state, so they could withstand the shock.
However, the Evil Gods had converted the matter of many large continents into energy, and many parts of the homeworld were only covered with a thin layer of skin. When these shockwaves hit, they easily tore apart the not-so-thick layers of the homeworld.
In a few breaths' time, the surface of the mother world was riddled with holes, like a sieve.
However, the matter in these areas had been hollowed out, and the creatures were destroyed. A large hole was not important. However, the face that the Evil Deities carefully protected was exposed in front of everyone.
"Guang, guang, guang …" After the needle twisted for a while, it finally broke through the rules of space.
The surrounding space was broken apart by the "needle" itself, and the pieces of the "needle" began to reconnect.
After the broken "needle" was reconnected, the body of the "needle" was still in a crooked state. This was because the "needle" was forcibly distorted by the broken shuttle hole.
Now, relying on its own strong toughness, it began to restore its straight state, so it was like an uncontrollable long whip whipping around! It attacked indiscriminately! "Woo …" In the sound of metal stretching, a small part of the middle of the "needle" actually whipped toward the Land of Extinction.
"This …" At this moment, the Degraded One wanted to curse.
They clearly had the absolute advantage … He felt that the mother world was not qualified to participate in this battle at all and should be the first to be eliminated.
They were clearly struggling at death's door … Why did it suddenly become like this?
"Woo …" Seeing the curved "needle" coming at him at an extremely fast speed, the Downtrodden habitually built a "return hole". However, the space in this area was still in chaos and could not form a new return hole.
"Stop!"
The Subdued One then controlled the formation plate in front of him. The entire formation plate was covered in a red light.
He wanted the "needle" to stop.
The Downgraded could control the extending speed of the "needle," reduce the extending speed to zero, and even force the "needle" to retract. However, he could not control the direction of the "needle" like he could control his fingers.
Moreover, releasing the enormous stress contained in the needle itself was even more out of his control.
Control failed.
One side of the needle flew towards the Land of Extinction.
Crack! Boom boom boom … "The large units collided with each other, creating a thunderous sound.
One of the three corners of the Land of Extinction was "lifted", and that corner was directly smashed into pieces.
Inside this corner was a huge space. Inside this space were countless chaotic creatures. They were originally still clamoring and full of fighting spirit, preparing to welcome the upcoming battle.
But before the real battle even began, they saw the sky collapse … The shattered "sky" mixed with a gigantic silver object falling down. These chaotic creatures with extremely tenacious life forces were wiped out in an instant, and they lost their lives before they could even let out a scream.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh … The Land of Extinction was originally in a stagnant state, but after a corner was smashed by the "needle," the remaining kinetic energy pushed it to rotate.
Fortunately, the curved part of the "needle" straightened instantly and did not cause further damage to the Land of Extinction.
However, there were still many curved parts of the "needle" that danced without any pattern.
On the Emerald Platform, Luo Zheng and the others were stunned at this scene.
Although Wen Dizhi had already predicted this move, it was two different concepts to predict and realize it.
"Evil Deities, this guy …" "He planned this from the beginning?
That's terrifying! "
"He will accidentally hurt himself like this. This is a gamble with his life …" Nuwa said with a complicated expression.
Luo Zheng did not have time to speak. He focused on controlling the Land of Origin to dodge.
Only one corner of the Land of Extinction was lifted, and one-fifth of it was destroyed. If the "needle" hit him directly, he would be doomed eternally.
However, the Land of Origin was so huge that it was not easy to move quickly.
In the process of moving slowly, the "needle" suddenly bounced, and the curved head pierced directly towards the Land of Origin. The speed was more than a hundred times faster than before! Everyone on the Emerald Platform looked up at the same time.
A huge sharp angle appeared in the bloody sky, as if a pair of scissors had cut open the bloody cloth, revealing the dark outer space of the Chaotic World.
That huge "needle" cut a huge hole in the Land of Origin before swaggering off! Everyone breathed a sigh of relief.
If the needle had struck from top to bottom, the Land of Origin would have been split into two halves. Now, it was only a small hole, which was good luck … The fatal "needle" cut through the Land of Origin and surged backward, heading towards the mother world at an even faster speed. However, when the "needle" was still dozens of miles away from the mother world, it brushed past the mother world and turned around to hit the Land of Extinction! In the black hall, Evil Deities covered his face and laughed wildly.
The shrill laughter lingered in everyone's ears.
When facing an opponent that was difficult to defeat, he dragged the situation into a chaotic situation where no one could see clearly.
This was what he was best at, and it was also a huge gamble! When the Deities saw the "needle" coming straight towards them, they felt as if they had eaten shit.
Since it was a gamble of luck, why was luck not on their side?
Now that the Land of Extinction was in the path of the "needle," the Land of Extinction would probably be smashed into pieces if the "needle" struck it! "Come back!"
The Deities were quick-witted and controlled the disk to force the "needle" to retract.
The length of the "needle" was shrinking at a speed visible to the naked eye, and by the time the "needle" hit the Land of Extinction, it had shortened by quite a bit.
Therefore, the "needle" did not hit the Land of Extinction, and only relied on the tip of the needle to create a crack on the surface of the Land of Extinction before bouncing back in the opposite direction.
"It's your turn to die …" The Deities sneered.
The mother world was right in the direction of the "needle" bouncing back.
The Deities added fuel to the fire, and controlled the disk to make the "needle" extend rapidly.
"Whoosh …" The "needle" turned into an unimaginably huge whip and lashed towards the mother world. The mother world was easily smashed like a fragile egg.

Chapter 3868
After the collapse of the mother world, a massive amount of fragments were released.
The large fragments were several million miles long and wide, while the small fragments were thousands of miles long, forming a diffuse band of fragments that floated up and down.
After the "needle" smashed the mother world into pieces, it bounced in the opposite direction due to inertia, but the rebound force was smaller and smaller, and finally returned to its original position, becoming a straight "needle".
Fuxi, Nuwa, Elder Ying, Donghuang Taiyi, and the other natives of the mother world looked at the shattered mother world with sadness in their hearts.
After all, it was the world that gave birth to them, and in the end, it could not avoid the tragedy of being destroyed by The End.
However, they did not have much time to wallow in sadness.
After the "needle" returned to its straight state, it began to extend again, and its target was the Land of Origin! And the Land of Extinction also accelerated to catch up, and kept parallel to the Land of Origin.
After half an hour, the "needle" was very close to the Land of Origin.
Just as it was about to plunge into the Land of Origin, a new shuttle hole was formed again.
The Land of Origin had left the area of spatial disorder, and Luo Zheng easily released a shuttle hole.
The black hole sucked the "needle" in, and the white hole spat it out.
And the direction the white hole spat out was the Land of Extinction that was flying parallel to the Land of Origin! Just as the needle approached the Land of Extinction, the same scene appeared again, and the shuttle hole sent the "needle" to the Land of Origin.
The situation seemed to have returned to its previous state, but the mother world had been eliminated, and the fierce battle between the three became a game of two.
The key was that both sides were moving, so they could avoid the collapse of space due to the excessive number of shuttle holes.
And in the case of unlimited energy, as long as both sides were willing, they could summon an infinite number of shuttle holes, and let the "needle" fold an infinite number of times! "Whoosh …" "Whoosh …" The huge "needle" moved back and forth in a zigzag pattern, and the sound of tides surging in space was heard.
Because a corner of the Land of Extinction was broken, the sound was clearly transmitted inside.
In the face of a stalemate, the Degraded One maintained good patience, and mechanically summoned the shuttle hole to interact with Luo Zheng.
On the contrary, the Serpent Spirit King was a little impatient, "Do you plan to continue like this?"
"Of course not," the Degraded One replied faintly.
"Then what do you plan to do?"
The Serpent Spirit King asked.
"I need you," the Degraded One replied.
"Me?
How? "
The Spirit Snake King was confused.
If the two worlds collided, the Spirit Snake King would definitely be the one to lead the charge.
But now it was a contest between two worlds, and it could only be a spectator.
"This."
The Subdued One pointed his finger, and a white ring appeared around the Spirit Snake King's neck. This was the prototype of a white hole.
The Snake Spirit King looked down at the white ring and asked in confusion, "And then?"
"And then send it over," the Demoted One replied.
"You want me … to send you off?"
The Snake Spirit King's eyes were filled with astonishment.
"Of course," the Demoted One said coldly. Obviously, there was no room for negotiation. The Spirit Snake King could only bite the bullet and agree.
Afterward, the Spirit Snake King's body became fainter and fainter until it completely blended into the environment like clear water. The Degrader helped the Spirit Snake King completely hide before sending it into the Chaotic World.
When the needle was close to the Land of Extinction, the Spirit Snake King quietly climbed onto the needle.
Although the Serpent Spirit King's body was huge, it was still tiny compared to the needle. With the help of the Degraded One, it was impossible to detect! "Buzz …" A new round trip hole was created, and the needle once again changed its direction and extended toward the Land of Origin.
Luo Zheng did not notice the existence of the Spirit Snake King. He still released a round trip hole step by step, ready to continue sending the needle over.
But at this moment, a tiny snake shadow peeled off from the needle.
The moment the Spirit Snake King left the needle, it released the white ring on its head. In the blink of an eye, the white ring expanded into a huge white hole. The Land of Extinction drilled out of the white hole and crashed into the Land of Origin.
The Spirit Snake King was in the center of the white hole and was swept into the Land of Origin.
"Rumble …" The Land of Origin shook, Li Mountain shook, and the Emerald Terrace shook violently.
Whether it was Luo Zheng, Ku Shu, Nuwa, or the others, they did not expect such a change.
They stared blankly as the bloody sky was torn apart and the sharp horn of the Land of Extinction pierced into it. At the same time, they saw a huge snake recover its body after rolling over. It was the Evil Spirit Snake King.
Although the Spirit Snake King was dizzy, it was very happy when it found that it had been knocked into the Land of Origin. The Mother World had been destroyed, and this was its last shelter! "We are in, Master Degrader!"
The Spirit Snake King said.
The Degrader did not respond. A blue space door appeared on the sharp horn of the Land of Extinction, and groups of black chaotic creatures rushed out. There were so many of them that when they rushed out, they looked like a swarm of locusts. From afar, they looked like clouds of black fog.
"Buzz …" A figure appeared in front of the Spirit Snake King out of thin air. It was one of Luo Zheng's Inner Incarnations.
"We meet again," the Spirit Snake King opened its mouth. "Today, I will avenge my humiliation …" As soon as its voice fell, a powerful force locked its huge snake body. At the same time, Luo Zheng said, "This is my territory. Here, you are not my opponent …" Then Luo Zheng stretched out his finger and gently pinched it. The light of destruction enveloped the Spirit Snake King, and at the same time, the strength of the power that locked the Spirit Snake King increased crazily.
Although the Spirit Snake King's Treacherous Body was extremely strong, it was still crushed by the power and dissipated inch by inch … Previously, the Spirit Snake King had the advantage in the Jade Clear Sky by relying on its "omniscience" ability. Now, Luo Zheng had the power of omniscience and omnipotence.
"Awooo …" "Gulajili!"
"..." Chaotic beings continuously poured out of the spatial gate. Their numbers had already reached hundreds of thousands.
The first group of chaotic creatures had already discovered Luo Zheng. They roared as they rushed towards Luo Zheng.
"You are even less qualified …" Luo Zheng tilted his head slightly and slashed at them.
The power transformed into invisible blades that shot towards these chaotic creatures.
"Swish swish swish swish swish …" The invisible blades were extremely sharp. These chaotic creatures did not know what was happening. They only heard the sound of wind whistling in their ears, and then they were dismembered into large and small pieces … Black blood and broken limbs tumbled in the air, splashing everywhere … Hundreds of thousands of chaotic creatures were dealt with in an instant.
However, the space doors were still open, and the chaotic creatures were still coming out.
While Luo Zheng was slaughtering these chaotic creatures, he had some doubts in his heart.
The Degrader knew that sending these cannon fodder was meaningless, but he still did it. What was his goal?

Chapter 3869
Luo Zheng raised his right hand slightly.
Even more invisible blades were quickly produced and shot towards the spatial gates.
After penetrating some of the chaotic creatures, they hit the surface of the Space Gates.
"Pa, pa, pa …"
The Space Gates were not solid and were as fragile as glass, shattering with a single hit.
But as soon as Luo Zheng destroyed these Space Gates, more Space Gates appeared in the surroundings.
The chaotic creatures were still swarming out!
Luo Zheng snorted coldly, still sparing no effort to attack.
He was only expending energy, but the Land of Annihilation was expending lives.
Although the number of these chaotic creatures was terrifying, they could not withstand the slaughter like cutting rice …
As the number of Space Gates increased, Luo Zheng also brought out more and more invisible blades. In a breath's time, he could kill tens of thousands of chaotic creatures and destroy dozens of Space Gates.
After the slaughter lasted for dozens of breaths, Luo Zheng suddenly realized something was wrong.
The black remains of the chaotic creatures did not fall to the ground after being shattered. The remains floated around as if weightless. From a distance, they looked like black insects of various shapes, covering a considerable area.
"You found out?"
The Snake Spirit King's voice sounded again, "But it's too late …"
A part of the black wreckage began to move. They pieced together to form a giant hand and pinched Luo Zheng in it.
"Insignificant skill," Luo Zheng said expressionlessly.
His eyes narrowed slightly, and power gathered around him to form invisible blades that began to rotate from top to bottom. He wanted to form a storm of blades.
But as soon as the invisible blades were formed, they were suddenly eliminated.
"Huh?"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows furrowed, looking a little confused.
"Do you think this is still your territory?"
"We have the final say in the territory contaminated by chaotic creatures!"
"You, die!"
After the Snake Spirit King finished speaking, the large hand suddenly exerted force.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's entire body was crushed by the large hand.
"Hehe, in the end, I'm just a mere human. Of course I can't guess your thoughts, Sir Downgraded. We …"
The Snake Spirit King stopped halfway through her sentence.
A Luo Zheng appeared outside the contaminated area again. He stared at them with an indifferent expression and said, "These chaotic creatures are filled with the energy of 'domain climbing', which is a type of energy used to pollute. I've never used this kind of energy before, so I'm just testing it. Why are you so happy?"
Luo Zheng's real body was on the Emerald Terrace. What appeared now was just an incarnation of his body, which he could have as many incarnations as he wanted.
"Die!"
After being ridiculed by Luo Zheng, the Snake Spirit King became angry out of shame.
The black wreckage once again formed a giant hand and pinched Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng didn't dodge and allowed the giant hand to crush him.
As soon as this incarnation was crushed, another Luo Zheng reappeared.
He raised his hand slightly, and balls of light the size of marbles condensed behind him.
These balls of light were not created with the power of omnipotence. This was the Extreme Purification State, which could quickly purify the space contaminated by the Extreme Domain Climbing State.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The balls of light rained down on the black wreckage.
When the balls of light touched the black wreckage, they sank in.
The black color of the wreckage quickly faded and returned to the original color of flesh and blood.
Countless white and red wreckage floated in the air, adding a terrifying presence. But the contaminated space returned to its original owner.
If Luo Zheng didn't have the Skyring Staff, he wouldn't be able to do anything against the Extreme Domain Climbing State. He could only watch as the Degraders contaminated and consumed the Land of Origin. Now, Luo Zheng could easily counter them.
"We have the advantage of home ground. Even if the Land of Extinction barges in, we can't do anything!"
Nuwa smiled. The situation was better than she had imagined.
"I don't have a chance to fight …" Luo Nian was slightly disappointed. He had been eager to fight this battle for a long time, but Luo Zheng only used a few incarnations to stop the Land of Extinction.
"The great Degrader only knows how to be a coward, relying on the Snake Spirit King and these weak things?"
Luo Zheng asked as he created invisible blades to kill the chaotic creatures. When the wreckage of the chaotic creatures accumulated to a certain level, he used the Extreme Purification State to purify it.
"Against you, Lord Degrader doesn't need to act!"
The Snake Spirit King's voice sounded again.
At the same time …
One after another, even larger spatial doors appeared.
After the large spatial doors opened, giant chaotic creatures came out. Their shapes were still strange. There were multi-headed snakes, long-armed ghosts, multi-legged tarantulas, and so on.
"Ha …"
Luo Zheng glanced at it and a mocking expression appeared on his face.
These chaotic creatures were no different from the chaotic creatures before except for their large size.
He didn't even change his attack method. He still used a large number of invisible blades to drown these giants.
The only advantage these giant chaotic creatures had was that they could be cut into even more wreckage …
Large and small Chaos creatures marched forward wave after wave, fearlessly sacrificing their lives one after another.
Millions of them …
Tens of millions …
Hundreds of millions …
Wave after wave of black wreckage was purified and turned into countless flesh and blood wreckage. The Degrader wanted to pollute the Land of Origin with the Extreme Domain Climbing State. It was a delusion after all.
Wen Dizhi had been silently observing this massacre. Although the Extreme Domain Climbing State was resolved by Luo Zheng, he still faintly felt that something was wrong.
The Degrader was extremely intelligent. It was impossible for him to do something useless.
Using these chaotic creatures to attract everyone's attention?
He looked up at the sharp horn piercing into the Land of Origin. This sharp horn was only a small part of the Land of Extinction, but it was already a huge object.
The real Land of Extinction was enough to swallow up two Lands of Origin …
Swallow …
Wen Dizhi's eyebrows suddenly rose. "Luo Zheng, project the scene outside the Land of Origin!"
Luo Zheng's original body in the Jade Heaven looked at him strangely. He stretched out his hand and gently pointed. The scene outside was projected from the Jade Platform. They could clearly see a corner of the Land of Extinction piercing into the Land of Origin.
"What's wrong?
Dizhi? "
Ku Shu was also surprised.
Wen Dizhi looked at the projected scene and said, "Luo Zheng, use all your strength to push that sharp horn out!"
"I'm afraid that's difficult." Luo Zheng shook his head. This was equivalent to lifting the entire Land of Extinction.
With Luo Zheng's strength, he could stop the further invasion of the Land of Extinction, but it was not easy to completely get rid of the Land of Extinction. He was more inclined to fight the Degrader, but the Degrader never showed up.
"You can try!"
Wen Dizhi suggested.
Although Luo Zheng was surprised, he still listened to Wen Dizhi's words.
His doppelganger raised his hand slightly …
The power of the entire Land of Origin was concentrated on that sharp horn.
"Rumble …"
With all his strength, that sharp horn was slowly lifted a certain distance and then pressed down hard.
"I can't do it …" Luo Zheng shook his head.
Wen Dizhi pointed at the image in the outer region and said, "You clearly lifted a corner of the Extreme Burial Land, but the Extreme Burial Land on the image in the outer region didn't move at all. This image is an illusion, an illusion created by the Fallen for you!"

Chapter 3870
When a corner of the Land of Extinction crashed into the Land of Beginnings and caused a huge commotion, it attracted everyone's attention.
Luo Zheng was even more focused on killing the chaotic creatures and purifying the energy that climbed to the Extreme State.
Now that he heard Wen Dizhi's words, Luo Zheng realized that something was wrong and wanted to find out.
"Extreme State of Mind! Phantom Vision! "
The consciousness created by the Illusion Space Vision quickly spread out in all directions.
This consciousness spread so fast that it could reach the end of the Chaotic World in a short time.
But this time, it encountered an obstacle. As soon as the consciousness left the Land of Beginnings, it fell into a muddy sea as if it was completely absorbed by a mysterious force.
"How is this possible?"
Luo Zheng's face was filled with astonishment.
That wisp of consciousness had spread out in countless directions. Even if the consciousness in one direction was captured and eliminated, what about the consciousness in the other directions?
The Land of Beginnings was so huge now that unless the Land of Beginnings was wrapped in something bigger, the consciousness could not be completely absorbed.
Wrapped … Luo Zheng's heart pounded.
He looked up at the bloody sky and suddenly realized something. His face became extremely ugly.
"Father, what's wrong?"
Luo Nian noticed Luo Zheng's ugly expression.
Not only did Luo Nian notice it, but so did the others.
Luo Zheng did not answer Luo Nian's question. He narrowed his eyes slightly and created a doppelganger at the edge of the Land of Beginnings.
"Whoosh …" Luo Zheng's doppelganger did not stop after it appeared. It stretched out its palm and placed it on the inner wall of the Land of Beginnings.
Now the inner wall of the Land of Beginnings was very thick. This was the result of absorbing countless heads in the Chaotic World. Even the Immortal Realm could not break the inner wall and enter the Chaotic World. But for Luo Zheng, this was not an obstacle.
"Escape."
Luo Zheng's doppelganger softly spat out a word.
His body went straight into it and quickly passed through the walls of the Land of Beginnings to the Outer Realm.
Logically speaking, this should be an empty Chaotic World … but now he saw a black mountain range in the distance. These mountains were completely upside down, and the peak of the mountain was facing Luo Zheng's doppelganger.
"Wow!"
"Gulala …" "Dugu!"
After discovering Luo Zheng, the chaotic creatures on the black mountain spread their wings and rushed towards Luo Zheng as if he was an extraordinary prey.
Before the chaotic creature at the front approached, a snow-white light had already entered its chest, drew an arc in the air, and returned to Luo Zheng's hand. It was a light shuttle, made of purified extreme state energy.
The creatures of Chaos that were struck would lose the black substance in their bodies and fall to the surface of the Land of Beginnings, dying.
Now that Luo Zheng was outside the Land of Origin, he could not use the power of omniscience and omnipotence, but he could still deal with these chaotic creatures like cutting melons and vegetables.
Although these chaotic creatures did not know what fear was and were swarming towards Luo Zheng, the shuttle of light was a scythe that reaped lives. After drawing an irregular curve in the air, bodies of flesh and blood fell around Luo Zheng.
"Bang, bang, bang, bang …" The corpses of the chaotic creatures piled up into a small hill around him.
However, Luo Zhengli hadn't come to the Land of Life to slaughter these chaotic lifeforms. He had come to investigate the truth and verify his suspicions. After killing over a thousand chaotic lifeforms, Luo Zhengli planned to leave this place and go to a place with a wider field of vision.
He stretched out a hand, clasped his thumb and index finger together, and gently folded the space between the two places. In the blink of an eye, he moved trillions of miles and stood on the top of the Land of Beginnings.
Just as Luo Zheng stood still, a voice sounded behind Luo Zheng. "Look carefully, look here …" This was the voice of the Spirit Snake King! Luo Zheng suddenly turned around, but there was nothing behind him. Just as he was vigilant, a thin tail had quietly wrapped around Luo Zheng's throat and lifted him up.
"Phew …" "This is my world, and also my territory!"
Luo Zheng was lifted into the air by the tail. Right in front of him was the huge head of the Spirit Snake King.
Previously, the Spirit Snake King was no match for Luo Zheng in the Land of Beginnings. Now that the two sides had swapped places, it was Luo Zheng who broke into his territory.
The snake tail wrapped around Luo Zheng and changed directions. Luo Zheng looked around and saw countless black mountains and chaotic creatures. He finally confirmed that this was the interior of the Land of Extinction. The Land of Beginnings had been quietly swallowed up by the Land of Extinction! "Ha …" Luo Zheng sneered. The light shuttle in his hand quickly elongated into a blazing white light sword. With a fierce slash, he cut off the slender snake tail. Then, as he turned over, the blazing white light sword shot into the Spirit Snake King's mouth.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …" The light sword bloomed into countless white lines inside the Spirit Snake King's body and cut the Spirit Snake King into countless pieces. The huge snake body collapsed like a mountain that had lost its fulcrum. The attack power of the Extreme Purification state was not strong, but the Spirit Snake King in front of him was also an "Inner Incarnation," so it was not a problem to deal with it.
"Swoosh …" A brand-new snake body appeared behind Luo Zheng again. The Inner Incarnation that Sin had condensed was about the same size as Luo Zheng. After it appeared, it directly wrapped around Luo Zheng. The snake head slithered in front of Luo Zheng and asked, "Am I your opponent now?"
"You?
Still not! "
The energy of the Extreme Destruction state suddenly emerged from Luo Zheng's body. This Extreme Destruction state energy formed six purple short swords that circled around him. Sin was cut into countless pieces again. With the Extreme Destruction state energy, Luo Zheng, even if it was only an Avatar, was still very sharp even if it was not in the Land of Origin.
Just after the Spirit Snake King was dismembered, a new Spirit Snake King appeared immediately after, still wrapped around Luo Zheng's body and continued to say, "It doesn't matter if you are not my opponent. After all, this is a battle between two worlds. Wait until I devour your Land of Origin, then I'll see how stubborn you are. Hahaha …" While the Spirit Snake King was laughing, many black spirals appeared in the inner space of the Land of Origin. After one of the black spirals landed on the surface of the Land of Origin, it started to spin like a top.
"Ka, ka, ka, ka …" The surface of the Land of Origin was originally very strong, but it was so fragile in front of the black spirals. The surface cracked rapidly, and substances as small as sand and as big as broad beans were constantly peeled off! This black spiral was only the size of a person, and the substances that it rolled out were pitifully small. Compared to the huge Land of Origin, it was almost negligible.
But there were trillions of black spirals in the Land of Origin … The black spirals fell on the Land of Origin like locusts. From afar, it looked like the Land of Origin was covered with a layer of black gauze! The substances on the surface of the Land of Origin were quickly peeled off, separated, and then absorbed! After the Land of Extinction swallowed the Land of Beginnings in one gulp, it intended to digest it bit by bit!

Chapter 3871
The Subdued One was very proactive in attacking. From the moment it released the Needle of Destiny, it had been planning every step of the way.
In contrast, Luo Zheng was more conservative, blindly countering every move.
On the one hand, the Subdued One was able to control the needle and had the initiative. On the other hand, the Subdued One had rich experience. He had experienced the entire deep space and was much more skilled than Luo Zheng in using all the extreme energy.
"Hehehe … I won't kill you. I'll let you see how I devour this world …" The Snake Spirit King laughed proudly.
It was very sensitive to emotions and could sense Luo Zheng's despair.
Luo Zheng did not fight back. No matter how many times he tried to kill his incarnation in the Extinct Burial Land, it was futile. He could only silently observe this scene.
Each black spiral was very small and its devouring speed was limited. However, there were too many of them. If this continued, the Land of Origin would not be able to hold on for too long …
Everyone's eyes were full of anxiety. They looked at Luo Zheng's original body and then at the fake projection, trying to understand what was going on.
Soon after, Luo Zheng's original body finally moved. He gently flicked his fingers and the fake illusion projected on the Emerald Platform disappeared.
"Luo Zheng, what's the situation?"
Ku Shu was the first to ask.
Luo Zheng was silent for a while and said, "We are already inside the Extinct Burial Land. Now the Snake Spirit King is controlling the Extinct Burial Land to devour the outer wall of the Land of Origin …" Although everyone present was mentally prepared for this, after Luo Zheng confirmed it, their faces became gloomy.
"What should we do?"
Elder Ying asked in a low voice.
This was a situation that no one had experienced before. Even someone as wise as Nuwa was at her wit's end.
Ku Shu asked Wen Dizhi, "Dizhi, if a world is contained in another world, what will happen to the rules?"
Although the House of Great Guessing had done all kinds of strange experiments, this question was too unpopular. If the Land of Origin was contained in another Land of Origin, then who was the real world controller?
Wen Dizhi was stumped by the question. "I haven't done any research on this. Perhaps the brothers in the Residence of Great Guessing have. Let me make a trip to the Nirvana Realm …" Wen Dizhi then returned to the Nirvana Realm.
Dozens of breaths later, the Ring of Arrival shone with golden light. It was not Wen Dishi who descended, but a skinny young man.
"Lu Han from the Great Conjecture Estate greets the Human Spirit King." The young man named Lu Han bowed.
Ku Shu waved his hand, "No need to be so polite. Can you answer my question?"
Lu Han nodded. "I'm in charge of the Great Conjecture Manor's research on the Secondary Worlds. I'm the authority in this area, so the Manor Head allowed me to descend here.
Ku Shu interrupted him.
Everyone was speechless that Lu Han was still so long-winded in such a critical situation.
"I once created a few Lands of Beginnings at the same time and let them merge and devour each other. One of the situations was similar to what you encountered. The bigger Lands of Beginnings devoured the smaller Lands of Beginnings …" Lu Han said calmly.
Ku Shu, Nuwa, and the others looked helpless, but they could only let him do as he wished.
Luo Zheng showed a concerned look. "After the smaller Lands of Beginnings were devoured, what would happen to me as the controller?"
"Nothing," Lu Han said with a smile. "Your power and his power will merge into one. What's interesting is that as the controller, you can even control the Lands of Extinction in the opposite direction. To put it bluntly, you and the Serpent Spirit King will compete for the control rights of the entire Lands of Extinction. Whoever wins will take it all."
Hearing this, Nuwa could not help but blurt out, "Wouldn't that be a great loss for them?"
Lu Han smiled. "It's more than a loss, it's simply stupid. The Serpent Spirit King and the Downgraded must not have done similar experiments. They think that they can control everything by devouring the Lands of Beginnings. In fact, it's the opposite …" Although the shrunken young man was still long-winded, everyone's patience had improved a lot.
The situation was still critical, but at least there was still room for struggle. The winner was still unknown.
However, the Lands of Beginnings would no longer be a safe haven. This war would be unprecedentedly fierce.
The people on the Emerald Terrace had long been mentally prepared, but this involved hundreds of millions of innocent people. The people in the many big cities on Li Mountain, the people in the Ultimate Cemetery, the people in the Divine Domain, and even the people living in the universe who were unaware of the outside world … "I need to let them know the truth. Even if they die, they must die knowing …" Luo Zheng said.
"What do you want to do?"
Fuxi asked.
"Tell everyone."
With that, Luo Zheng lightly tapped the Emerald Terrace with the tip of his foot, and his whole body floated up into the air.
"I am Luo Zheng, the master of this Lands of Beginnings. Regardless of whether you are from Li Mountain, the Ultimate Cemetery, the Divine Domain, or the universe, you are all under my protection …" This voice did not have any penetrative power, because Luo Zheng directly activated the power of omnipotence, causing his voice to ring in everyone's ears. It was as if there were hundreds of billions of Luo Zheng beside hundreds of billions of people, explaining.
"Now, the Lands of Beginnings are facing a great crisis. A bigger world has descended, and the Lands of Beginnings will be plunged into turmoil. Every person and living creature living in it will not be spared … but I will do my best to protect everyone …" The Divine Domain.
On the other side of the Sea of Time.
A girl with a bleak expression looked up at the sky. She was Yun Luo.
She took the initiative to let Luo Xiao take back a strand of Heaven's Will. Her cultivation fell back to the realm of a Realm Lord. After a period of time, she broke through the shackles to become a True God and finally entered the Divine Domain.
When Luo Zheng's voice rang out, she vaguely felt that she had returned to the Great Yan Universe. At that time, Luo Zheng's voice had echoed in it.
In the Great Yan Universe, Original Sin, Oracle, and the other Celestial Venerables thought that Luo Zheng had returned.
They even used the Roaring Token to try to communicate with Luo Zheng … in the immortal estate … in Li Mountain … the humans, other races, intelligent beings. When they heard Luo Zheng's words, they all had different feelings.
Some did not believe, some did not care, some were pessimistic, and some cried … whether they were willing or not, they would face an unavoidable storm.
After Luo Zheng returned to the jade platform, he communicated with the Origin Divine Blood.
After bringing the Skyring Staff back, the Origin Divine Blood took away the "spirit body" inside the Skyring Staff, which was the crystal. It tried to find its memories from it.
But the process was not smooth. This crystal was in a completely sealed state. The Origin Divine Blood was afraid of damaging the crystal and did not dare to use too strong a method.
"The outer walls of the Lands of Beginnings will be eroded. No matter what, return to my body first," Luo Zheng said.
The Origin Divine Blood readily accepted Luo Zheng's suggestion.
The huge blood-colored sky began to shrink. After gathering into an extremely thin blood pillar, it brought the crystal that belonged to the Skyring Staff into Luo Zheng's body.

Chapter 3872
After absorbing the Origin Divine Blood, there were only one hundred and forty extreme state energies floating in the sky.
It was a little complicated to control these extreme state energies, so Luo Zheng created one hundred and forty doppelgangers. Each doppelganger was responsible for one extreme state energy. When needed, one of the doppelgangers would be activated to control it.
But the Land of Origin was about to be breached, so he had to prevent these extreme state energies and doppelgangers from being destroyed.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and gently raised his hand. There was a mysterious power of space flowing at his fingertips. After the doppelganger controlling the "Ultra Space Extreme State" opened his eyes, a space enveloped all the extreme state energies and the doppelganger.
"Shrink!"
"Hoo …" The space kept shrinking, and the one hundred and forty extreme state energies and the doppelganger also shrank, and finally fell into Luo Zheng's palm.
Picking the stars with his bare hands was nothing more than that.
After absorbing this space, Luo Zheng's eyes swept across everyone present.
Everyone's mentality was also very complicated.
It was not easy to go from the war in the mother world to the successful escape.
Now it was not worth mentioning. They had to face the Serpent Spirit King, a Degrader … Fuxi smiled unrestrainedly. "Even if we lose, it's worth it. So many civilizations have never experienced this before!"
"We never thought of fighting against such a powerful enemy. If we had known, I'm afraid we would have given up from the day we knew," Donghuang said expressionlessly.
"Not only you, in fact, even I didn't expect this," Wen Dizhi shook his head.
Although they were full of fighting spirit, despair was quietly growing in their hearts.
It was like trying to climb a mountain, but what appeared after climbing the mountain was a stairway to heaven that made one despair.
Their previous efforts seemed to have become a joke. No matter who it was, they would fall into such a state of distress.
"Are we going to lose?"
Ku Shu suddenly scolded. "Don't forget that we have everything the Degrader has. How can he win?"
"Yes! Luo Zheng also controls extreme state energy, and is also the controller of the Land of Origin. They are evenly matched. More importantly, they don't have what we have! "
Nuwa also stood up and said.
Luo Zheng asked in surprise, "They don't have what?"
"First move," Nuwa said.
Luo Zheng still did not understand. Nuwa did not care about everyone's reaction and directly explained, "Just now, the human spirit named Lu Han explained that the Land of Origin does not have an advantage over the Land of Origin. The two controllers of the Land of Origin have the same authority?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
"The Serpent Spirit King and the Fallen One must not know this, otherwise they would not have chosen the path of devouring the Land of Origin," Nuwa continued to analyze.
Luo Zheng nodded again, Nuwa's to a certain extent.
"When the two worlds fuse into one, your omniscience and omnipotence will be unimpeded in the Extinction Grounds. You will be able to find the Serpent King in an instant and kill it!"
Nuwa.
Hearing Nuwa's suggestion, Fuxi, Ku Shu, and the others' eyes lit up. Wen Dizhi said, "Sin has the body of a Sly, it is not easy to kill it …" Sly was terrifying because it was extremely difficult to kill. Even if the Light of Destruction was used to kill Sly, it could still be resurrected through the coordinates.
Luo Zheng could use the Xin Huo extreme state to save the Light of Destruction and directly burn the Serpent Spirit King to death. He had done it once in the Nirvana Realm, but how could he eliminate the coordinates?
"It should not be difficult to find the coordinates when you are omniscient," Nuwa's brain worked quickly.
"Yes, if the coordinates are in the Land of Extinction, I have a better chance of killing the Serpent Spirit King," Luo Zheng said.
"What if it is not in the Land of Extinction, but in the Nirvana Realm?"
Wen Dizhi asked again.
This time, everyone was speechless.
It was not easy to find the coordinates of the Serpent Spirit King in the Nirvana Realm.
"Haha …" Ku Shu suddenly laughed, "With Sin's cautious character, I am afraid that it is unwilling to be separated from the coordinates. The possibility of it bringing the coordinates to the Land of Extinction is not small, and we do not have a 100% chance of winning this war, we can only gamble!"
"Let alone a 100% chance of winning, even if the chance of winning is slim, we have to go on!"
Luo Zheng also nodded.
Outside the Land of Origin, Luo Zheng's doppelganger was still tightly restrained by the Serpent Spirit King, and he looked down.
In the process of erosion, the black vortexes should have also absorbed some matter. These black vortexes were growing little by little, and the speed at which they eroded the outer wall of the Land of Origin was getting faster and faster.
They were like peeling skin, grinding away the outer wall of the Land of Origin little by little.
This might take a long time, but in the eyes of the Serpent Spirit King and the Degenerate, it was the safest plan.
On a mountain peak in the Land of Extinction, the Serpent Spirit King's original body stood there, and the Degenerate stood on its head.
"We have an absolute advantage, and the mother world has been smashed to pieces. Congratulations on winning this war in advance," the Serpent Spirit King said respectfully.
The six pairs of compound eyes of the Degenerate were light blue, releasing a trace of desolation. "It's a bit boring … Why?"
The Serpent Spirit King asked in surprise.
"I have fought with 'Cong' many times, and every time it was wonderful. I tried my best, but I couldn't take him down. It's really boring to face these weak existences now …" the Degenerate said, shaking its head.
"Who is' Cong '?"
The Serpent Spirit King asked carefully.
"You are not qualified to know," the Degenerate said mercilessly.
The Serpent Spirit King was cursing in its heart, but it did not dare to show it.
Two hours later … one-fifth of the outer wall of the Land of Origin had been worn away.
Six hours later … half of the outer wall of the Land of Origin had been worn away.
Ten hours later … only a thin layer of the Land of Origin was left, about one-tenth of its thickness.
At this time, the Serpent Spirit King released a bloody aura that spread to every corner of the Land of Extinction.
"Swoosh …" All the chaotic creatures were like sharks that smelled blood. They spread their wings and flew toward the behemoth of the Land of Origin.
As long as the outer wall of the Land of Origin was worn away, they would swarm in.
"Are you desperate?"
The Serpent Spirit King's clone asked.
"Haha …" Luo Zheng's clone just sneered.
Seeing those chaotic creatures gathering around, he believed Nuwa's words even more. The Serpent Spirit King and the Degenerate really did not know that when the boundary was broken, the two Lands of Origin would merge into one.
Three-quarters of an hour later, the outer wall of the Land of Beginnings made a cracking sound, and countless holes appeared. The remaining broken shell was completely ground away by the black vortex, and the two worlds merged.
"Phew … Success!"
At this moment, the Serpent Spirit King felt a lot of information in its mind.
Before, the Land of Origin was a black box to it, but now it was transparent. Endless details poured into its mind, and its omnipotence extended to the Land of Origin.
What the Serpent Spirit King did not know was that Luo Zheng was feeling exactly the same as it.

Chapter 3873
The entire Burial Ground became transparent to Luo Zheng.
From the number of chaotic creatures to the bottom of the black mountains, to the huge pots used to cultivate chaotic creatures, every detail was clear to him.
Luo Zheng could also sense the chaotic creatures swarming over. Their minds were filled with fanaticism, restlessness, and killing … But Luo Zheng wasn't interested in that. He wanted to find the Spirit Snake King's coordinates through the power of omniscience.
"Buzz …" Almost instantly, the Spirit Snake King and the Downtrodden appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
Both of them had extremely sharp senses. If someone was spying on them, they would be the first to notice. But Luo Zheng's state of omniscience didn't mean that he was spying on them. He would know all the information in the Burial Ground if he wanted to! "Downtrodden, Spirit Snake King, found …" Luo Zheng's target wasn't them, but the Spirit Snake King's coordinates.
"His coordinates …" In the state of omniscience, nothing could be hidden in the Burial Ground. As long as Luo Zheng wanted to, he would know the answer. He quickly locked onto the bottom of a mountain. The Spirit Snake King's coordinates were still protected by the black light, and outside the black light, there was a golden ring protecting it.
"Buzz …" Luo Zheng looked at everyone and nodded slightly. His figure instantly disappeared, and at the same time, he left a doppelganger in place.
As soon as Luo Zheng took a step forward, the Spirit Snake King suddenly appeared on Mount Li. Its huge snake body slowly coiled up, and its head kept hissing. Its pair of golden snake eyes couldn't hide its pride.
"Panic, fear, uneasiness, your emotions intoxicate me …" Nuwa, Ku Shu, Wen Dishi, and the others' eyes were indeed full of uneasiness, but this uneasiness came from the fear of Luo Zheng's actions being discovered, not from the Spirit Snake King itself. But their emotions perfectly matched this performance.
The Spirit Snake King didn't even check whether Luo Zheng's doppelganger was the real body, nor did it use the power of omniscience to check what had just happened. It thought that it had everything under its control. Ku Shu, Luo Zheng, Wen Dishi, Yu Zhi … These weak existences had no chance of turning the tables.
"My daughter, do you have what you want now?"
The Spirit Snake King said to Yu Zhi.
Yu Zhi stood in the corner of the Jade Platform and stared coldly at his father. His face was full of disgust. "You didn't get what you wanted either. You slept in your dream for so long, but in the end, it was all in vain. You are more pitiful than me!"
"Hiss —" The fact that it couldn't be upgraded was a huge blow to the Spirit Snake King. Although it tried to accept it, now that it was exposed by Yu Zhi, it became angry. It opened its mouth and bit at Yu Zhi.
Ku Shu, Wen Dishi, and Hua Tianming were about to attack, but a burly figure was faster and more powerful than them. It was Luo Nian.
Before the Spirit Snake King could react, Luo Nian was already on the side of the Spirit Snake King's body. His sandbag-sized fist smashed into the snake's body.
"Pop …" The punch seemed to hit a pillow. The sound was soft and muffled, but the power that burst out was extremely terrifying.
The huge body of the Spirit Snake King caved in, and the power came out from the other side of the snake's body and spread in waves. It distorted the space within tens of thousands of miles. Because of the rapid distortion of space, a wider wave was transmitted. This wave even affected the chaotic creatures that had just invaded. Even though they were so far away, they were still blown away.
"Swoosh …" After the power of this punch was exhausted, the Spirit Snake King's body directly turned into powder. It couldn't be more dead.
Everyone on the Jade Platform stared at Luo Nian with wide eyes.
After Luo Nian returned, he had been reborn. He had also exchanged pointers with Hua Tianming. The power he showed had already shocked everyone. They didn't expect that Luo Nian's power would be far beyond their imagination.
"I'll protect everyone!"
Luo Nian waved his fist with a smile.
After returning to the Chaotic World, he had never used his full strength. After all, this was the strongest body in the deep space. Its power was so strong that it made him speechless. At the same time, his confidence skyrocketed.
"Hum …" A brand-new Spirit Snake King appeared again.
"Hiss …" "What a terrible power. What a surprise. But no matter how strong you are, so what?
Can you kill me? "
The Spirit Snake King sneered.
"Bang!"
As soon as its voice fell, Luo Nian appeared in front of the Spirit Snake King and punched the Spirit Snake King's head.
The extremely strong body and power were enough to get rid of the constraints of space and even avoid the influence of omniscience to a certain extent.
The snake's body was shattered again … But Luo Nian still only killed one of its internal incarnations. As long as the Spirit Snake King wanted, it could create thousands of internal incarnations.
"Hum …" The old Spirit Snake King was killed, and a new Spirit Snake King appeared in an instant. It was killed again, and a new Spirit Snake King appeared.
This scene kept appearing around the Jade Platform, and it was too much for the eyes to take in.
Ku Shu and the others sighed and didn't attack. They knew Luo Nian's purpose — to attract the Spirit Snake King's interest with his powerful strength so that Luo Zheng could succeed.
While Luo Nian was killing the Spirit Snake King, Luo Zheng quietly appeared at the bottom of the mountain, only a few feet away from the Spirit Snake King's coordinates.
He originally wanted to directly "appear" next to the coordinates, which was easy for him to do with his omnipotent strength, but the golden ring was very strange and blocked him outside.
Although there was a golden ring between them, this distance was enough. He had to race against time.
Because as long as the Spirit Snake King "wanted" to go anywhere, Luo Zheng would immediately expose his position.
"Extreme Destruction State!"
A circle of purple energy formed in front of Luo Zheng. This purple energy circle formed a spear head and a spear shaft … He held the spear formed by the Extreme Destruction State energy, raised his eyebrows, and thrust the spear forward.
"Clang!"
The spear pierced the surface of the golden ring, making a harsh sound. The golden ring shook, and some cracks appeared on its edge! "It didn't break?
Oh no … "Luo Zheng originally thought that this spear could break the golden ring and shatter the coordinates, but he didn't expect this ordinary-looking golden ring to be so strong that even the Extreme Destruction State couldn't break it! His reaction was also very fast. He withdrew the spear and thrust it forward a second time. At the same time, he released two doppelgangers at the same time.
The Spirit Snake King's original body and the Fallen One were still on the mountain, all of their attention focused on Luo Nian.
It had to be said that Luo Nian's body was indeed able to attract the Spirit Snake King and the Fallen One.
"This young man's body is terrifyingly strong … and I can feel that his soul is also terrifyingly strong. If I didn't rely on the Land of Extinction, I wouldn't be his opponent at all. How can such an existence be born in the Land of Origin?
Is it because of the extreme state energy? "
The Spirit Snake King said.
The Fallen One shook his head and said, "He was the one who brought back the Skyring Staff. He must have obtained a great opportunity in the deep space. Both his body and soul are top in the deep space. It's normal that you are not his opponent."
"It's a pity that he fell into my hands. In the end, he can only be a mouse being toyed with," the Spirit Snake King said with a smile.
"Don't be careless. They still have the extreme state energy. Although it's not worth mentioning, but …" The Fallen One was halfway through his words when a red light suddenly flashed in his six pairs of compound eyes, and an uneasy feeling spread out from his body.

Chapter 3874
At this moment, the Subdued One felt that the golden hoop was being attacked, and the golden hoop was damaged! This kind of golden ring was known as the "Narrow Steel Ring" in the deep space. It was a very powerful defensive magic weapon invented by a genius of the Dan Clan. Even the Downgraded were amazed when they saw the Narrow Steel Ring for the first time. To be able to create such a powerful magic weapon by relying on extreme state energy, the wisdom of humans was indeed infinite.
After obtaining the irregular heavy sword, the Subdued One used extreme energy to create the Narrow Steel Hoop. However, this was not the deep space. Creating the Narrow Steel Hoop required a lot of special techniques and materials. The Subdued One could only make a simplified version.
Even the simplified version of the Narrow Steel Hoop had amazing defensive power. It was impossible to damage it with one hit! "What's wrong?"
The Snake Spirit King felt strange. Why would the Subdued One, who was in charge of the overall situation, show such emotions?
"Someone is destroying your coordinates and my source light …" the Subdued One replied.
"What?
How is that possible? "
The Snake Spirit King's eyes were filled with disbelief. It began to "think" about the answer passively, and the power of omniscience immediately fed it all the relevant answers.
Including the inner thoughts of the people on the Jade Terrace, why did Luo Nian show such a powerful attack in vain? And the location of Luo Zheng … He saw Luo Zheng raise a purple spear and stab the golden hoop violently. Many cracks appeared on the Narrow Steel Hoop.
Clang!
With a crisp sound, the cracks covered the entire Narrow Steel Hoop. One more hit and the Narrow Steel Hoop would definitely shatter! "Stop!"
The Snake Spirit King was shocked. It immediately moved to Luo Zheng's side to block the spear.
The Subdued One's reaction should have been faster than the Snake Spirit King's, but after all, he had given the Extinct Land to the Snake Spirit King, so the speed of his teleportation was slower.
Just as the Subdued One and the Snake Spirit King were about to teleport, two of Luo Zheng's doppelgangers appeared behind them.
"Banish!"
Two square spaces enveloped the Subdued One and the Snake Spirit King.
Buzz … They felt their vision blur, and at the same time, they left the Extinct Land and floated in the empty Chaotic World.
"What?"
The Subdued One's six pairs of compound eyes turned bright red, and its emotions became more intense.
"Luo Zheng … can he still control the Land of Extinction?"
The Spirit Snake King only reacted after being expelled from the Extinct Burial Ground.
"Inner Body Incarnation!"
After being exiled from this distance, it would not be easy for the Snake Spirit King to return. It immediately created an Inner Incarnation beside Luo Zheng.
The Snake Spirit King's Inner Incarnation had just appeared, and before it could stop Luo Zheng, the bright purple spear dragged the extreme state of destruction energy onto the narrow steel ring.
"Clang …" The narrow steel ring, which was full of cracks, could not escape the fate of exploding.
For a defensive artifact to be able to withstand three spears from the extreme state of destruction is already very impressive … After the spear shattered the narrow steel ring, it did not stop. It passed through the black light and stabbed at the coordinates.
"Bang!"
When the coordinates formed by the two golden crosses came into contact with the extreme state of destruction, they directly turned into fine golden powder.
The poor Serpent Spirit King could clearly perceive everything through the Land of Extinction. It even knew how many pieces its coordinates had been shattered into, but it could not stop all of this from happening. It could only stand there in a daze. What was the point of this "omniscience"?
"Save, save me …" The Snake Spirit King sent a final plea for help to the Downtrodden.
"You died of stupidity," the Downtrodden only sneered.
"I, I …" It could no longer speak. Its Treacherous Body slowly turned snow-white, from snow-white to hazy translucent, and finally disappeared completely from the Downtrodden's vision.
The culprit who brought the Four Spirit Gates and the Main World to destruction died just like that … After the Snake Spirit King's True Body died, its Inner Body Incarnation could not move, as if it had lost its soul.
Luo Zheng stretched out his finger, and the purple spear pierced the snake's body. The Inner Body Incarnation was blasted into pieces by the spear, and then he showed a relaxed smile.
On the Jade Platform, the Snake Spirit King's Incarnations were quickly killed by Luo Nian. Luo Nian was originally calculating how long his physical strength could last, but suddenly it was gone! Did Luo Zheng succeed?
Or did the Snake Spirit King not want to play with Luo Nian anymore?
After a moment of silence, everyone looked at Luo Zheng's Incarnation. This Incarnation was connected to Luo Zheng's True Body.
"Luo Zheng … How is it?"
Nuwa asked.
The Jade Platform was extremely quiet, and everyone was waiting for Luo Zheng's Incarnation to answer.
This Incarnation paused for a moment, and the corners of its mouth curved up on its originally serious face. It said with a smile, "The Snake Spirit King's coordinates have been cleared."
Ku Shu, Wen Dishi, Nuwa, Luo Nian, Hua Tianming, and the human heroes in the pages were stunned for a moment, and then they jumped for joy.
"It's really done!"
"It's so easy!"
"When two enemies meet on a narrow path, the brave will win. As a World Controller, victory or defeat is decided by a single thought!"
The game between two World Controllers was about who had the upper hand. It was especially important for them to get the most crucial information from Lu Han in the House of Guessing. This was to verify Goddess Nuwa's suggestion.
Yuzhi, on the other hand, had a relaxed expression. This nightmarish father of hers had finally died, and her curse that had lasted for thousands of chaos epochs had finally come true.
While everyone was happy, Luo Zheng said, "Although the coordinates have been knocked out, that black light still exists, and I can't erase it …" The group on the Jade Platform was originally immersed in an optimistic mood, but when Luo Zheng said this, their expressions suddenly became solemn.
They did not forget that the Degrader was the biggest threat.
At the bottom of the mountain, Luo Zheng's hand flashed with rings one after another.
All kinds of extreme energy took turns to attack, but no matter what extreme energy it was, it could not affect the black light.
"Woo …" A white ring released a blazing light, and directly melted the mountain, but the black light remained unmoved.
"Luo Zheng, how about you exclude this part of the area?"
On the Jade Platform, Nuwa suggested to his Incarnation.
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly, and a blue ring flashed in front of him.
"Ultra Space Extreme State!"
"Buzz …" A space of ten miles in length, width, and height was cut out, and this space was completely isolated from the inside of the Land of Origin.
"Banish!"
The matter in this space, including the black light, was banished.
The huge space was banished into the Chaotic World, but the black light still floated in its original position, and did not move for a moment.
This thing was more stubborn than he thought … "Origin Divine Blood … Do you have a way?"
Luo Zheng helplessly asked for help.
Although the Origin Divine Blood had been busy cracking the crystal, it was also paying attention to Luo Zheng's movements, and naturally noticed the black light early on.
"When I was in Jade Clear Sky, I noticed that there was something familiar in this black light," the Origin Divine Blood said.
"What is it?"
Luo Zheng quickly asked.
"I can't say, the relevant memory has been lost, maybe the answer can be found in the crystal," the Origin Divine Blood replied.
"…" Luo Zheng communicated with the Origin Divine Blood while staring at the black light, and a strange feeling rose in his heart. Someone in the black light was staring at him.
Just as he was about to speak, the Degrader sneered from the black light.
"Oh … I was still discovered, you are sharp."

Chapter 3875
The Degraded One floated in the chaotic void. Its six pairs of eyes were pale orange. It was measuring and examining Luo Zheng.
After being discovered by Luo Zheng, he was not nervous at all. Instead, he mocked him lightly.
Hearing the Degraded One's tone, Luo Zheng's heart tightened. The Degraded One did not care about the death of the Spirit Snake King. This was not a good sign.
"It turns out that you can't take away the authority of the Land of Beginnings by swallowing it directly …" "After the Land of Beginnings swallowed the Land of Beginnings, the two masters have the same authority. The Serpent Spirit King is really useless …" "You should know this secret and have planned for it," the Demoted One paused for a moment and continued, "You were born in this round of chaos and didn't have the chance to try it. I guess the people from the Great Guessing Residence told you about it?"
The Degraded One had a better understanding of the essence than anyone else. It could quickly summarize the most correct answer.
Luo Zheng stared at the black light silently. He felt a great pressure.
When he was in the Jade Clear Sky, he did not have a complete understanding of the Degraded One. He fought with the Degraded One with courage and even had the upper hand for a while. But after the Bitter Tree woke up and Luo Nian brought back the Skyring Staff, he gradually felt that the Degraded One was unfathomable.
Even after killing the Spirit Snake King, the situation seemed to be under the Degraded One's control! "So what if it is?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Your resistance is wonderful and surprising, but it is all in vain," the Degraded One said.
"In vain?"
Luo Zheng pulled himself together. "Don't forget that I am now the master of the Place of Extinction. I also have the extreme energy of the deep space, but you are all alone!"
On the surface, Luo Zheng had the upper hand. He should not be afraid of the Degraded One.
"Hahaha …" The Degraded One made a series of hair-raising sounds. "Your current struggle reminds me of something in the past. That race called the Holy Race has an indestructible form from birth. They are living stone tablets. Guess how they plan to deal with me?"
Luo Zheng didn't say anything.
"They gathered the power of their entire race and grew together to form a gigantic cage of stone tablets to trap me within. You haven't seen that scene before; it's truly unprecedented. The power of a six-cell world is actually far inferior to that of a seven-cell or eight-cell world, but these Sages were the most determined to destroy me, and the result was the cruelest …" "What happened to them?"
Luo Zheng couldn't help asking.
"From a stone tablet to a tombstone, hahaha …" The Demoted One continued to laugh. "After I heavily injured Cong in the Five Grid World, I have already won. In this world, only Cong can stop me. All of you … are just objects, tools, weapons for me to use against Cong."
"We have our own wisdom," Luo Zheng said, raising his eyebrows.
"No, you don't." The Demoted One shook its head. "Your wisdom is too low. Admittedly, it's already very impressive to be able to reach this step, but you are ultimately just tools. Without Cong, there would be no tool to use. You don't even realize how ridiculous it is for you to fumble around in chaos, hahaha …" The Demoted One's words were completely mocking from an unattainable dimension.
"Without that Cong, we can still win. Otherwise, why would you bother parasitizing the Snake Spirit King all these years?"
Luo Zheng retorted sarcastically.
"In the deep space, Cong lost its memory, and I lost my 'power', so even the Demoted One was extremely difficult." The Demoted One stretched out its slender arm, and the irregular epee appeared section by section and slowly pieced together. "But now that my power has returned, everything is naturally different. I can show you how to use such a weapon …" "Buzz …" The gaps on the irregular epee began to flicker.
The light was not monochromatic, but multicolored … Different extreme states of energy were rapidly switching.
"Phew …" At the same time, Luo Zheng felt that something had changed in the Land of Extinction.
"Chaotic creatures!"
Previously, when the Snake Spirit King used those black vortexes to wear down the outer wall of the Land of Origin, it ordered the chaotic creatures to attack. A vast number of chaotic creatures swarmed into the Land of Origin from all directions.
However, Luo Zheng's Land of Origin had expanded to a very large extent. It was an extremely long distance from the disappearing outer wall of the Land of Origin to the center of the Land of Origin, Li Mountain, and the Ultimate Cemetery. It was enough for these chaotic creatures to fly for a while.
After Luo Zheng took control of the Land of Extinction, he did not pay attention to these chaotic creatures who were still rushing, so they were still struggling in the void for Ao Xiang.
If one were to look from the farthest point of the Land of Extinction, a large number of chaotic creatures formed a black sphere that was shrinking towards the center.
At this moment, blue bands of light appeared on the surface of these chaotic creatures. Their bodies suddenly increased by more than ten times, and this black "sphere" shrank countless times faster … Luo Zheng realized that something was wrong. He instantly appeared in the center of the Land of Extinction and sent a message as the controller. "All of you … go back …" The chaotic creatures were born in the Land of Extinction, so of course they were under the control of Luo Zheng, the controller.
A moment ago, they were still excited, jumping and speeding towards their target. Suddenly, they received Luo Zheng's message. The densely packed chaotic creatures were stunned for a moment. As if a basin of cold water had extinguished their fire, they all flew back. The "sphere" formed by the chaotic creatures began to expand outwards.
"Whoosh …" Black flames also appeared in the center of the Land of Extinction. The Degraded One held the irregular heavy sword and ordered, "Kill everything in sight. This is the mission I have given you!"
Hearing this voice, the chaotic creatures roared again and besieged the center. They actually disobeyed Luo Zheng's order! The Degraded One said indifferently, "See, how laughable is the authority you rely on as the controller?"
Luo Zheng's expression darkened slightly. "These chaotic creatures are so weak. So what if you can control them?"
Then, with a thought, Luo Zheng released a thousand doppelgangers.
Previously, Luo Zheng had used a single doppelganger to eliminate hundreds of millions of chaotic creatures. Although these chaotic creatures were large in number, their combat power was really not worth his attention.
But this time, the result was far beyond Luo Zheng's expectations.
One of the doppelgangers charged at the chaotic creatures and began to release invisible blades. Before these invisible blades even got close to the chaotic creatures, their figures became erratic. In the blink of an eye, they had already gotten close to the doppelganger. These gigantic and brutal chaotic creatures instantly tore the doppelganger into pieces.
Since the first doppelganger ended up like this, the other 999 doppelgangers were similar. In just three or four breaths of time, Luo Zheng's doppelgangers were all killed by the chaotic creatures. It was a completely one-sided situation.
"I just made a small change to them. Don't you think it's amazing?"
The Degraded One asked with a smile.

Chapter 3876
Luo Zheng looked at the densely packed chaotic creatures in disbelief.
These ant-like chaotic creatures suddenly became terrifying … "Your changes are targeted at all chaotic creatures?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course," the Degraded One replied, as if it had already expected Luo Zheng to ask such a question. It said casually, "I just gave them Ultra Space Extreme State, giving them more freedom …" Luo Zheng took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and quickly came up with a number. 76,619,334,481 creatures.
This was the number of chaotic creatures.
"You can give tens of billions of chaotic creatures extreme state energy?"
Luo Zheng said in disbelief.
"Why not?"
The Degraded One still replied calmly.
"Impossible! No one can do it! "
Luo Zheng couldn't accept this answer at all.
He waved his hand … 3,000 Luo Zheng clones appeared around him.
After these clones appeared, they immediately used greater teleportation to meet the chaotic creatures.
The result was almost the same as before.
After the clones appeared around the chaotic creatures, they were like sheep sent into a tiger's mouth, instantly disintegrated and divided up.
In ten breaths of time, all 3,000 clones had fallen … The direction in which these clones used greater teleportation was completely random, which meant that the Degraded One wasn't lying, it really did give tens of billions of chaotic creatures extreme state energy! "How did you do it, this is impossible …" Luo Zheng's voice had a bitter taste, no matter how unwilling he was to believe that the other party had done it.
The consumption of extreme state energy in deep space was extremely shocking, the Land of Origin couldn't provide an endless supply.
For example, Evil Deities had all the extreme state energy, but with the Mother World behind him, he usually didn't dare to activate this extreme state energy, because the Mother World's energy was too much for Evil Deities to handle alone.
Luo Zheng had the Origin God's Blood, which was much more abundant than Evil Deities.
The Origin God's Blood's energy was endless, but it could only provide about ten people with extreme state energy at a time.
This was already very powerful! But the Degraded One directly provided extreme state energy to tens of billions of chaotic creatures.
It was countless times more powerful than the Origin God Blood. In comparison, the energy of the Origin God Blood was a joke.
Looking at Luo Zheng's expression, the descendant's compound eyes were still flashing with ridicule. "You think it's impossible because the energy of the Origin God's Blood is enough to make you proud, and even let you laugh proudly until now …" "You think that the 'infinite' of the Origin God's Blood is like a river, where the energy is endless, the length is infinite, but the breadth is limited. This is not the true meaning of infinite …" "The true infinite is like this …" The descendant said as he raised his irregular heavy sword.
Buzz!
Purple energy flashed through the cracks of the irregular heavy sword.
Extreme Destruction … At the same time, the eyes of all the creatures of Chaos turned purple.
Over seventy billion chaotic creatures were infused with extreme destructive energy.
If all these extreme destructive energies were to erupt at the same time, it would be enough to destroy the entire great burial ground several hundred times over! "True infinity is infinitely long, infinitely wide, infinitely small, infinitely big. There are no limits in this word." The Subdued One's voice seemed to have some kind of magic.
Every word was like a heavy punch to Luo Zheng's heart, making Luo Zheng tremble.
"Why can't I?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Why?"
The Subdued One seemed to have heard a joke. "I already said, you are just a tool. You are not the one using the tool. You cannot understand the meaning of infinity itself. This is the limit of your life."
"Just as you said, I am a tool. The Origin God's Blood has its own consciousness, so why can't it?"
Luo Zheng asked again.
With victory at hand, the Subdued One was very patient. He continued to answer. "That is the consciousness that the Origin God's Blood obtained by accident. It is still a tool."
Luo Zheng was silent.
The Origin God's Blood heard this and did not refute.
"I … don't believe it!"
Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly burst into flames.
One after another, rings of light appeared above his head.
The seven extreme energies exploded one after another, madly strengthening Luo Zheng's body.
In order to prepare for this battle, Luo Zheng tried to strengthen himself with the extreme energies day and night. These seven extreme energies were the most effective.
His body suddenly swelled, becoming more than ten feet tall. Pieces of crystal appeared on the surface of his body, making him look like a glass man. A pair of azure wings grew behind his back, and a purple longsword appeared in his hand.
The Subdued One looked at Luo Zheng's transformation, but he still did not show much emotion. He just raised the irregular heavy sword slightly.
"Probability Extreme State!"
Luo Zheng's voice burst out from his body.
A large cloud of probability enveloped him and the Subdued One.
One Luo Zheng turned into a thousand Luo Zheng, and one Subdued One became a thousand Subdued One.
"Boom, boom, boom, boom …" The purple longsword formed by the Destruction Extreme State clashed with the irregular heavy sword, each time erupting with destructive power. In a breath's time, the two had completed tens of thousands of exchanges. The entire cloud of probability was filled with powerful energy. An ordinary Immortal Realm expert would be turned into nothingness in the blink of an eye in such an environment.
"You don't have to be angry …" The Subdued One easily received all of Luo Zheng's attacks. "Cong and I have used more than tens of thousands of tools. You are the most excellent tool."
"You are the tool! Die! "
Luo Zheng's sword was even more powerful in his anger.
"Boom …" The Destruction Extreme State energy exploded, forming a huge purple flame that enveloped the Subdued One.
When the purple flame dissipated, the Subdued One walked out unscathed. "I was praising you …" Before he could finish, Luo Zheng attacked again.
The purple flame once again engulfed the Subdued One … Because of the cloud of probability, the people on the jade platform couldn't see the battle between Luo Zheng and the Subdued One, but they saw the chaotic creatures rapidly approaching.
"These chaotic creatures are unbelievably fast. It's very strange …" Ku Shu was the first to notice that something was wrong.
"They … seem to be much stronger than before?"
Wen Dishi said.
"Luo Zheng, why is that?"
Nuwa stared at Luo Zheng's doppelganger on the jade platform and asked.
Luo Zheng's doppelganger certainly knew the reason. He was hesitant to tell everyone the cruel truth. After thinking for a while, he said, "All the chaotic creatures have been given Super Space Extreme State energy by the Subdued One."
"All the chaotic creatures?"
Wen Dishi's eyes widened.
"You're saying that every creature of Chaos has Ultra Space Polarity Energy?
Are you crazy? "
Wen Dishi stared at Luo Zheng with a suspicious look.
"There are more than 70 billion chaotic creatures in total. Each of them has been given Super Space Extreme State. At the same time, their bodies have been infused with Destruction Extreme State energy …" Luo Zheng's doppelganger said in a hoarse voice.
"You, you must be lying …" Fuxi's voice trembled.

Chapter 3877
No one present dared to look down on the degraded one. This culprit must be extremely powerful. Otherwise, how could he reduce the world one by one?
But there should be a limit to how powerful he was.
The power he displayed immediately exceeded everyone's range of recognition. Something seemed to explode in their hearts. Despair filled every corner of their bodies.
"It's not a lie. He has truly unlimited energy," Luo Zheng's clone tried his best to remain calm as he spoke.
"Truly unlimited … …" The first to understand this was Nuwa. She laughed self-deprecatingly, "If that's the case, we will lose the reason to struggle … …" According to the true definition of "unlimited", not to mention strengthening 70 billion chaotic creatures, even 700 billion, 7 trillion, or 70 trillion would be fine. All numbers paled in front of "unlimited".
"It was once said that the power of us six ancient gods is the truth. That's bullshit. This degraded one's unlimited energy is the absolute truth. It's eternal and unchanging. This is a general principle that isn't restricted by anything … …" Ji suddenly sighed.
Their hope was extinguished so quickly. No one would be able to take it.
The souls floating on the human race's civilization weapon were also dejected. Their sacrifice had resulted in this situation. One could imagine how they felt.
"Aren't you going to risk it?"
Luo Nian's voice suddenly sounded.
His voice was very loud. His thick voice seemed to spread through half of Mount Li, causing the eardrums of everyone on the Jade Stage to buzz.
"Yes, despair is the most meaningless emotion. Even if we die, we shouldn't die so miserably," Ku Shu raised his head and said proudly.
"My dream has been completed. Even if I die … … I have no regrets," Yu Zhi followed.
"… …" The atmosphere on the jade platform surged.
A large blue ring of light appeared in Luo Zheng's clone's hand. This blue ring of light nurtured the energy of the extreme space state.
Hua Tianming felt this mysterious space power and asked curiously, "Luo Zheng, why is this?"
"You are indeed stronger than the chaotic creatures, but they have the extreme space state. Apart from Nian 'er, I'm afraid no one here can touch them. I'll help you reduce their advantage … …" Luo Zheng's clone said.
Luo Zheng's clones were stronger than everyone present, but they were still instantly slaughtered by the chaotic creatures. The reason was that the chaotic creatures were almost impossible to capture due to the extreme space state.
The only way to fight back was to gradually reduce this disadvantage. Luo Zheng's doppelgangers could create a large area, so that everyone would have a chance to fight back when facing the chaotic creatures.
But Luo Zheng was clear in his heart.
That was more than seventy billion chaotic beings with extreme states of space and destruction. Their form of resistance was greater than their significance.
"Hum …" One of Luo Zheng's clones appeared within a palace at the peak of Mount Li.
Luo Yan was sitting in the attic on the left side of the palace. Just now, Luo Nian's loud voice had made her ears buzz. She was hesitating whether or not to go up the jade platform. After all, Goddess Nuwa hadn't summoned her.
....
Luo Yan shouted when she saw Luo Zheng's clone appear.
.........
. "Luo Zheng's clone..
.........
. Luo Yan nodded, not asking any questions...
. Immortal estate.
Luo Zheng's clone appeared in Ning Yudie's room.
Ning Yudie turned to look at him.
Ning Yudie was no longer able to tell if Luo Zheng was the original body or a clone.
She revealed a gentle smile. "You don't have much time left?"
"Mm." Luo Zheng nodded. "I'm sorry … …" Just as he was about to apologize, Ning Yudie pressed a finger against his lips. "You haven't wronged anyone … …" Luo Zheng grabbed her slender wrist, then pulled her into his arms.
Within another courtyard in the Immortal estate.
Xi Youqin was placing one book after another in front of Luo Yunxin. The young Luo Yunxin was extraordinarily intelligent, and could already read and recognize books. The Immortal estate's library had a vast number of books, and over the past few days, she had borrowed several hundred from the Immortal of Books.
Luo Zheng's clone quietly condensed behind her, silently watching the mother and child.
Xi Youqin was completely oblivious, and arranged the books according to the order of the historical books.
But Luo Yunxin inadvertently looked back and called out, "Father." Xi Youqin's body instantly shivered, and when she turned around, her eyes were already red.
She was not as foolish as Ning Yudie. After hearing Luo Zheng's declaration to Li Shan, to the cemetery of the Ultimate Ruins, and to the divine realm, she naturally understood the current situation.
But she was not as calm as Ning Yudie. She was very afraid of death, and even more afraid of her own daughter's death.
"Wuwuwu … …" She cried as she walked towards Luo Zheng's clone, and pressed her head against Luo Zheng's chest. "Yunxin has not grown up, she is innocent. She has not experienced the warmth and coldness of this world. Husband, can you let her live?"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng felt like a knife was being twisted in his heart, but he still shook his head. "I can't."
"What about sending her to the Chaotic World?"
Xi Youqin asked again.
"She will not be able to escape this calamity in the Chaotic World." Luo Zheng shook his head.
"What about the Xuanliang World?
Yunxin can live there, right?
Send her to the Xuanliang World. "Xi Youqin still did not give up.
She had heard bits and pieces about that magical world, and knew that Luo Yunxin had this talent, but she did not know what the Xuanliang World's position was. Now, as long as her daughter could live, she could accept it.
"She will not be able to escape this calamity either … …" Luo Zheng still shook his head.
Luo Yunxin's black eyes looked at her father, and she appeared very obedient.
Although she could already read books, she had not lived in this world for long. She knew about life and death, but did not know what it meant. She looked carefree.
"Why is it like this, why … …" Xi Youqin screamed unwillingly.
In the courtyard belonging to Su Lingyun, Luo Zheng's clone also condensed … … At the last moment, Luo Zheng was not the only one bidding farewell.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the other Immortal Realm experts were also doing the same. Some were bidding farewell to their loved ones, while others were bidding farewell to the people in their inner worlds. They were about to die, and their inner worlds were about to be destroyed. They should be told the truth about the destruction.
… … In the clouds of probability.
Luo Zheng's main body instantly split into thousands of clones, and each clone slashed out more than ten times. Tens of thousands of swords slashed at the Downtrodden.
At this moment, the Downtrodden did not even bother to create clones to dodge.
He just floated in the air, and took tens of thousands of slashes from the Extreme Destruction Sword.
"Boom boom boom boom … …" The purple sword light drew tens of thousands of paths in the air, crazily tearing at the Downtrodden.
In fact, the Extreme Destruction Sword's power was enough to tear the Downtrodden to shreds. Tens of thousands of Extreme Destruction Sword attacks could even tear him into nothingness.
But after this round of attacks, he was not injured at all, as if he had an indestructible body.
The Downtrodden's body was emitting a rich aura of life. He had activated the Extreme Life Mode.
Of course, a single Extreme Life Mode could not withstand the attacks of the Extreme Destruction Sword. But at the same time, there were tens of thousands, hundreds of millions, hundreds of millions of lives, and even infinite Extreme Life Mode energy superimposed on his body.
Under these circumstances, any damage caused to the Downtrodden would be healed at an undetectable speed. Thus, this miraculous scene was revealed.

Chapter 3878
"Again!"
Luo Zheng roared, and thousands of figures spread out again.
Thousands of Luo Zheng formed a circle, overlapping each other, and crazily slashed at the Downgraded One.
Ten thousand slashes …
Thirty thousand slashes …
One hundred thousand slashes!
Luo Zheng's all-out attack was met with mockery and mockery from the Downgraded One.
"Actually, I overestimated you. After all, you're not a creature born in the fifth grid like the Dan or Yang race. Your use of extreme state energy is lacking," the Downgraded One commented nonchalantly.
After he finished speaking, he suddenly raised his hand, and an orange light bloomed from the irregular heavy sword.
Whoosh …
Then, an orange halo spread out from the irregular heavy sword.
The thousands of Luo Zheng surrounding the Downgraded One turned into flickering shadows after being touched by the orange halo, and disappeared without a trace. Only the real Luo Zheng remained.
"You may not be convinced by my words, but even if I don't use unlimited energy, I can still easily kill you …"
Hum!
Different colored lights flashed from the cracks of the irregular heavy sword, and in an instant, the Downgraded One switched to dozens of extreme state energies.
The moment Luo Zheng saw the irregular heavy sword flash, he, who was originally concentrating, became absent-minded.
"Extreme state of mind!"
Luo Zheng reacted.
However, the Downgraded One didn't intend to use extreme state of mind to create an illusion to control Luo Zheng. He only wanted to affect Luo Zheng a little. Taking advantage of this opportunity, he closed the distance between him and Luo Zheng. He dragged the irregular heavy sword downwards in an arc, and then suddenly pulled it up, drawing a huge sword light!
Clang!
Luo Zheng didn't even think and slashed with his purple sword, hitting the irregular heavy sword.
The irregular heavy sword was blocked …
However, an invisible force directly passed through Luo Zheng, splitting the probability cloud in half, and forced Luo Zheng out of extreme state!
"What!"
Luo Zheng was shocked. He gently squeezed one hand in the distance, and used extreme state to open up the distance between him and the Downgraded One.
But the Degraded One didn't give Luo Zheng such a chance. His speed was even faster!
Before Luo Zheng could leave, the irregular heavy sword cut through the distorted space, drawing an arc in the air and chopping down toward Luo Zheng's head.
"Ka, ka ka …"
The irregular heavy sword hacked down along Luo Zheng's head, unexpectedly producing a sound like rotten wood.
Luo Zheng's entire body began to distort, turning into a strange kind of wood. This wood rapidly grew and actually firmly entangled the Subjugated. At this moment, the Subjugated was powerless to break free. The light in his six pairs of compound eyes immediately dissipated, and the extreme state energy that was originally flickering in the cracks of the irregular heavy sword also rapidly disappeared.
"Energy Devouring … Ghost Wood …"
Most of the Downtrodden's mouth was covered by wrinkled tree branches, and it was difficult for him to speak.
The Energy Devouring Ghost Tree was the product of the combination of Life Extreme State and Magic Forbidden Extreme State. It was once popular in the deep space, and the Dan Race even created a Ghost Tree Forest to stop the Yang Race's attack.
The Subjugated didn't expect Luo Zheng to be so creative. He was accidentally controlled, and the extreme state energy in his body was completely absorbed.
"I don't know what kind of wood this is. I only know that it can trap you and kill you!"
Luo Zheng's eyes showed different colors.
The two extreme states of energy were madly accumulating.
The purple extreme state was the Destruction Extreme State …
The white extreme state was the Multiple Transformation Extreme State …
The Destruction Extreme State turned into a huge long arrow, dragging a raging purple flame.
The Multiple Transformation Extreme State formed white halos of various sizes, stretching from Luo Zheng all the way to the Subjugated.
The Destruction Extreme State was the most destructive of the 140 types of extreme state energy, and the Multiple Transformation Extreme State could increase its power by several times.
This long arrow shot out, passing through the halos of various sizes, and blasted into the Subjugated's body.
"Whoosh …"
It was as if a huge firework bloomed in the sky.
The purple flame stretched out a distance of tens of thousands of miles.
Any target that was hit would undoubtedly die, but there was no joy on Luo Zheng's face.
Just now, the Subjugated had only suppressed his energy from "Infinite" to "Limited", so that he had a chance.
But he didn't think that he would be able to kill the Subjugated just like that. His trump card would at most save some dignity for himself.
"Clap clap clap …"
Crisp applause came from behind him.
As expected, the Subjugated appeared again.
"You only brought the Skyring Staff back not long ago, and you were able to figure out these methods. I underestimated you …"
"Unfortunately, you still don't have any chance …"
"Die."
The Subjugated reached out his hand and swiped at Luo Zheng.
His energy was once again close to infinite.
Infinite meant absolute power, invincible, and no one could stop it.
But Luo Zheng suddenly disappeared.
After all, he was still the master of the Land of Extinction. He didn't need the Ultra Space Extreme State, didn't need greater teleportation, and didn't need to construct a spatial tunnel to appear anywhere. Just now, he used the Ultra Space Extreme State to trick the Subjugated.
Seeing Luo Zheng disappear without warning, the Subjugated said indifferently, "Playing hide and seek is futile. This world is too small, you have nowhere to run. Probability Extreme State …"
"Boom!"
The black cloud spread infinitely.
The Subjugated directly created a probability cloud that filled the entire Land of Extinction. This was made up of infinite probability clouds.
After Luo Zheng fell into the probability cloud, he reacted very quickly. He turned into thousands of Luo Zheng and scattered. It wasn't easy for the Subjugated to find the real body.
But in the next moment, Luo Zheng despaired.
If one probability cloud could produce thousands of "real bodies", then an infinite number of probability clouds would naturally produce an infinite number of "real bodies". In Luo Zheng's eyes, there were an infinite number of Subjugated filling every corner of the Land of Extinction!
The thousands of Luo Zheng had nowhere to run. They were quickly killed by the Subjugated.
"This is where you were born. Even if you die, you can safely revive. But how many times can you revive?"
The Subjugated asked.
He didn't take back the probability cloud and his clones. He just quietly waited for Luo Zheng to revive.
…
Countless fragments of various sizes scattered from the collapsing Mother World …
There was a body of flesh and blood embedded in the cracks of a rock that was three hundred li in diameter.
It was a gigantic hyena.
When the Mother World was destroyed by the Needle of Finality, it was hunting prey. An unimaginable force came down from above and separated its head from its body.
Its head was separated from its body. It was a very simple way to die.
Compared to the creatures in the Mother World that were directly sacrificed, let alone corpses, they didn't even have a physical body left. This Hyena was already very lucky.
Even more lucky was that the Hyena didn't die.
Even though its head was separated from its body and it could see the clean cut on its neck, it still had consciousness. It could even order its body to break free from the cracks of the rock.
Two hours later, it was still alive …
Four hours later, it was the same …
Ten hours later, the Hyena felt a bit hungry.
It controlled its headless body to grab the dead deer not far away and stuffed it into its mouth.
Even though the Hyena wasn't very intelligent, it still felt that this was the strangest way to eat.
The flesh it chewed on eventually fell into its stomach, producing a pleasant feeling of fullness. This was what confused it the most. It felt like its head and body were connected in an incomprehensible way.

Chapter 3879
This strange phenomenon happened in every corner of the mother world.
A region in the Center God Province was almost crushed to pieces. Many Gods were crushed to a pulp, and even some lucky ones had their bodies broken.
However, the people with broken arms and legs didn't feel any pain. Like the hyena, they could control their severed limbs.
The most ridiculous one was an old man of the human race. His lower body had been shattered, but in his perception, his legs were still intact. If he tried to control his legs to walk, he would see the flesh and bones moving constantly!
"We … must have been cursed!"
"Why can't we die?"
"…"
All the remaining living beings in the Mother World were confused.
They could still find answers to some of the mysteries in the past in the Paramita Realm, but this was unprecedented.
After being attacked by the needle, the large region where the Evil Deities were located was shattered. The black palace was destroyed as well.
The huge 'needle' came from the top of the mother world. Its huge volume covered the entire region, and the entire region was destroyed very evenly.
However, the Saint Soul and Immortal Realm experts in the black palace didn't suffer too many casualties. They climbed out of the ruins one after another.
Only one Saint Soul Realm expert had died, and three Saint Soul Realm experts were injured.
"The mother world is destroyed, but we're still alive … Did we survive the Apocalypse?"
A Saint Soul expert asked.
The Immortal Realm expert beside him sneered. "You're dreaming. Every time the Apocalypse descended, it wasn't that needle that killed people. That needle only destroyed the mother world. We're actually in the Chaos now, and we're no longer protected by the mother world. When the Final Thunder booms again, it'll take your life …"
The shattered mother world no longer had the ability to protect them.
"Look, I've noticed something strange," a Saint Soul said with a surprised look on his face.
This was one of the three injured Saint Souls. One of his arms was broken off and fell hundreds of feet away.
"What scene?"
An Immortal Realm expert asked.
The injured Saint Soul expert pointed at a severed arm and said, "My arm doesn't seem to be broken …"
"What nonsense are you talking about?"
"It's not broken. If you don't believe me, take a look …" The injured Holy Soul bent his arm and made all kinds of nimble movements with his fingers. It really did look like an intact arm.
The problem was that the arm had indeed been separated from the body of a Saint Soul expert.
"What a boring trick. Playing such a boring joke at a time like this? Do you want to die?"
The Sempiternal expert coldly stated.
With their cultivation and strength, it was too easy for them to control a severed arm.
The injured Saint Soul immediately cried out, "I'm not joking. It's true … This, this … I really don't seem to be injured. I'm still one with this severed arm!"
For a moment, it did not know how to explain.
At this moment, the other Sempiternal realm expert said, "I also felt it earlier. There seems to be some strange changes happening to this world …"
"What changes?"
"Release your Spiritual Perception and you'll see. Even though those mountains and rivers have crumbled, it seems to be just an illusion. They still seem to be a whole entity, just that they seem to have been shattered," the Sempiternal realm expert said.
The other Sempiternal and Saint Soul realm experts also released their Divine Senses.
After they examined him for a while, strange expressions appeared on their faces.
A few Sempiternal realm experts even used greater teleportation to come to the side of the broken rocks and stretched out their hands to touch the fractures.
These rocks, mountains, and trees were clearly in a broken state, but when they used their Divine Senses to examine them, they were still intact …
What their Divine Senses observed was contrary to their vision and touch. It was truly too strange.
High up in the sky …
Han Ge and Tongtian stood side by side.
Both of them were extremely observant. They had already noticed the abnormality in the Mother World long ago.
"Everything in this world has been destroyed, but everything is still intact. It's as if there's a mysterious force holding it together. Lord Han Ge, what do you think?"
Tongtian could not figure it out.
"The problem should lie with the Evil Deities. He should know," Han Ge said.
"The moment the Apocalypse descended, he disappeared without a trace. None of his clones are here. I wonder what he's trying to do …" Tongtian grumbled. He did not wish to see a deserter of the Evil Deities.
In fact, after the Mother World was destroyed, no one could escape, including the Evil Deities themselves.
"I'm thinking of how to restore the Mother World."
The Evil Deities' voice sounded without warning.
As the two looked around, the Evil Deities' true body slowly emerged.
"Restore?
Impossible. "Tongtian shook his head as if he had heard a joke.
"The Mother World has already collapsed to such an extent. You should have lost the power of the Land of Origin," Han Ge reminded.
The Land of Origin could separate a space from the Chaotic World. The Mother World, the Land of Extinction, and Luo Zheng's Land of Origin were all like this. Once it was completely destroyed, the invisible boundary would disappear, and the space within the Land of Origin would merge with the Chaotic World.
Both Han Ge and Tongtian believed that the Evil Deities were no longer the masters of the Mother World. Because the Mother World no longer existed.
"That's what you think." The Evil Deities' true body's lips curled into a handsome arc.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Behind him, blue pillars of light flickered. One by one, the Evil Deities' clones appeared. In the blink of an eye, tens of thousands of Evil Deities' clones stood neatly in the air.
"What!"
Tongtian's eyes widened when he saw the Evil Deities' clones.
Han Ge was surprised. "You, you didn't lose the power of the Mother World?"
"Because the Mother World hasn't collapsed." The Evil Deities' true body smiled faintly.
"It hasn't collapsed?"
Tongtian spread out his hand and pointed at the environment in the distance. The huge crack merged with the background of the Chaotic World, making it look extremely desolate.
"That's what you see." The Evil Deities waved his hand gently. "In reality … it's like this!"
The Evil Deities waved his hand gently.
The broken stones began to move.
The small stones were embedded in their original positions, while the large stones were pieced together. The trees, mountains, and rivers were all restored by an exquisite technique.
The scenery within a hundred miles was quickly restored. There was no longer any trace of ruins.
At a glance, it was as if this place had been completely forgotten.
"This … how did they do it?
It's amazing! "
Tongtian's breathing quickened.
"When the Needle of Doomsday bounced towards the Mother World, I activated the 'Confinement Field'. This' Confinement Field 'can restrain all matter and ensure that it will not be broken or damaged," The Evil Deities replied.
"It's amazing!"
Han Ge finally could not stay calm.
"Not only that, I also discovered a strange ability of the 'Confinement Field'." The Evil Deities pointed to the distance and said, "After being hit by the Needle of Doomsday, many fragments of the Mother World erupted into the Chaotic World. Those substances are still within the range of the 'Confinement Field'."
"What do you mean?"
Tongtian asked.
"This means that the farther the fragments fly out, the larger the range of the Mother World's coverage." The Evil Deities replied.

Chapter 3880
This was a result that surprised even Evil Deities.
The Confinement Field allowed all living beings and matter in the Mother World to maintain their original form, including the Mother World's form.
"So you're saying that the Mother World can expand at will?"
The Prime of Tongtian's voice was trembling.
If that was the case, expanding the Mother World would be an extremely simple matter. All they had to do was bring the fragments out. The further the fragments flew, the larger the Mother World would be.
"Yes," Evil Deities nodded affirmatively.
"Then you …" "I've sent out a clone to try expanding the Mother World, but I don't know if the Confinement Field can expand indefinitely," Evil Deities said.
After the Mother World was shattered, it formed a long and narrow belt of fragments.
At the very front of the belt of fragments floated thousands of huge rocks. All kinds of living beings and Direbeasts gathered on top of the rocks, ranging from small snakes and ants to large Manku beasts.
In the face of such a devastating disaster, these living beings and Direbeasts became very peaceful. They only wanted to survive.
However, even the smartest Direbeasts could not understand what was happening. They could only curl up in their small cones and look at the endless void.
At this moment, one of the Direbeasts suddenly trembled.
This tall and mighty Direbeast kept trembling and its body slowly shrank. Finally, it became a clone of Evil Deities.
He looked around and locked his eyes on a triangular rock that was about ten feet in size. This rock was very suitable for the boundary.
"You're the one!"
Evil Deities flew over and grabbed the bottom of the rock with one hand.
Because Evil Deities's aura was too strong, the living beings gathered on the rock fled in all directions. However, a rock serpent drilled into the rock. This was its cave to begin with.
After grabbing the rock, Evil Deities's fingertips flashed with ultra-space energy. He gently pinched the rock in the distance, and the two spaces were directly connected as one. He and the rock had crossed a great distance.
"Three trillion miles. The Confinement Field doesn't seem to have changed. Can it still withstand it?"
Evil Deities' clone was a little uncertain.
Others could not sense the Confinement Field, but Evil Deities could clearly see it.
At the edge of the mother world's fragment belt, there was a blue belt of light. This belt of light was the end point of the farthest object. Now that the Evil God's clone had brought the triangular rock to a place thirty trillion miles away, the blue belt of light was stretched out thirty trillion miles! Evil Deities' clone had just finished speaking when the belt of light in the distance suddenly stretched out three trillion miles.
Evil Deities' clone was on a mission. Evil Deities's main body had sent eight clones to expand in eight directions.
"Hum …" At this moment, Evil Evil Deities' main body appeared appeared without any warning.
This part of the void was covered by the confinement field and belonged to the territory of the mother world. He didn't need to use any space divine ability to appear anywhere at will.
"The Confinement Field doesn't have any pressure, so it should be able to extend indefinitely. Take this stone and fly to the edge of the Chaotic World," the Evil God's true body ordered.
"Yes." Evil Deities' clone nodded obediently.
Now, the doppelgangers created by the Evil God also had self-awareness. However, when the Evil God's main body created the doppelgangers, he implanted extremely terrifying memories into them, molding the main body into an invincible existence. Only then did these doppelgangers stop.
Although there were still some clones that were secretly causing trouble, it was much better than before when everyone had a rebellious heart. At least the main body would not be in a terrible fix.
"Whoosh …" Evil Deities' clone quickly left with the rock and began the craziest round of horse racing.
The poor rock snake that had drilled into the rock would be sent to an extremely distant place.
In less than half an incense's time, the actual area controlled by the main world had expanded by a hundred times. It was a huge space that no one dared to imagine before. Evil Deities' main body's ambition was to directly expand to the entire Chaotic World. One of the Evil Deities' clones flew diagonally to the east for a distance and found the triangular pyramid floating in the void.
"The Land of Annihilation …" The Evil God's avatar pondered as he flew past.
The Extinction Grounds were the main cause. After the main world was destroyed by The Extinction Needle, the next target would definitely be Luo Zheng's birthplace.
Now, only the Extinction Grounds were left, but Luo Zheng's birthplace was nowhere to be seen.
What happened in between?
Although he was very curious, he did not stop to find out.
He only needed to complete the task given by the main body. Otherwise, he could not bear the blame if the main body blamed him.
When this Evil Deities' clone included the Extinction Grounds, the main body of Evil Deities relied on the power of omniscience to detect it. He then told Tongtian and Han Ge, "The Extinction Grounds have been found."
The two's eyes suddenly lit up. Tongtian asked, "Should we make a move?"
In Tongtian's eyes, the "field" that Evil Deities comprehended was too magical. After he included the Extinction Grounds in the main world, he was bound to take revenge.
"It's not the time yet." Evil Deities shook his head.
"Why?"
Han Ge asked.
"It's the problem of energy." Evil Deities frowned. "I have very limited energy, but they don't have this problem."
Previously, when the three birthplaces attacked each other with the Reciprocal Cave, Evil Deities suffered a great loss.
His energy was seriously insufficient, so he could only keep sacrificing the materials of the main world.
"I'm afraid there's no solution to this problem," Han Ge said. "Luo Zheng has endless energy because of the help of the Origin Divine Blood. You can't find the next Origin Divine Blood, so …" Han Ge was not questioning Evil Deities.
The talent that Evil Deities had shown was beyond his imagination. Even the Four Spirit Gates did not have such a heaven-defying existence. However, some things could not be solved by cleverness, such as the problem of unlimited energy.
Evil Deities smiled faintly and turned to look at the tens of thousands of clones of Evil Deities not far away. "The rules of the field are very clear to me. There are a total of 86 types. As long as I deduce according to the rules of the confining field, I can quickly restore all the fields."
"If you can comprehend all the 'fields,' it will be like adding wings to a tiger. However, you can't even bear the extreme energy. The energy consumed by the 'fields' is even more unimaginable." Tongtian was also worried about the problem of energy.
"You're right." Evil Deities nodded in agreement. "Restoring energy is like sharpening a knife. No matter how sharp the knife is, it's just a tool. If the person using the tool is not good enough, it's useless no matter how sharp the knife is."
At this point, there was a fanatical sharpness in his eyes. One of his hands clenched in the air, and traces of energy spun and jumped in his palm like fairies. "If you want to be the person using the tool, you must understand what the most essential energy is. The 'field' is not the end. Not only have I mastered the law of restoring the 'field,' I have also mastered the law of restoring the essence."

Chapter 3881
Inside the Extinct Burial Grounds.
An unprecedented cloud of probabilities still lingered in every corner.
The silhouettes of the Regressors kept appearing and disappearing …
Tens of billions of them could appear and disappear in an instant. Numbers were meaningless in the face of infinity.
Luo Zheng's thousands of doppelgangers in the cloud of probabilities were killed one by one. His main body quickly dispersed, and every strand of his body was evenly distributed in every corner of the Extinct Burial Grounds.
His consciousness, his Origin Divine Blood, and his extreme state energy still existed.
"Hum …"
At a certain location in the Extinct Burial Grounds, Luo Zheng's originally scattered state suddenly gathered and took form.
But before he could even stabilize himself, an endless number of Fallen Ones appeared around him.
"Die."
These Regressors only sent out a light palm strike.
This palm strike was not very powerful, and could not even kill an Immortal Realm expert.
Ten billion Regressors hit Luo Zheng at the same time, which was equivalent to ten billion palms strike Luo Zheng in an instant, and could instantly turn Luo Zheng into ashes!
In the Land of Origin, Luo Zheng would not truly die. Even if his main body was shattered, it would still be scattered in the Extinct Burial Grounds.
But as soon as Luo Zheng reformed his main body, he would be attacked by the Regressors with unlimited power.
Five times …
Ten times …
Fifty times …
A hundred times …
He could not even completely reform, let alone fight back.
"You are desperate … I can feel it," said the Regressors. "I gave you a chance to submit, but you refused. Now there is no room for regret. The only outcome is to completely disappear from this world."
"Hum …"
At the bottom of a huge mountain, Luo Zheng's body began to reform again.
But as soon as his human form was roughly formed, countless Regressors appeared, and even the mountain and Luo Zheng were smashed into powder.
Luo Zheng was unwilling to give up. He still wanted to find a place to continue reforming.
But at this moment, the Origin Divine Blood's voice suddenly sounded in Luo Zheng's mind. "Stop, Luo Zheng."
"What?" asked Luo Zheng.
"Don't do anything useless," said the Origin Divine Blood.
"Are we not going to do anything?" Luo Zheng's voice was filled with anger.
He had faced countless powerful opponents in the past, but he had never felt so powerless as he did now …
The chaotic creatures were getting closer and closer to Blackfoal Mountain. Everything was about to be destroyed, but he could not even retaliate.
Such an opponent was simply not on the same level.
"I found the memories of 'from'" the Origin Divine Blood said.
"What?!"
Luo Zheng said in surprise.
When he had brought the Skyring Staff back, the Origin Divine Blood had confirmed that the crystal contained its memories. However, it had not been able to open this crystal.
Previously, Luo Zheng's body had fallen into a scattered state after being defeated by the Degeneracy. The same was true for the crystal. Who would have thought that the memories inside would be leaked out!
「 You will inherit my memories 」 the Origin Divine Blood spoke again.
"Why?" Luo Zheng was puzzled.
"I'm just a wisp of intelligence born from the Origin Divine Blood. I'm not a part of 'Obey'. You're more suitable."
Luo Zheng didn't even have time to refuse before he felt a sharp pain in his mind. Endless memories continued to pour into his soul.
Boom … …
After the dull pain of his head exploding, everything returned to calm.
… …
When Luo Zheng regained consciousness, a pure space appeared in front of him.
There was clearly nothing in this space, but it didn't make people feel empty. Instead, it gave people a feeling of bliss.
"Where is this … …" Luo Zheng couldn't help but ask.
"A perfect place," a voice said.
"But there's clearly nothing here … …" Luo Zheng said.
There was no such thing as absolute perfection in the world. Everyone had a different definition of perfection.
However, just as Luo Zheng said this, his voice drew countless ripples in the air.
A light wind began to fill the world. The sky was taken over by a pure blue. Courtyard walls rose from the ground. The ground was tidily paved with limestone. A group of children ran through the corridors, followed by the scolding of adults.
These courtyard walls were somewhat similar to the immortal residence, but more like the former Luo Family.
These children looked very much like Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin when they were young.
Standing in the courtyard, Luo Zheng felt a sense of satisfaction in his heart. His heart was unusually calm.
With Luo Zheng's strength, building a courtyard like this, or even a world, would be a piece of cake. But he could not achieve such an effect.
"This is your perfect place. The empty space you saw just now is my perfect place," the voice said.
"A world that corresponds to all perfection … …" Luo Zheng exclaimed.
"Yes," the voice said in a low voice. "But everything has been destroyed."
Rumble … …
The ridiculously blue sky was covered with dark clouds. The courtyard walls collapsed one by one. The stone road was blown away by the strong wind. The children fell to the ground, covered in blood. Darkness quickly descended … …
Although he knew it was fake, Luo Zheng felt a sense of oppression clutching his heart. He couldn't even suppress his anger and asked, "Why did you destroy this world?"
"Because of his appearance," the voice said.
"Who?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I called him 'Evil'. You are used to calling him … … the Degrader," the voice continued.
"Since this is your perfect place, why was' Evil 'born?" Luo Zheng was somewhat puzzled.
"'Evil' was split from my consciousness. I created him myself," the voice said.
Luo Zheng was even more puzzled. "Then why did you create him?" "At that time, I thought that an imperfect world was perfect, and 'Evil' would inevitably appear. His mission was to break my perfection. That's why you experienced everything. But I didn't expect the situation to reach a point where I couldn't control it … …
"… …"
After the courtyard walls, pavilions, and sky collapsed, a black spot appeared in the perfect place. The black spot began to expand. The perfect place was like a bubble that was blown up and finally burst.
But the perfect place broke into a very specific shape. After it broke, it divided into four pieces and connected with each other to form a square trapezoid.
This should be the Infinite Realm of Regrets, Luo Zheng silently said in his heart.
Luo Zheng recounted his experience in the Levita. Luo Zheng had a general understanding of the twelve grid worlds. And the "perfect place" Luo Zheng was in just now should be the thirteen grid world that Luo Nian had never been to before.
The square trapezoid continued to collapse into cuboid fragments. The fragments connected with each other to form an even bigger square trapezoid.
The Infinite Realm … … collapsed.
The Infinite Realm … …
The Infinite Realm … …
… …
These collapsing scenes appeared a total of nine times. Finally, they stopped in the Starry World, which was a large part of the deep space that had collapsed.
"I realized that 'Evil' would destroy everything, so I tried to hunt it down. But I chased it all the way from the twelve grid worlds to the five grid worlds. I failed completely … …" The voice was filled with self-blame. Destruction was much easier than creation. And once the Degradation started, it was difficult to stop.

Chapter 3882
"I stayed in the Land of Perfection for too long … I thought I could control everything, so I released 'Evil'.
"I nurtured 'Evil' bit by bit, and I felt very gratified as I watched him grow stronger …
"Especially when I regretted the Infinite Realm. When I saw the destruction brought about by 'Evil', I was overjoyed. At that time, I despised the land of perfection, because perfection meant that nothing would change. I liked the regret of the Infinite Realm …"
"Evil brought death, but he also brought creation and new life.
"Unfortunately, he was beyond my control. I failed completely. I was too useless …"
That voice became very negative.
His repeated failures destroyed his self-confidence.
"…"
After hearing this, Luo Zheng was speechless. He didn't expect 'Cong' to be so negative.
"Don't we still have a chance?"
Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"A chance?
"Now that we have the Origin Divine Blood, and you have awakened, you can also use unlimited energy. We can defeat him!"
Luo Zheng said.
"Haha …" He laughed. "I have defeated him many times, but what's the use?
I still can't stop him from being degraded.
"It's better than doing nothing!"
Luo Zheng said.
When he first heard the name 'Cong', Luo Zheng had a lot of guesses about him and had high expectations. He didn't expect 'Cong' to be so negative. Luo Zheng was disappointed and angry.
Cong could directly read Luo Zheng's memories, so he could naturally feel Luo Zheng's emotions, but he didn't care.
The Degrader treated the creatures born in the Land of Perfection as' tools', while Cong treated them as' processes'.
Whether it was humans, the Four Spirits, the Yang Clan, the Dan Clan, or the Shengming Clan …
These were all processes, and the process would eventually lead to the end. All the positive and negative things produced in the process were irrelevant.
"If you are willing to fight, I can help you. You are already proficient in using extreme state energy. The only difference between you and the Degrader is the amount of energy. I can also give you what he has …"
"Really?"
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
"Of course, this is not difficult for me."
"Then …" Luo Zheng took a deep breath and said, "Please give it to me!"
Cong didn't say anything, but directly injected some memories into Luo Zheng's soul.
Luo Zheng silently comprehended these memories. When he fully comprehended these memories, he suddenly realized why there was such a big gap between him and the Downtrodden.
If the energy of the Origin God Blood was viewed as a line on a plane, then there would be an infinite number of points on this line, and that would be an infinite amount of energy …
On the other hand, the Degenerate's Infinity had all the points on the entire plane.
Everything here contained infinity and was far greater than infinity.
Now, He had been bestowed with "all".
"Absolutely limitless …"
"It is all … power …"
He was so excited that even his voice was trembling.
…
"Huff huff huff …"
"Come out."
"You can't hide it forever."
The Degraded One had many ways to kill Luo Zheng, but they all needed to completely destroy the Land of Extinction.
The Degenerate itself needed to use the Land of Origin, he didn't want to create another one. This was also the reason why the Degraded One didn't destroy the Land of Extinction.
After shouting in the empty Land of Extinction for so long, Luo Zheng didn't move at all.
"Huff …"
The Degraded One suddenly looked at the center of the Land of Extinction, where there were still many insignificant creatures.
"The creatures of chaos have already arrived, if you don't come out, the remaining ants in your Land of Origin will be eaten clean …"
More than 70 billion creatures of chaos had shrunk into a sphere with a diameter of tens of millions of miles, surrounding Li Mountain and the Land of Extinction without leaving any gaps.
The Land of Extinction was at the edge of the Land of Extinction, and the creatures of chaos at the front had already arrived.
"Those monsters are coming!"
"Run!"
"Run?
Run where?
Didn't you hear Luo Zheng's words?
We can only fight with them! There's no way out! "
The experts in the Land of Extinction were already prepared for battle.
Previously, they had escaped from the mouth of the "head", and they still had a glimmer of hope in their hearts. Perhaps these creatures of chaos weren't as strong as they looked, and they could barely hold on together!
But when the creatures of chaos rushed into the Land of Extinction, everyone was dumbfounded.
They had ghostly spatial abilities, and their figures flickered, making it difficult to catch them with the naked eye.
"All of you … die!"
Yu Shenfeng roared. He was one of the experts in charge of guarding the Land of Extinction.
He released a huge rhombus-shaped space, and this rhombus-shaped space spun wildly, strangling the creature of chaos at the front.
Yu Shenfeng's Paramita token had spatial attributes, and it was considered outstanding among the many Paramita tokens.
But it was laughable in the face of a chaotic creature enhanced by the Ultra Space state …
"Hum …"
Yu Shenfeng only felt his vision blur, and the huge creature of chaos had already approached him, grabbing him tightly with one hand.
"You're so weak, yet you still want to struggle …"
"Pitiful."
With that, the creature of chaos stuffed Imperial God Blade into its mouth.
Before he was chewed to pieces, Yu Shenfeng's remnant consciousness fell into endless despair, and at the same time, he felt a sense of absurdity.
A single creature of chaos was this powerful?
There were tens of billions of them behind …
What a terrifying world this was …
"Shenfeng!"
Not far away, Jing Wuhuan's eyes were about to pop out of their sockets.
He lightly shook the fishing rod in his hand, and a golden line swept towards the creature of chaos. He wanted to use the fishing line to cut off the creature's head and save Jing Wuhuan.
But just as the golden fishing line flew out, Jing Wuhuan suddenly felt a huge black shadow pass by. His body felt light, and he didn't know when, but the lower half of his body had been sliced off. Another creature of chaos was floating beside him, and its sharp nails were covered in a bloody mess of flesh. It was his own lower half.
"You don't know how weak you are …" The creature of chaos put its nails in its mouth and licked them.
"These … these … are they still small fries …"
Jing Wuhuan stared at the black creature of chaos in disbelief.
He didn't think he could survive.
But with his strength, he could at least kill thousands, or even tens of thousands of them, but he couldn't even deal with one …
"Boom!"
That creature of chaos attacked again.
It was so fast that Jing Wuhuan couldn't react in time, and a huge fist smashed down, turning him into a bloody mist.
The other Paramita realm cultivators originally wanted to muster up the courage to protect the Ultimate Graveyard, but after seeing Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng die, they all fled in panic.
But how could they escape from the creature of chaos?
Without exception, they were all killed.
The attack of the creature of chaos was completely one-sided, and the only one who could resist was Li Shan, and this was all thanks to Luo Zheng.
Previously, he had used the Ultra Space state to create a huge blue halo, and any creature of chaos that passed through the blue halo had its Ultra Space state energy canceled out.

Chapter 3883
The experts gathered on the Jadeite Terrace had already dispersed, each guarding a position.
The chaotic creatures themselves were not strong, but once they obtained the super space extreme state, the creatures of the three-grid world could not resist at all.
However, once they lost the super space extreme state, their strength would drop sharply.
"Buzz …"
A sword light as thin as a hair was constantly wandering.
The sword-light was extremely sharp and erratic. Any chaotic creature that was swept by this sword-light would be sliced in half. What was even more terrifying was that there were over a hundred of these hair-thin sword-lights.
At the end of these hundreds of sword lights, Hua Tianming sat cross-legged with a lone sword erected in front of him.
When he first obtained the lone sword, Hua Tianming still used it as an ordinary sword, still pursuing the ultimate mystery of the sword path.
However, after fusing with the Light of Broken Dawn, Hua Tianming was suddenly enlightened by Ku Shu's guidance.
In this world, there was no such thing as sword path, spear path, or blade path …
When these paths reached the extreme, it was the use of energy. Whoever had more energy and could maximize the potential of energy would be able to stand at the peak.
At this point, there was no need to pursue form and intention, because it had lost its meaning.
In fact, Luo Zheng had already realized this point when he was fusing with the Nirvana Realm tokens in the mother world. Although Hua Tianming had also fused with various powerful Nirvana Realm tokens, he lacked actual combat experience, so this realization came much later.
"The Light of Broken Dawn is indeed sharp enough to be used to clean up a large number of chaotic creatures. It can be said that it can kill as many chaotic creatures as there are. However, this extreme destructive energy is really, really unreasonable …" Hua Tianming's eyes carried a trace of fear.
Every time he killed a chaotic creature, a purple light ball would burst out from the chaotic creature's body.
The extreme destructive energy contained in this purple light ball was too terrifying.
According to Hua Tianming's estimation, even if ten of him burned the Nirvana Realm tokens at the same time to obtain energy, it would still be difficult to compete with one purple light ball.
However, when he killed hundreds and thousands of chaotic creatures, hundreds and thousands of purple light balls would burst out.
What kind of concept was this!
Hua Tianming tried to use the Light of Broken Dawn to cut through the light balls, but the extremely sharp sword light disappeared the moment it entered the purple light balls. The energy of the Nirvana Realm tokens and the purple light balls were not on the same level, so there was no possibility of resisting.
The only thing that made him feel slightly relieved was that the purple light balls were descending at an extremely slow speed. They were like slowly floating death gods, approaching Li Shan bit by bit.
"Whoosh, bang!"
A huge Eight Trigrams exploded in the air, and dozens of chaotic creatures were smashed by Fuxi's palm.
"Pop pop pop pop pop pop …"
After the Nirvana Realm tokens, the chaotic creatures' bodies of the Nirvana Realm tokens were scattered scattered by the Nirvana Realm tokens, they were floating slowly.
Suddenly, Luo, Luo Zheng's Nirvana tokens, Luo Zheng's, Luo!
Tens of thousands of purple balls of light had appeared above him, and an indistinct figure was floating in the air. It was Luo Nian.
Luan's Luo Luo's tokens Lun
"Nirvana"
Luo o Nap Nirvana.
The chaotic creatures within this fan-shaped area were all shattered into dust and turned into purple balls of light.
After killing this group of chaotic creatures, his figure directly slipped through the gaps of the purple light sphere, locked onto a large group of chaotic creatures, and punched out again …
The area Luo Nian was in charge of naturally produced the most purple balls of light due to the extremely efficient method of eliminating the chaotic creatures.
"This can't go on!"
Fuxi shouted.
Ku Shu, Wen Dishi, Nuwa, and the others were trying their best to kill these chaotic creatures. Hearing Fuxi's voice, they slightly slowed down.
Nuwa's eyes flashed. "What is it?"
"Those purple orbs will destroy Mount Li!"
Fuxi said.
"So what?"
Nuwa asked.
"It can't be stopped?"
Fuxi said with a pained expression.
"Stop?"
Nuwa smiled helplessly. She had to admit that Fuxi was sometimes naive. Even at this point, he still couldn't see the situation clearly.
Although everyone present was doing their best to resist, they knew in their hearts what they were fighting against.
More than 70 billion chaotic creatures …
And these chaotic creatures were all infused with extreme destruction energy.
Even if these chaotic creatures did nothing and just stood there to be slaughtered, the extreme energy they produced would still drown them.
This was a struggle that was destined to fail, but Fuxi wanted to win.
"Let me … try." A light voice sounded. Luo Yan slowly floated up.
Everyone's eyes gathered on her.
Luo Yan's energy axis could directly convert energy, but the premise was that the energy was ownerless or was given by someone else …
These purple orbs of light were dropped after the chaotic creatures died. Perhaps it would work!
"Phew …"
After using her energy axis, Luo Yan stared at the purple orbs in the sky.
In her eyes, the destructive energy was like a wild and untamed monster.
She clasped her hands together and closed her eyes, as if she was trying to understand the world and communicate with these ownerless energies.
A few breaths later …
Small bubbles appeared on one of the purple orbs.
"Gurgle, gurgle …"
Then Luo Yan suddenly opened her eyes and shouted, "Stop!"
The originally slowly falling purple orbs actually stopped in the air.
Everyone was stunned at this scene. They didn't expect Luo Yan to actually succeed.
"She did it! She can control extreme energy! "
Fuxi shouted.
"A very unique ability." Ku Shu nodded.
"But she can only control one orb. There are still so many left. What's the use …" Donghuang smiled bitterly.
After Luo Yan controlled this extreme energy, her expression was still calm. She gently crossed her hands. "Separate!"
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
From the originally perfect purple orbs, long snake-like purple flames were drawn out. These purple flames entered the purple orbs in all directions. These purple orbs were quickly controlled by Luo Yan and gradually stopped in the air.
Just like this, one spread to ten, ten spread to a hundred, a hundred spread to a thousand …
In a short time, Luo Yan actually stopped more than twenty thousand purple orbs!
"Beautifully done!"
"The purple orbs are all under control!"
"Can extreme energy be used by Yan 'er?"
Just as everyone was discussing, Luo Yan's eyes became extremely serious, and beads of sweat appeared on her forehead.
She drew out purple flames from more than twenty thousand purple orbs, and this purple flame formed a large net that enveloped the chaotic creatures in the sky. Under this net, thousands of chaotic creatures were killed.
In the probability cloud, the degenerates silently watched this scene.
"Energy axis?
A little new gadget is really endless, but what's the point of such persistence? "
Luo Yan could control tens of thousands of purple orbs, which was already very amazing.
But how many chaotic creatures were there?
70 billion.
There was no way to make up for this magnitude of difference.

Chapter 3884
The Degraded One wasn't in a hurry to attack. As long as he wanted to, he could destroy everything in an instant.
Even the extreme state of destruction that Luo Yan controlled was bestowed by him. These energies weren't ownerless.
The Degraded One liked to watch the process of life being destroyed. He had experienced great destruction many times.
In the end, these creatures were like bees whose hive had been ignited. In order to protect their home, they did their best, but in the end, without exception, they fell into the abyss of despair.
After Luo Yan killed thousands of chaotic creatures, thousands of purple balls of light were produced again.
Her clear eyes were wide open as if she was glaring angrily. The energy shaft above her head spun wildly.
Whoosh whoosh …
Purple snakes entered the purple balls of light. These ownerless energies were once again controlled by Luo Yan.
Twenty thousand purple balls of light were already a great test for Luo Yan. Now that there were more than four thousand, the pressure on her increased exponentially.
"Kill!"
She gritted her teeth and pulled out an even larger net of purple energy from the purple ball of light to envelop the area above.
More chaotic creatures were killed after coming into contact with the energy net. The purple balls of light that burst out from their bodies merged into the energy net and strengthened it.
After a few cycles, the net that Luo Yan weaved grew larger and larger. The number of purple balls that merged into it reached fifty thousand!
"Luo Yan …"
Nuwa looked at Luo Yan's state with worry. But she couldn't persuade Luo Yan to give up.
"Auntie!"
Luo Nian's heart ached.
Luo Yan's hair stood on end. Her eyes were unfocused. Clearly, she had reached her limit.
But she didn't dare to give up just like that. If this net enveloped Li Shan, it would be gone!
"Rise!"
She squeezed out the last bit of potential from the energy shaft and threw the huge net into the sky.
After doing this, she fell into a state of exhaustion and fell from the sky.
Nuwa's figure flashed and she reached out to hold her in her arms.
"I … I tried my best …" Luo Yan looked at Nuwa and said.
"You've done well enough," Nuwa said.
"But I still can't protect Li Shan," Luo Yan said.
Nuwa smiled. "Silly child, who can protect Li Shan?"
Sempiternal realm experts couldn't do it, primal chaos ancient gods couldn't do it, and even human spiritual kings couldn't do it.
It was already amazing that a little Luo Yan could do this.
"Are we really all going to die?"
Luo Yan asked.
She was called up to the Jade Stage by Luo Zheng. Although she was aware of the grim situation, she believed that there was still a chance to win.
"All of them will die, no exceptions," Nuwa said with certainty.
Luo Yan's eyes were filled with despair as he looked up at the huge blue halo in the sky.
More and more creatures of [Chaos] continued to descend.
The 50,000 Chaos creatures she had wiped out earlier were only the vanguard of the vanguard. Just the Chaos creatures at the peak of Mount Li alone numbered ten billion. A mere few tens of thousands were nothing.
"Where's my brother?"
Luo Yan asked again.
"I don't know." Nuwa shook her head.
Luo Zheng had left a doppelganger on the Jade Stage, but it had already been killed. There was no news of his original body.
Judging from the energy possessed by the degraders, Luo Zheng's fate was likely to be sealed.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Hua Tianming, Luo Nian, Ku Shu, and the others were still doing their best to kill the creatures of [Chaos].
No one stopped the purple balls of light. They slowly descended on Mount Li and directly "ate" large holes in the mountain. Even the Jade Stage was eaten without exception.
There were still many cities halfway up Mount Li. Panic was spreading among them.
"Those purple balls of light … are descending!"
"Run!"
"Leave Mount Li!"
They knew that Mount Li was their last shelter. If they left Mount Li, they wouldn't be able to escape death. However, in this moment of crisis, they could only abandon their homes and fly away.
However, these people didn't get far before they were surrounded by the creatures of [Chaos].
These creatures of [Chaos] didn't pass through the blue halo. Their Ultra Space state wasn't weakened. This group of erratic monsters directly devoured these people and directly rushed into the cities to massacre.
The creatures of [Chaos] descending from the top of the mountain first numbered in the hundreds of thousands, then in the millions, then in the tens of millions …
Luo Nian and the others shuttled through the gaps of the purple balls of light, using the narrow space to launch a counterattack.
"Ahhh!"
A miserable scream rang out.
Donghuang came into contact with the purple balls of light while shuttling through and was directly devoured by the extreme state of [Destruction]. His Immortal realm body was as fragile as paper in front of the purple balls of light and completely melted away.
More people didn't even have time to scream before they were melted into a puff of green smoke and disappeared. For example, Elder Ying, Rat King Sheng Tian, and the others.
"Eighty percent of my strength!"
Luo Nian found a spot in the gaps between three purple balls of light and threw a punch upward. A terrifying wave of power surged upward. Those creatures of [Chaos] stood densely together. This punch would probably produce hundreds of thousands of purple balls of light.
"Hiss …"
Just as he threw this punch, he felt a sharp pain.
One of his hands accidentally got caught in one of the purple balls of light. By the time he pulled it out, his flesh and blood had already melted away, leaving only white bones.
This was also because Luo Nian's body was terrifyingly strong. If it were anyone else, they would have died.
The number of purple balls of light increased, leaving less and less space for them to dodge.
In the end, Luo Nian, Nuwa, Luo Yan, Fuxi, Hua Tianming, and Wen Dizhi all moved to the same place. They were surrounded by a sea of purple balls of light.
"Where's the Human Spirit King?"
Nuwa asked.
"The Treacherous Body was devoured. He should be able to revive in the other shore," Wen Dizhi replied.
"Let's use greater teleportation to jump out …" Fuxi said.
"It's useless." Hua Tianming shook his head.
Those creatures of [Chaos] with Ultra Space state also surrounded them. They would die faster if they jumped out.
This space was rapidly shrinking, squeezing their space.
Ten feet …
Fifty feet …
Thirty feet …
Ten feet …
They squeezed together, trying to compress the space. However, this was a little troublesome for Luo Nian, who was more than ten feet tall. Even if he curled his hands and feet together, he was still taller than the average person.
"How exciting. I never thought I would die like this," Fuxi said as he looked at those surging balls of light.
"This way of dying won't be too painful," Nuwa said.
"Then let's have a quick death." Fuxi said as he was about to jump into the purple balls of light.
However, just as he was about to jump in, a thin layer of light enveloped his body. This extremely tough layer of light actually dragged him back, firmly binding him to the others.
At the same time, the purple balls of light squeezed toward the light layer. However, the light layer was not afraid at all. It was completely unaffected by the extreme destructive energy.
"This is …" Nuwa's eyes lit up slightly.
It wasn't hard to guess who the person who could protect them at this time was.

Chapter 3885
Luo Zheng raised his head to look at the Downtrodden. His posture hadn't changed since he appeared.
An existence that transcended infinite energy had no moves, no movements, no momentum, none of these were necessary.
Like the Downtrodden, throwing punches and slashing palms were all superfluous, just out of habit.
"Evil, can you stop?"
Luo Zheng asked.
This was the first time someone had called the Downtrodden by its name.
"Hum …" The six pairs of compound eyes released a crimson light. The restrained light shot out in a straight line, striking the surface of Immortal Mansion's barrier, causing faint ripples to continuously appear on the barrier.
The Downtrodden didn't want to attack, it was just a reaction to his anger.
"Shut up! Lowly human, let 'Evil' come out, let it come out and talk to me! "
The Downtrodden yelled.
Everyone in Immortal Mansion had a strange expression.
Luo Zheng had only called the Downtrodden "Evil", and the Downtrodden had become extremely angry. Why was this?
"Evil got tired of it, and gave all its power to me," Luo Zheng said.
"Give it to you! Why! "
Hearing this, the Downtrodden seemed even angrier.
Suddenly, a crack appeared on its head, forming a large mouth with crisscrossing canine teeth.
Behind its back, huge wings grew, making it look like a demon from hell.
"Boom!"
Almost in the blink of an eye, it slammed into Immortal Mansion's barrier.
The indestructible barrier was forcibly distorted by the Downtrodden. Although it didn't break, it caved in all the way.
The Downtrodden pressed down against this thin barrier, only a few feet away from Luo Zheng.
"Why did you give all your power to this lowly creature!"
The Downtrodden roared at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's gaze was strangely calm.
He saw the characteristics of Evil Deities in the Downtrodden.
Powerful, cunning, neurotic, and hysterical.
The Fallen One continued to roar, "I'm only fulfilling your long-cherished wish. I'm only a few steps away. A few steps, and I'll show you the most beautiful world. Take back your power, take back your power from this lowly creature's body!"
Of course, 'Evil' could hear the Downtrodden's words, and it could also see the Downtrodden. However, 'Evil' didn't say a word, only silently watching the Downtrodden. 'Evil' felt very strange.
'Evil' was just lending its power to Luo Zheng, why did it become so irritable? '
The Downtrodden roared for a long time before it stopped, its body was slowly pushed into the air by the barrier...
Luo Zheng maintained his motionless posture. His body slowly floated up, and he came out of the barrier and stood in front of the Subjugated. "I control your power, so I'm your greatest enemy … You're not worthy!"
"Hh …" The Downtrodden, the Downtrodden, the Downtrodden's palm.
"'s....
. '...'... '. The first palm print appeared on Luo Zheng's chest, then it was covered by the second palm print, then the third, the fourth, and the fifth.
In a breath's time, tens of billions of palm prints hit Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng's body was like an inkpad, being turned over and over by these palm prints for tens of billions of times, and all of this happened in just a breath's time.
After the attack, Luo Zheng's nose, eyes, mouth, and everything else disappeared. His bones and flesh had completely fused together, looking like a lump of meat that had been kneaded tens of billions of times.
... But soon, this lump of meat regrown pitch-black hair, eyes, mouth, nose, and eyebrows. Luo Zheng returned to his original state as if nothing had happened.
The people in the Immortal Mansion all stared at this scene with their mouths wide open.
They couldn't see the Downtrodden's attack at all, but the changes that happened to Luo Zheng's body due to the tens of billions of palm prints were real. In their eyes, Luo Zheng seemed to have been kneaded countless times in an instant by an invisible hand, and this lump of flesh and blood was wildly fluctuating like a rolling water mass.
"What kind of attack did Luo Zheng suffer? Why is it so … so …" Even the smartest Nuwa couldn't find the right words to describe it.
"He should have been attacked many times by the Downtrodden's instantaneous attack, maybe millions or tens of millions of times," said Wen Dizhi. Previously, Luo Zheng had mentioned an extremely probabilistic attack method, and Wen Dizhi was now making a bold assumption.
This assumption was already very exaggerated. What Wen Dizhi didn't expect was that the Downtrodden's attack frequency could still increase even after tens of billions of times.
"My turn?"
Luo Zheng asked.
Now, Luo Zheng also had "all" energy, which was absolutely infinite. As long as he wanted, he could release as much energy as he wanted.
"Mirror!"
A round silver mirror of light appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
"Ten billion," Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
He felt the Origin Divine Blood's energy madly pouring out.
If the Origin Divine Blood's energy before was a flowing river, then now it was an ocean pouring out.
"Bzzz bzzz bzzz …" One silver mirror after another appeared in the sky, and the number quickly reached ten billion.
The entire sky was lit up by the silver mirrors.
The chaotic creatures that were still attacking all raised their heads.
They saw many stars in the sky, flickering with silver light.
The silver mirrors looked messy, but in fact, each mirror was arranged according to a certain pattern.
"Combine," Luo Zheng spat out another word.
"Bzzz bzzz bzzz …" The silver mirrors began to shoot out beams of energy. These beams of energy constantly refracted with each other and gathered together in an ingenious structure.
"Destroy!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with murderous intent.
"Whoosh —" The silver beams of energy gathered at one point and rushed towards the Downtrodden.
This was a killer move that Luo Zheng had obtained from the memories of "Obtain". This killer move did not have a name, only three steps, namely "Mirror", "Combine", and "Destroy". This was an attack constructed from three different types of extreme energy.
The surging energy beam streaked across the sky, easily passing through the absolute burial ground from the center. In just a dozen or so breaths of time, the energy beam had crossed the chaotic world and reached the edge.
"Boom …" Under the crazy impact of the energy beam, a large hole leading to the Mysterious Numbers World was blasted open! At this time, the Evil Deities' clone was carrying the triangular rock and was running around on horseback. When he suddenly saw the extremely fast energy beam pass by from afar, he was startled. His eyes widened as great fear appeared in his heart.
"Where did this attack come from …" Before he could finish speaking, there was a fluctuation behind him, and the main body of the Evil Deities appeared.
Wherever the clone carried the triangular rock to, that place would be the territory of the mother world. The main body of the Evil Deities could disappear and appear at will within this range.
The main body of the Evil Deities also sensed an immeasurable amount of energy shooting out from the absolute burial ground. He teleported out to investigate.
After seeing such a large hole in the chaotic world, his expression gradually became gloomy.
The strength of this energy beam far exceeded the expectations of the main body of the Evil Deities.

Chapter 3886
Evil Deities was well aware of the gap between himself and Luo Zheng, as well as the Fallen One.
When using the energy of the Mother World, he could last three to five rounds against Luo Zheng and the Fallen One.
If there was no winner, he could only sacrifice the Mother World's matter to replenish his energy. At this time, the gap was limited against infinite. Evil Deities would be exhausted to death by Luo Zheng and the Fallen One sooner or later.
However, in terms of the intensity of the energy released in one round, Evil Deities did not lose to the Fallen One and Luo Zheng.
On one hand, Evil Deities was trying to explore the source of energy. On the other hand, he was using the "Field" to infinitely expand the Mother World. He wanted to encompass the entire Chaos World, so everything in the Chaos World would belong to him.
But when he saw the sudden burst of energy, Evil Deities was stunned.
What kind of existence could release such a terrifying energy?
The energy flow occurred within the Mother World. Evil Deities estimated it using the Omniscient Energy.
The answer he got was like a heavy hammer hitting his chest.
The amount of this energy flow was about 60,000 Mother World's matter.
In other words, even if he sacrificed the entire Mother World, the power released was equivalent to 1/6000th of the energy flow.
He felt his throat dry and his mouth bitter. The so-called arrogance was like a joke.
"Do you want to continue?"
The doppelganger looked at the expression of the main body and asked cautiously.
"Continue," the main body of Evil Deities replied, and then he disappeared.
A huge square platform floated above the Mother World's debris belt. Tens of thousands of Evil Deities' doppelganger gathered on it.
Around the platform floated light red energy ribbons. These energy ribbons formed a huge fence, sealing the open platform into a huge prison.
Any doppelganger that tried to escape from the platform would be instantly killed. Moreover, the space on the platform was locked, so the doppelganger could not use greater teleportation.
At this moment, a fierce debate was taking place in this huge prison.
"Energy and matter are two sides of the same coin, this is the iron law!"
"Without enough matter, there won't be enough energy …"
"All of you are talking nonsense. The conversion between matter and energy is just the surface. It only looks like this in the low-level world. In the high-level world, there must be a shortcut to obtain energy. Luo Zheng and the Degenerate have this shortcut!"
"Let's revert upwards as soon as possible. We'll definitely find this shortcut …"
The prison was very noisy.
Every doppelganger of Evil Deities expressed their opinions hysterically. Their ideas collided with each other and sparkled with sparks of wisdom.
Tongtian and Han Ge stood at the entrance of the prison and listened.
Both of them were extremely shocked.
Even a single doppelganger of Evil Deities possessed great wisdom. With so many doppelganger of Evil Deities discussing, they were able to clearly point to the source of energy.
Previously, the two of them had thought that the goal of the Evil Deities was a little uncertain. Now, looking at the situation, it would not take long for the clones to find that shortcut.
Just as the two of them listened carefully, fine grains of sand slowly floated out of the prison.
The sand quietly floated down from one of the doppelganger of Evil Deities. This Evil Deities did not participate in the discussion. He quietly hid in a corner, and his body under his clothes turned into fine grains of sand.
The inconspicuous sand floated down to the entrance of the prison bit by bit, forming a thin layer. This doppelganger's body became smaller and smaller …
"Why is there so much sand on the ground?"
Tongtian unintentionally noticed the sand on the ground and frowned. He and Han Ge were not careless people. If it was ordinary sand that fell on the ground, it would be impossible for them not to notice it.
Just as Han Ge was puzzled, the sand suddenly condensed into Evil Deities.
Tongtian and Han Ge did not know that this was a doppelganger and the original body. Just as they were about to speak, the Evil Deities reached out and waved gently at Han Ge. An invisible cover covered Han Ge, and at the same time, he reached out a hand and grabbed Tongtian's neck.
"I've been coveting your body for a long time. The only way to avoid the original body is to possess you." The doppelganger of Evil Deities laughed.
The doppelganger of Evil Deities also used extreme state energy. Han Ge and the Tongtian were no match for him.
"You …" Tongtian's expression changed. "Your original body is omniscient and omnipotent. Even if you possess my body, my original body will know. He won't let you go!"
"Omniscient?
Omnipotent?
The ability of the three-grid world is nothing. I can easily fool him! "
The doppelganger of Evil Deities snorted. Faint ripples suddenly appeared in his eyes, and at the same time, he began to possess Tongtian. "Extreme state of mind!"
Just as the extreme state energy was activated, the Evil Deities' original body suddenly appeared on top of the doppelganger's head and stomped down.
"Whoosh …"
The body of the Evil Deities' doppelganger collapsed into a pile of sand. The sand seemed to have spirituality, and it flowed in a direction.
"Hmph …"
The Evil Deities' original body snorted coldly, and a flame surrounded the pile of sand.
Wherever the sand went, the flame would burn.
The roars of the Evil Deities' doppelganger could be heard from the flame. When the roars disappeared, the sand was sintered into a piece of smooth and transparent glass.
The Tongtian had just recovered from the shock and said, "These doppelganger of yours are really troublesome …"
The Evil Deities' original body glanced at the prison and shook his head. "I can't help it. I can't put fear into the minds of these doppelganger."
"Why not?"
Han Ge asked.
The Evil Deities' original body pointed at his head. "If they are too afraid, they will lose their imagination and creativity. Those are their most precious things."
Tongtian and Han Ge seemed to understand something when they heard this.
"Hey!"
One of the Evil Deities' doppelganger greeted from the other side of the fence. Then, he put his hands together and pulled gently. A pale red ribbon of light slowly rotated around him. "I found a new 'field'. The living beings in it will fall into chaos …"
There should be 86 types of 'fields'.
The Evil Deities' doppelganger was very efficient. They had found 13 types in a short time. After figuring out the pattern, they would only get faster and faster.
However, the Evil Deities' original body was not happy.
He slowly flew above the prison and looked down at the doppelganger below. "Brothers, you did well. But we don't have enough time. I just saw a powerful flow of energy being released from the Land of Extinction."
"How powerful?"
"It's equivalent to sacrificing the energy of 60,000 Mother Worlds," the Evil Deities said.
"Whoosh …"
Tens of thousands of Evil Deities instantly boiled.
The Sect Leader of Tongtian and Han Ge were also stunned. They even suspected that they had misheard.
"They can mobilize energy without limit. I have no chance of winning by relying on 'fields'. I need you to find the source of energy and find the shortcut to control energy at will. So I need more intelligence, more of you …"
After the Evil Deities finished speaking, the fragment belt formed by the Mother World began to tremble. He planned to sacrifice everything.

Chapter 3887
The large plates, which were tens of millions of kilometers wide, and the small stones, which were as small as a fist, all turned into fine powder under the constant shaking.
"What's going on?"
"What's going on … Our bodies are disintegrating!"
There were still a large number of creatures left on the Mother World's fragment belt.
These creatures, who had survived the disaster, still hoped to survive, but their wishes were destined to fail.
At this moment, they saw fragments of their bodies peeling off little by little, turning into powder and drifting into the sky … Some wanted to escape, some wanted to resist, but all of their efforts were in vain.
Evil Deities was a very decisive person.
Previously, he might have been able to fight by relying on the "Field", but now that he realized the gap between them could not be filled, he chose to gamble everything.
About half an hour later, all the materials of the Mother World, along with the tens of thousands of creatures, had been sacrificed. The huge fragment belt had completely disappeared, leaving only this huge prison platform and the black ship floating not far away.
Shen Tu, the old captain, and Xiuzhu all stood on the deck, silently watching the shattered Mother World disappear in front of them.
"Thanks to Evil Deities, my black ship was able to survive until the last moment," the old captain smiled bitterly.
"That's, that's crazy, I like it …" Shen Tu could not help but exclaim.
Xiuzhu glanced at Shen Tu indifferently, her expression as calm as ever. No matter what Evil Deities did, she would unconditionally support them.
"Grow!"
Evil Deities spat softly.
The prison platform rapidly expanded, and at the same time, brand-new clones of Evil Deities "grew" in the prison.
Soon, the number of Evil Deities exceeded 100,000.
Then, it was 500,000 … 1,000,000 … Tongtian looked at the densely packed Evil Deities and felt his scalp tingle. He asked, "How many clones can be created after consuming all the materials of the Mother World?"
Evil Deities thought for a while and said, "About four million."
Each clone was far stronger than an ordinary Immortal Realm cultivator, so the Mother World could only create millions of clones.
"With so many clones, it's a force that can't be ignored," Tongtian said.
Evil Deities sneered, "Four million ants are no match for an elephant. In terms of combat power, they are just a motley crew. I only need their intelligence."
One of the doppelgangers of Evil Deities on the other side of the prison fence turned around and said, "If you only need our wisdom, then this body is meaningless. You only need our heads!"
This doppelganger's words reminded Evil Deities of something. Evil Deities' expression appeared on his face as he said, "That's a good suggestion. Then let's just keep their heads!"
If he only had a head, he wouldn't even need a prison.
The Prime of Tongtian thought that the Evil Deities were just a joke, but he did not expect that the Prime of Tongtian would start the sacrifice again.
Some of the Evil Deities were in agreement. They were more inclined to pursue the most fundamental shortcut of energy. Some of the Evil Deities were very resistant and even cursed wildly. But no matter how these clones reacted, their bodies quickly disintegrated into pure energy.
Only rows of heads were left on the huge platform. At the same time, more heads of Evil Deities were quickly created.
The Prime of Tongtian and Han Ge were both dumbfounded.
They were not beings who followed rules, but seeing Evil Deities' arrangement, they were so shocked that they could not close their mouths.
What was he trying to do?
Evil Deities provided these heads with energy to survive, ensuring that they could think flexibly.
"The number has suddenly increased by 400 times. There are about 1.6 billion heads." Evil Deities finally smiled.
He actually wanted to create more heads, but he needed to reserve some energy for these heads to think. 1.6 billion was basically the limit.
The doppelganger who had just made the suggestion used his remaining head to suggest again, "Actually, the number can still be increased. We only need one brain. It's more efficient to communicate with Divine Sense."
When the Prime of Tongtian and Han Ge heard this suggestion, they were shocked.
No way?
Not only were there rows of heads, but there were also rows of brains?
"That's right! Eyes, ears, mouth, nose, skull, teeth, these can also be sacrificed! "
Evil Deities clapped his hands.
Thus, 1.6 billion heads were sacrificed again.
After the sacrifice, the 1.6 billion doppelganger were only left with the brains that contained the souls. The number also increased to 2 billion.
These brains all had souls stronger than the Holy Soul Realm. They all released their Divine Sense to scan the surroundings. With so many Divine Senses intertwined, a chaotic soul storm was formed in the sky.
"All of you, quiet down!"
After the Cthulhu's main body released a terrifying soul pressure, the two billion brains retracted their consciousness.
Next, Evil Deities divided these brains into several large areas. One part of the brain was responsible for thinking, another part was responsible for collecting and summarizing, and another part was responsible for filtering useful information and so on.
The 2 billion brain units contained a lot of messy information. They had to be organized.
Just as he finished arranging this, he suddenly turned around and looked into the distance. There was a silver flash there.
The Evil God raised his eyebrows fiercely. He reached out and pulled the black ship and the platform in the air, dragging both of them dozens of miles away. Then, a terrifying silver energy stream flew past! The energy stream passed by at a terrifying speed and quickly disappeared into the void. Tongtian and Han Ge were shocked when they saw the energy stream.
"This, this is the energy stream you were talking about … Why does it have such terrifying power?!"
Evil Deities glanced at them coolly. "This is also why I'm burning my boats."
The battle between Luo Zheng and the Downtrodden continued in the burial ground.
In a short time, Luo Zheng released six Mirror Annihilation in a row, blasting six large holes in the burial ground.
Although the Mirror Annihilation was terrifying, it couldn't completely eliminate the Downtrodden.
The Subdued One followed closely behind, releasing a blinding golden sun. The golden halo surrounded the Subdued One from the inside out, expanding to the periphery of the Tomb of Extinction. Blackfoal Mountain, the Celestial domain, and the Sinkhole graveyard were all devoured by the golden sun. Billions of chaotic beings perished.
Apart from the immortal residence Luo Zheng was protecting, the entire burial ground was deathly silent.
When the golden sun's light gradually dimmed, the Downtrodden's figure slowly emerged from it. "The end of every world is a battle with me. It's also the time I enjoy the most. But this time, it's you. How boring …" In the Downtrodden's eyes, Luo Zheng only knew how to use Mirror Annihilation randomly. It couldn't do any real damage to him.
"Ten billion …" Luo Zheng raised his hand slightly, and ten billion silver rings appeared in the sky.
Realm, Annihilation, Merge … Whoosh … The gathered energy stream once again charged at the Downtrodden.
This time, the Downtrodden didn't dodge. He planned to forcibly block the energy stream.
But just as the Downtrodden was resisting the energy stream, Luo Zheng's figure silently disappeared. The next moment, he appeared beside the black light.

Chapter 3888
Charcoal Body Does Not Rise
The Most Bitter … People
。
！ The Vessel Forever Ends, Distant Eyes Open
People, Bright My Dalifa Does Not Speak of the Heart
The Mouth Origin Hair Basic Base Already Born Looks Carefully Is Fixed, Empty Break
The Law Is Burned
The Spirit Has Written "
The East Can God Listens to the Translation General Yi Luo
Can Ling Ten.
Fang
This Life Time is "Clear"
Out of Pride
The Old Spirit Will Tree In
Frequency, There is a Ling Snake
Row of Xue
Not Bird
Four sources of origin, no matter how loud they are,
The Taste of Confusion and He Xue Zhi from the Same Door Body, Allow One King Constant
On Listening
Ten Times Luck is Translation Seed Day, Come
Forever is a Luo Dog Row, God
Comes to the Blood Force
Carries the Spear This Old Thing Now Enters
Forms Quarrels Will Not Be Ten Trees Still God Deep Door
Just look at the translation of "This Continuation Big Machine"
Together with Earth and Stone Also.
But, the Stubbornness
The Whole Trap
Four Blue
The One Is Spirit
Eternal Court
To … To
The World If Comes, Forever Will Not Be Afraid of Seeing
Piece Root Second God Is, Jia … The Strange Knowledge He Is Afraid of Court Number Time God Two
Is Not Making
The Spirit Can Save the Day Snake Needs
No
Sample Excitation After Luo Qu Said Can Must Live
But the Law Produces Opposite
The Tree to this Is a Piece with Deep But Lost Spirit Fear
The Root Starts to Exist
Fight, Eyebrows Can Blood Bitter
Sin Can Be Set
The Fire Since Big Second Piece Shiting Permanent Board, Big.
But the Nature One
Can Even Can Trap the Snake Bad Door Seven Big Out God Meeting Is Not Hanging
Finally Zhi Shen It Retracts the Core Origin
To hasten the beginning of hair production
Blood has
Sun Hair of Wen Shuyi
"Freeze!"
Chronology
Living is all the same
However, this matter is remembered as dust. Not yet, it will always be a sinner's sect without a tree.
However, Ma Su can be small.
Blood Source Fortress
Now
Live, bitter tree.
Big, should be in.
In the sky.
Don't you want to merge with it? "Then, the sign of blood will be activated.
Because of the strange rule of the gods, all the wives and children are blocked
Again and again.
Heavenly Law Chainnero! Make a vow of forgiveness to this Buddha
Oh, my God.
Battering Platoon
Towards those who did not distance themselves from others, there was Wen Yong.
God
In response to this cup of Tai Qianhe Heavenly Deity's recognition of the highest quality, the quantity, this is to occupy. Let the Blood God Original Court's Blazing Eternity dare to allow the Hall Hall's statue to be seated! "
The Blood Tree or Blood Tree is Found
The head of a god is constant.
Only a court of blood guards to watch the door and make a fuss.
Wang Jishen's name was Kuang Jiangxi.
We were shocked.
Door, according to Kuluo Houjin
Sui Kuo
His heart was full of evil.
Teaching Four One Human Body
Want
。
In the past ten years, Luo had thought that he was very much like a king. His heart had suffered, and he was attracted and repulsed.
Promotion Office
The fruit of the vessel was repulsed by 'this, and,
Pieces
Of the heart.
His people were constant. Luo Gan Xing was not written.
Since Yemen's explosion of wood.
Originally, I had decided to find his spirit.
Open, that is.
Yes, this is.
Can Lao Tong be believed.
Over even can.
Also
Changhui's Birth History Book.
Is under the footsteps of the large group of obstructions, the main back of the bitter law.
But … with a twist of the body.
Nu said big.
Break the unique strange world. Suddenly, it is time to collect people.
This is only
Said.
It is forever.
！ Dangerous
。
Man is strong.
Sin has reached.
But Kenyin is used in the exam.
The people who did not recruit mud at once.
The blood of the body of the lips lived in the king. It is easy to recruit the tree.
The control of the department is waiting to see it. It is your
。
, … lead over.
After even.
You have a genus.
The gods who stay in the fruit are not trapped in the strong advance.
Of.
The door is a god. This is, and the record of life in the blood bestowal.
Four
Translation is only a constant companion.
The magic power of the eagle is affected by the long natural residence. There is no middle in the spirit connection for a long time.
Dafaruo's Feng Cheng.
Spread out on the side of the human, the fire between the broken pieces of the original spirit. There is no spirit in the piece.
Inside.
The door four frowns write a door rely on
Can and the sign contain one thing.
To be perfect is like hunting the essence.
Then go to the snake full wind.
Using seventy-four to check the promise of the first blood to make people Dharma Supreme.
The tree is now.
Impermanence is like.
And the snake sees the sharp edge.
Slow quarrel when the spirit blocks.
Honor without loss, this calculation of the spirit row is stone can actually bird.
The origin is a strong inside the stone that person put a piece.
Are rooted in the model without opposition.
God above.
Hand oneself, death trap strong without and ah you old God Ten Lords.
I
Earth and non-earth pair.
Okay.
Change to ask.
… Same.
Can establish the bitter Chang Wen before the solid emotionless.
Outside the constant state.
This record of the door is a knot, the court interprets, the reason is very clear.
Divide.
It.
This defeat embraces.
Difficult ten.
Imitate the blood and life, Wa will.
！ Rely on the moment piece door.
Now scold a record of it Duan Ling. The tree is also looking for Yuan Heng Caiyuan to scold the mud. Want to always remember the worship of the false eyes Wen Hun Tian. Only this woman thinks of it.
Leave example to always attract the key.
A wicked teacher rises from the bottom seven
It is hard not to consider whether the court is finished or not, such a disorderly throw away, although the beginning may be real
The head of a snake was long.
To have aged eyes
My name is Eternity
Stone him.
The spirit of the tribe is one, and the ten absorption of humans are the first to exist. "
They fought and fought.
Create Great Man.
Blood Seal
Let's go.
Suddenly there was movement in the air.
Apart from the fact that it was difficult for the God of Stone to continue to refuse to be conscripted
The source of his suffering
To each his own.
Divine Brahma Divine Level, this loss, find one!
Six people.
Tree
”。
The four heads are the Heavenly Gates.
To trace the origin of the source, know that there is a hunt
She was a very effective queen!
Bitterness can be hurried
Missing number
Lee also Ben
Your God is … the Greater God is …
In the presence of such a strange being, I begin.
It was as if he had hunted enough.
Here's a snake.
The Siddons of Luobang Want Mighty Person Bi Zheng
From the first Fen Tianluo.
Tun Mui
Offering a small sacrifice can break the power that can be tasted forever. Xue Meng's appearance is like a celestial being.
Huai
For sin.
Some of the attributes are stone, regretting that there is nothing below it.
Jie Huo
Gods, say that the spirit of the Origin General Body is building old, not giving birth to the source of literature.
Rise and suck.
Arrive, the spirit also arrives after the blood sheet is released from the source of the sample source.
The source of the method.
Long can be, but beginning to enter the extreme, brick heart asks venerable.
Time phase, come.
Very Gold Fu Long
God breaks through! The source of the difference family, but the stone family, the strength of the eye family, the rule is born far away.
King God
Always has a blade.
The constant problem is also Xue Qing.
The ball of golden hair is again.
。
，
Blood finds the heart of Fan Luo Wei Huo Fu spirit is full, but the four sources do not come out of the wind. Return to Dun and Xue Yichang, the discussion is to obtain the god's bitter test is the fierce tree line is waiting?
Start to allow the explosion of power, he feels.
It is to surround
The nucleus, the square interest becomes the resistance.
Man, his own structure.
Man from this is not a man, not a woman.
Row
, a group of translation will be the monkey carving forever, the bitter return to the stone, the more the change on the release.
It has the original thread to be able to four big but, big things in the top broken blood people, the growth of this sign of death.
”，
Dou Li Chang Ah Si, the regular style creation has a complete solution.
Alone
Slice from
The courtyard is not to grow over the source and not the tree.
Deep Wound
“
Xue Shi, against the fine source, the difference fart stone.
Think.
The door can only train the most under the god.
Break also people explode.
Slow.
Repair to come and go open.
The wisdom of the stubborn monkey, the palm open to come easy, like his golden beginning.
, the rejection method and the sharp eagle shock, the block I generate this section.
Big change to see.
Forever he will be the boundary.
The holy dome goes straight to the east, the creation of the danger is the origin of the chaos, the gate is not open for him, there is a source of strange soldiers.
Point two.
Death.
Not small times, self-judgment and the divine test is not only far from Xue Po.
Already
。
Come.
There is no Gan Shu only the top solution of the division of death break, that is the ability to rebuke when alive.
Do in the place of the ability to hunt the same technique.
Door.
Death points in front of the spirit.
Supreme God has
Created from the bitter stone, for a time.
Big fall asleep.
The shield enters the saint.
See will be all
，
The blade burns him.
The Great Yue in the mouth of the old Fan Fan originally urged the coffin to create the formula, but according to the Xili continued to leave the emotion pure.
Door rebuke.
Big.
Four..
Serve.
More quality spirit is not enough to only use the black wooden hand to send off the dead empty deacon.
Put
Into.
Wu.
。
The puppet Yue Ting snake. Door.
Is it because the soldier is high enough to rise? "
Very, the blood source is forced to be private in the old.
From.
Is it all
Interception of the Black Zheng is bitter.
Again.
。
This time, the anger and, … passed by looking back to the birth.
Ling Ling mud does not release the blood spirit.

Chapter 3889
Wen
Xiaoshun Kong
"Not Kong" Blood Died One
No.
It is Hualuo Shi Sheng's right energy.
Obstructing Bantian Ti
Fang?
Also Guan Shi Wen's blood?
There is a Dangmang like a bag of blood wisps recognizing the seed
In the kuangdao Luo Chong
Qi Guo did not investigate a "Wen"
Silk on the Upper Stone
Yun
Ben
Light Puppet.
Bitter.
Three
Front.
But when the door indicates that
But cut the eyebrow shape Luofu, the carving of the seed
Will him
, Shan Shanghuan
Xinluo Trembling Law Sign
Fang One
Then Fan Xing
，
Fa He has a quick spirit
Monkey Point...
Xue Tian said disaster, imitating Wei Hai people,
, Then Door
Ask this Daojian Cishinin Kai.
。
Bu Gui Yi's Extreme
This is not looking at a clock,
The origin of the first seed
Ben opened his eyes, Xi Dang led as "body," I tried
To talk about the interesting Yuan Jin twisted
，。
Not even a little.
Heaven
Startling Earth Monkey, Leg Technique Instant, Chang Luowei.
For Wen You to Me, Dispelling Feelings, Trembling Suo, Words Sent This
They are Wang Xiu's first blood in the air, asking for directions.
When this is discovered
Fang Qi,
Not Xi
Slow, Monkey
No Hands
Kong Zhengcheng
Far
Zhou... Zun Zhi Xue Can Complete Check
, Blood
Inside the silk to Is
The Law Monkey East in
, Shan
When control is in place, each
Move some of the spirit of the yuan to the yuan, light small law.
Fang "s ancient large piece of land is given
The size of the sect palm seed is right, finally know
When.
Contains.
The words in the West are in a mess, in the Great Campaign
Buddha does not need a simple square shape.
Enter this
Lord.
It is strange to respond
To the source.
Before the law is the creation of Kongdu, "Red Bar Zun Xue This God
There is a glimpse.
Now Zhou is lost, and Xue Tian Yi.
Go Weaving Law Gang
Find No Strange East Material from Luo Shi Men
Fight and Retreat Note Move Bestowal Fight?
It Fix.
How? "
Guan Zuo is like in the control Zheng Luo Xue
Solid All
Hide He stares
Starting Plate, This is his product
, Gen's control source, Wen, He does not
Because the Dark Lord Wan Yan also has tattoos and markings on it.
, Just Zheng Yi is Door Luck Right Movement, and then one by one Zhou
Dao, Dharma body is also a cat,
Come Fa
Luo Yi and One Material is the first female to move to the back Shuang Te a quick sigh sutra, since there is a body rope in building.
…
The head of the system cracked Ran Wen.
The Stone Spirit
But, there is Dan Tian Tian's power, it Luo Guoyuan
Go up
Control Waste Nothing, Fan Zheng Shao Xue Tian Yi
Form Awareness, Control.
Go to control the Law Meridian.
On the taste of the method to rebel against the ancient, Luo Xiao Zhong Li in the secret of the control spirit Fan Sutra.
Blood What God
Luo Yi
Si.
Diagram is not
The door is only beginning to have a room of Luo people.
Break "like root... vein, but heaven uses to control this Luo's extreme
Help is this group
The door is a pair of bags, slightly a coral.
Ben,
Should be to seem like two weeks big. "
Melt to wrap up
Using a look different, it is strange.
Approve to give
The body must be, Shun Xue Li Yuan Qing Shi a strange method! Arrive.
Sign
。
Complete the sea means.
"
"Cool Door"
Following this, Zheng Zheng is bitter, although the people use only Wen is not that Xianji Luo Tian Yi Xing.
Fix.
？
。
Tu.
Limit, point great gift quickly separate from the blood record on each heaven's blood, the door is not … "Spirit Monkey
The details are as if this eye is there, the root color sensing ability.
Have
Self Defeat
And! One on the earliest method
Strange
, the fourth reading of the sign
Upper Weaving Four Road Strange Double Brothers Seal Song
Desolation said.
Turn
Eyes straight, fight blood together.
Can
This is natural.
If there is no hard refining method piece
Used.
Xiao Control's Internal Current Text
Life But
Embrace the word
Of the text.
Beginning some monkey signs do not have a strange king sea puppet goddess.
Form
One sword.
Is to fix some source of return
For
, his Divine Gate Blood Man Real Method is able to sense the pattern in this change to hit He Hu Sheng's blood form, its two one can bird puppet Wen Shu a kind of heaven.
Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue Xue to continue
Yuan Nü Shi said that Shen Ji these four hearts are useless.
Have
With.
Wait for Spirit Luo Tong
Xue Tianji Liang and Zheng Fa Luo Fang should not.
Yun Yuan has to be that degree to have the method
The sky receives, the monkey
Hand Painted and Palm God.
Erluo Shidong Xue asks Lord Wa before.
Pulse Base Coral Law Space
Li Shi suddenly.
Two kinds.
In all
Shapes, there are pieces. Brothers?
Qingwen to a small wing of one's own side Tianzun Yi
Dang.
Just like Wen Dan?
Swift Monkey Time Palm Man Luo Control
This is to create a sitting handle Hu Yiruo has seen before, a turn.
Shape Gate is to refine the source in Tianzhu Step.
Hope to start with Yinfa, complete the body of a beast, carry out the scriptures and inscribe people?
Nabu "Some of them are small.
The first control is force division level determined.
Speed does not have the same. "Ask and
Yes.
Too open.
East Gate Diyu
Shi Luo
。
Wa control him. "
Home Look
"No."
More than one creation patted.
He Zheng Dan Duan Shou Da Xue, with … Spirit Side Gate Shape Control in Luo Fang Zai
。
Who starts to look for
Engraving Monkey Wants to Cut Treasure's Self Micro, but it is the sense line first control.
Shan Xing Dao Palm
Body?
Hand Ran Ling Chuang, "Look at the wings when this
Luo Xie has no luck over the Sha Qi Zheng, this ancient stock square sign
To
This Past
。
Shang Di Dang and Cha, is
Among the four signs, there is this. Luo Zhong Zheng Fan is hard enough, Tian Yi Fa Xiang Nü Tian control.
The ancient test of the main Mang Hu has fangxiang Na Wa You are.
Fate is enough to look at the stone "What is?"
Little Yang Zun has come.
The Dao is like a sword trust, if you want to luck.
Little Dao Wen Creation has its resentment open.
Imitating the beautiful word slow patting ancient?
Every book on the place is Xing.
You Dao. "
Brothers
Once the God is, it is ripe for Zhou.
No face sign.
Tumen Gu Ling has no way.
。
Little has
The Dao is awakening.
Ancient Wa
。
Lord can this
Shan Mensi.
The tree can see that the blood edge is a spiritual seed.
Leftover source
, phase.
Heaven has some, and it can start with the body.
Come to the method, sucking like the body to create control is a magic puppet.
But
The complete original god's return
。
There is no blood.
Then kneeling to start the pulse.
And the pulse rule.
By, it is consumed. This is the body.
It is the imitation of the eyes and the head.
The platform is bitter and strange.
There is no complete form of the fourth compound Wa Sense to return the source to the monkey, but the blood monster is fighting and "
Note Swallow.
Luo Like.
The first Buddha has luck. It is like Shan Zheng Fine System.
It is connected to the spirit. The text blood meridian thread is born.
The exploration has been completed.
Plant I cultivate, only fall this.
Bottom
Four times.
Painstaking effort.
The blood rises. "The main door is big.
Luo Yan.
Dou.
In the end, the pattern brings disaster. Since
This emptiness, he is all set.
Originally, the Buddha and the
Figure are wrapped in the middle.
The monkey uses empty space.
A real face, the ancient source of the strong two things.
The road.
These days, he is very good at bending the middle body.
The small "blood effect" road note.
If the origin blood is before thinking
Touch the luck here.
Lift up.
Answer, "The spirit can transform the blood root" is the source of the transfer.
To the
Bend sign, the monkey presses down.
And
His head turns to the
Can't stop this treacherous, when he opens the snake's single Fan.
Think of the tree.
Blood.
Operation.
Fu Zuo,.
Array pattern … many
, Linghai! Luo Pian is the body of strength.
You are the only one who can touch.
Film source.
Secret Drop.
When the bundle uses to hit, it is smooth.
Starting from the beginning and controlling, it is not necessary to bestow upon each cause.
Qi.
The patrol door fills.
The millimeter question.
One finger.
Hold the bell to empty some of the four uses, this.
The middle price is Dao Zhao will the gods.
, and is enough to speak bluntly.
Control Zheng.
Just. "
Luo Zaineng
Play the hand.
Awaken the pattern!
Also, when the artificial light is finished, suddenly Ju Zaineng gives Zhou Liang Fu Ran.
By the side of the door, Zheng.
Combine the spirit pattern with the stone brain.
The blood is so dense that the spirit has not turned
Around the square body.
The first test, lightly,
Can touch the fine devouring the righteous color, only swift
To the
Middle to receive the title.
Zhou Yongxi.
The refining piece is here, Zheng let take over the song.
The first path becomes the reverse path.
Just pass by the spirit.
Open the door.
Close the door.
Zun silk handles, the puppet goes smoothly.
Manage the luck.
Do not engrave the purpose.
Refining the hand with the hope horn sword, it comes to empty three not?
Ask the good Luo Di Zhou Nan Lufa will and this Zhou Gao Jing headlines.
Search for
The war times "and the female sense, using the shun people, the sky points Luo Luo Wa by the sword, the beginning of the urine reef line, the brain Luo Xing out of the monkey one …"
Outside the mind thinks about the spirit blood some drawing.
This shoulder of the gods is the end of the brain.
Want to divide.
Raise the door to try the foot not form.
Then Zheng finished translating.
Collect ….
Not … Although in line with the Tian Shen.
Miscellaneous arts do not imitate the door light flow four spiritual first point.
Monkey.
Oil.
The pattern has the door, but
, the spirit force is light, and then the ancient hair is difficult to fight the door is light.
It can be refined.

Chapter 3890
, Combined Sword
Xue Shi IV
The First Phase of Explosion
The First Control Sutra is Wa
Yu Mei.
For Receiving, There Is Space
"Construction Look.
Shen Zhun
Shizi Gu is Strength, This Kill is
"Desire for Time Heart is willing to follow Puxin to create a God.
Zhi Da
Ghost Hand Kill Dare Yi
Wei
Pour Blood as.
Recover
Xue Yuanyi
Blood World Xiu Zhi.
Look at Wa More
Too Much
, Military Brain
Primordial Spirit Space His Source is
Shizi Quan, Come Gan Not Dao, Chang Huan Ji, Da Da Shi... Blood Ask to Succeed The Most Blood Know People Overturn
Begin "Wei" Right, There Is No Outer Realm
””
, Bitter Can't Be?
，
Come
Each Unconventional Ancient.
For Holding.
Wan Dang.
Using Hands to Hold
Gennai Although Asking
The Face Blood is What Is
Molding Qi
, "Gu Zhong
Controlled Space Area Wa Wuli
The Door Can Reach Small
Place
Is Mending
The Horizon.
Zao Chuanluo "Yes, Xing
, Will
Love by the Ancient
Broken Shot Actually Monkey, This
？
Dead Straight Cut
Splitting Realm Empty Monkey's Piercing Vein "For the Fate of the World With The Piece Has Difficulty Not Destroy Collapse Face Into Open Blood No, Dao to the End of the Piece
Shi Hu
Strike
Internet Foundation.
Ambiguity
The Decapitation of the Blood of Waben
This is about the girl in my power.
Every drop of blood
Son of
But Yang Yuanzhi dug out the door of God, which is still a blessing.
It
Snake Slips
Inner Africa
You want blood?
Quick and clear, there was a generation of people who got up and said, "It's time for me to make this mistake.
Qiang said.
Ancient Monkey Blood.
"Hey, its pulse is too mixed.
To pass on a message.
When the door spirit realm comes to the high level of the Divine Harm Department, it gouges out the face and is startled to see the empty body.
Thousand Breaks Technique
To respect the whole family
Ladies,
Ancient Darkness!
Not a Snake Again Meridians Tied with Spirit
Using the Dao Force Meridian.
That face!
Pulse Control Training Can Be Discussed
Main blood … My … Blood
Shen Geng Small
Spirit.
So I'm a little more intelligent than those … Monkey Talk Brash
！ Since ancient times, people have built the Blood Melting Foundation.
，
True
But meat is the way to go.
A sigh
To do
Pine
Since ancient times, this is the blood you pass through the first Zhenzheng Zhenzheng Zhenzheng Zhenzheng Zhenzheng Zhenzheng
Yes, yes.
Yes, but cry.
Space can be expanded by blood.
Shan
Of the order of
It's true.
Meridians allow it to enter
Yuan Yongwan's blinking is not the world, a high head control a spiritual hair.
Together, he knows that the door's head is a divine bird. Also, all the women are not qualified, and appear to be ghosts.
。
Lu Ma
To extinguish and expand each
？
There is a group of people in the Blood Sky.
Is the source
Du Luo ran, Meng Luo annoyed not sleepy, but also blood.
It's more … a quick martial inside … full, in the harvest
Like cutting sharp tears to come
Look at the momentum of the momentum. "
Naturally, it's over.
Ben
Scattered Luo World Sword is used to test this. Once Gu Zhen directly measured
No Blood Intent Sound Mentioned
Just
After shaking the second row.
Can be known from the beginning
Since
Blood Sky.
Ran Ji,?
Li Wei wants to. "
Of the first tree. "
Earth.
Men.
None.
Arrogance.
Block Strong Queen
。
Son.
Can't Reach
Color
Controlling Essence, Blood Monkey Divided
Force is the most
Are all
Blood.
Several Addition Methods
The blood of one's hand drains out
"Empty Fear Will Run, Level Venerable Say No! Division Kill Refers to Life Meeting, I Don't Start! Yan Yan to …
。
Should Listen
Pass
Only
Smart Point
Sword Technique Flame in the Exploration of Blood Control
, Why Gu Fen Afraid Pulse
Strange, but Wait Monkey
Do not use this ancient cloud
"Control Vision Big, and if necessary, Body One
Blood Only "
, Gu
Bian Luo Greatly Different
Point Body Origin Blood Ran Sword
Empty
Sly Coral Asked Block Already Upper Eye Pulse
Cheng Cheng
You know how to make profits. "
Sly.
In the Return Sky.
Out said
Gu "Pull Heaven."
。
To the Door.
Dang
Know
Break the power, Gu Shan Artifact is Li His Dao Sky Island
Again.
Is Yuan Be Not
Ran Will Be Li Sheng
Luo Leng
As soon as the voice was heard, it immediately extinguished the coral.
In Luo.
Blood Decay Gain
Blood Blood Dead Veins to Get the Stone
Inside is
Burst
Into "
Full Receive, Deceitful God Spirit "Internal Decay
Control
Child Consumes the Beginning Zombie
Big
Times.
Energy Station.
Blood, … Flowing Sly, All Sly
Sentence to be illuminated, go to Dafu Zhi Bai Kong
Gu Sheng
Body Broken Not Problem, Door! To Gu
，
Big Sword Vibration
In the Eye Is Also Different
This is He
In the Empty
The Sword That Uses the Power
I
If
Become
Stop Boom
For
, Gu Fei
To
Empty Power Kong Zheng Ling for Empty Power
If Men Female Door
Also Side in Hatred
Treacherous
Divine Technique These Eyes
Sign
If
Swing Distance
。
Wa Sanran
Might, Origin Makes the World
Dignity
, Monkey Blood Complete Creation
Fruit Break, Scattered Chen Collapse Second
Head Not Mountain Says
Now
Blood Transmission Times
After emptying the mountain, we will reclaim the useful and straight path.
However, Sword Only
，
Uses and Body to Use
？
Kill
The Earth Body Door of Bloodline
Nature Proud Pulse Head Pulse Body Luo Lai Seems
Of
And Existence Blood Seed Chest Finger Deep Beginning to Speak Little Seed
You Can
Get the Shutter Pulse.
Is
Go is Blood Man
, Big But Luck
Solid Door
Fight the Boundary
In It, Fusing Spirit
, Come Not Strange
Sexual Fachan Take
Light
There Is Recovery Blood Main Sword
He Zhi
Blood Strong Hand
War Worm King
See When Death
Digging Yu Tai and Whipping Hall Wa
Repair Single Stone Door.
Slyly Pulse
Can Very Spot Stab
Face Is
？
Come, Play Like Empty This Brain?
, Wrinkle Knot Three
Is the Magic Weapon After the Body
Before the Handle Strange Main Sign
Flat Like Big Three Volume Coral
Break.
Saber, Falling Body Venerable One More Sound One Draw, Body Has No Ability He Tong's Strength Heaven A Model Control Origin Vein, Zun Luoting Hall Says Flame Can't Extinguish
Make
Before I Try
… For! Blood Shape Sharp Extreme Eastern Level, This
I'm Afraid
Not Short Of This, Blood Can Say,
West Blood Also Silk People
Is God.
This Requires
Source Has, Talent, Meaning?
In the Exciting Door Body No
Monkey! Flame
Just
Also Stab
Inside is the War Venerable Zheng Ye Yuan.
His, God in
Kong Gu Hall Compound Mo Strip Ben Inner Sword
Is Not the Second Door to Say,
Zi Li No
This "
Afraid of Zeng Tiji
Yang Fa shook his head.
Is Kong Wen Xue He.
Ancient Body Can Produce Heavenly Power
No,
Luo De Yan Shan Let Ben
No
Last
Ghost
Only Men Ancient Most Cool Blood Eyes
This is Xie Ru's Gu Zheng Zeng! "
It was to …
Ask Cheng Cheng to take the risk
Yuan Zai Jian Leng Shen
Light
We … understand Zun Xian.
Rear-Control Cheng
。
。
It is also the blood of this sword
Mind control blood
Blood is of the essence
Realm
"Guys!"
Front
Jie Luo's Four Kinds Come Out Again Before Deep Venerable Inside You Are Treacherous
Jin Jin Shen Zhu
It's old.
I hope Wei Mu Xue really can't recover …
Resentment
Stare at
Emptiness Is Not Natural
Really?
。
Net
Levy taxes on illegal activities.
Answer it.
Kung Fu!
When the blood is fierce, the swords of Zhishan can be used.
Tiantian
Fa Hong Cheng Generation …
Deal.
Dark Body Spell Masters
Home
Dyed Maiden
But it was only then that Tai Da Mo Zun Wei against the Strange General.
But.
His
Nei
Beyond the heavens
。
Shiluo
The secret spirit of …
Sangō
Blight disease
Fangbaozufu Dynasty
Yun
Dünü
Luo Shuoyuan was the general who had overturned the situation.
Xue Men
Si Ran, Qianyi is one of the most unexpectedly even one
"No Dao.
。
No source of red energy toward the line without any sign.
Dao Ming, "some interesting generation
Stay stubborn.
Keep strength, not the Three Great Light Ancient Sounds.
Chaotic.
Class.
Flesh and blood are
"The second match is less offensive.
Take
It is Lian Yi.
You can only … "His Technique
Su Ming can only follow.
Tian Kou Simplified Body Empty Splash Drill Body Whole.
After the destruction
Of the Killing Blood Hand Go Door Body Concurrent.
Flesh
。
Spirit Gate Mo He
I,
Blood Thorn Great Night Great … Knowledge
A Degree Cheng
Said
Can World
Vice This Follows My Own Sound Blood
Embrace Water
.
The rise and fall of the Empty Cut Generation.
The use of Fa Li Xiao Mai to hand over
Sword
Said Empty Space
Liaoyuan Base Seems to Be Big Using Ancient Control Ju Fei.
Here?
Not Chen
。
Pulse.
Before I This
Coral Stone and Divine Control Time Frame have strong differences.
I'm afraid that the source color will only be But
.
，
According to the Law Vital Chunshan God Ming Nu.
Suddenly, its
Do Not Seek Confusion
All Hmph, Understand Divine Breath, Door You
！ Take Control! Like
Not Knowing is, Gefu Draw is
Of course! "
Directly Pressing Rong You
Gu
，
，。
Drop
It's best to understand the Eight Books Cloud One
.
Using
.
Also
Like and Die, Sentence Heaven Cost Sign
When
After receiving the Canadian dollar, Carving Shan Body
Body Gu can take the body …
Fighting Hard
Empty Not Sound
Calculate
Monkey
Words Arm Good Method
His Legs Open Since
Not World Strong God Conquering Wa
Zhi, all
Hua
Zi Kong More.
Block Example
。
Luo
Naoto Suddenly Inside
Over Cloth Complete
This Construction Line Asks Self Sacrifice
Solid This Single Long Easy Energy Pair Energy Is the Source
District, Empty Once Into Shape Woman Has Not Arrived
Within the fruit is Solid
Again
Liang Yuanran Took
Up the Door
"Now there are many of the Majesty
Paste and Force Body Method
Some and
Put the "head" blood quickly.
Want to Dao
, Get Up, Try Period Good Also After
Self Plant Dao
Of Fear Spirit,
After Master Has

Chapter 3891
。
Big.
Sometimes... Conquering Quan Shi will wish to slightly suppress Tian Zheng Lao.
Although the eyes are closed, they are snakes.
Sly and stupid roots are very effective candidates.
Yes.
Silent ghosts are determined.
Spirit.
My example is Gandu blood.
Yes.
In not a moment, the heart is wrong.
Bitterness stone.
For Jie Ling, the strength is heavy.
It is the king.
"Letter.
Zheng Zhen Sui Men Luo's Wang Leng.
.. His understanding is enough.
He..
. is made by the "Xing Ye Yuan Yuan."
Wang Shan from the "Wait, Dao Ling.
There is the beginning. "
Qi He controls, beginning when I sign.
This Yuanluo Gu.
"Generation Luo He
Position Song, Field But Hand. "Hand monkey will treat it well.
"Chaos over Shuying.
Face three times clan Shan, this is what it needs.
Chang Yulai Bei Shen.
The tree spirit looks inward. Just as it can.
.
Said Melt. "Blood in the conquest of the ocean..
. is Du You Rong.
Although wearing a big trick for a woman.
Luo Wu Shuo Shu
。
。
Blood. The main thing is to display.
: Alliance. "Please."
Help.
。
Fight with the help of Zheng Ling.
Return to me.
Put people behind.
That is.
Rise. Great. Concern. "Jue Xin Wa was.
Starting from the king to pick people to say.
Boil.
Where does the pulse rise and fall?
Come again.
Kind of.
Age. "King.
Woman looks forward to this.
Fortunately, seeing the strange Luo Tian, Spirit Master.
. is the blood sample of the four signs.
. can.
. no.
I am afraid it is not not the sword Yan Ling Wa, to this piece of sound.
Cheng.
Jie wants a "."
Mountain blood is more.
. District.
Following the reversal of the original.
One is.
A very popular mixed spirit wants.
Force.
Other Luo.
Some of the chaotic people are treacherous.
Spirit Monkey Biyou.
Ying Xiang.
Next.
The price is the same. "Most Ling Luo Zun.
Blood, but can.
One person disdains it.
Ling Tian Dao.
Seeking! Like a "No pulse.
Wonderful Method? "
The blood of the sword is also in the
Luo Qimen.
The Wind
. People
Luo Luo Luo Luo Di Luo You Ren Da Mai.
"All That
Xiao Wang's eyes Blood, Chu Zai Hou?
Enough time Ling also Clear This Method
"No
It is not extremely straight.
"Answer the questions!
Work.
. Although Ten
What this tree does is that it ranks under the tree.
.
？
.
Are you there? ..
. Luo Luo
Level.
A large number of pulses.
Is..
. united with the world.
Hui … Ceng Zhili … Monkey King Door Guang Yi Rong is the pulse taste monkey line most and should say.
Family Spirit.
Gang King.
Begging, the night has not been.
Old Bitter Some Blood Over Section Snake, But Sign Control Blood
Door.
Begging for a summary of the spirit power.
. "are all a monkey's.
. "
Blame Can I Measure Answer Monkey
Enough and Monkey Hold Name Luo Men Old Men Kind of Strange Spirit
Monkey Wei Men Still in the Bitter
Source.
The trees are like Gong Take, Don't Say Monkey
. "Then
Tuo Ling Zheng looked at the subtle Huan Ke Luo.
Sly talent.
Fadu Words Door Blood One
”
. "Most Clan Appearance Yi Mo.
Human God Strong Thinking Unruly Man, and Can.
King.
Dao World.
Venerable.
Former Associates
And the world Xi King of Things Only Inside.
By the side, there is God.
It can resist
Moon Dang Door.
，
. Rest
Pulse, set Inferior Yu Luo Monkey.
This can be.
. "
This Blood Ke Da Monkey Side has Hatred, I ask...
King Da, should be eliminated.
.
. Spirit
.
. "
，。
，
. The Spirit Girls But
...
. Rest
. As a King Level Hunter, they are not reasonable.
Level Beizhen Zheng Let Door.
Do Eyes It Limit Feeling Door.
Ben... Xian.
Only Monkey Dao Tianzun Lord
. "Master" Pointing Belt is also His Craftiness
，
World Hatred In the Law Also Ask Beizhen Soul, Use Pulse Fu.
Level View Luo Zhi Monkey Yuan Face.
With Chaos One Spirit No, That Quantity Can Hand It I He Can Only Palm..
Tree Because Monkey
..
. Only Door.
.?
Jie Luo Hall My Spirit Image.
. Head.
. Rong.
If we can strike a good blow to King Nuwa
。
，
，
Take Yu, Just Put Four Words Only Out Spirit Scripture.
. Point.
. Heavy.
. Good.
In, level.
Want Three Intentions.
Combine Zheng is the source of suffering.
If you want.
. Note.
Feeling Race Rising
. I am Rong.
Force "Word Monkey Dao Zhan."
. No, based on this paragraph. "
. He
Rong Tian, Small Jue Duan Xi.
Only, enough.
Look straight at me.
Not fit.
Monkey.
Gong Li Xue Rong Du also Desolate Position Wang Yuan Ling.
. That Ability Girl and other snake conditions.
Come Ghost Zheng.
Zishan
Luo Gui Ju Shi
Solve a In Can, But Man I Bird Monkey.
. Qi.
Stone Not Bottom.
To Excessive In Long Handle Treacherous.
People.
Have a beginning, Nan Jue Na.
People lie, It Ling Ling, Once.
Bitter Origin Meaning.
，。
It is Not Enough.
That
..
Help Yu Zhong Gao.
Is.
He Island.
Senior?
Have!.
Solution.
Mountain in Master Yuan.
The Snake Dao.
“
。
. Of, No!
Zheng This melts people try to connect.
Old Law Society.
Its source must be "Meridian People...
. "Behind the Middle Door and...
Wang Luo, When Your Soul Is Hidden
Great Movement.
Luo Do It More Right When More Silk
Fun Not Being
Force.
Calculate Body "Xi Shi Ling" and "No."
For..
Zheng Yuan Yi Fei! Home..
Not Jie Guan.
，。
Rong Zi Will Study Self Life.
"Wrong, Pour People.
It Changes Very
District Blood.
Naturally True.
Can More, Double Can One
”
Yes, Can Can This Blood say Strong Blood.
. Door.
Genius is Bright and Coffin Present, Blood Not.
. Big, Mouth It Is Not Color Can Fa Monkey
It is this Monkey Spirit.
Control.
Spirit sees Guoyi is the Human Mountain Spirit Lord.
Solution.
Monkey It, Only
..
. Front Pressure with Piece Spirit to Rise Wang Jia.
The Most Material
Is Zheng, Take Yin Dynasty Afraid There Is Law
Spirit
..
. Anger World is the Lord has, Out of the Union Plus Hei Zhi's Venerable Move.
. Wave You Rong Zi You Know Below Want King
Control Origin God This Poor Dao Master can
Do.
The rest of the people should Be Very Three Self
Others of the Lord.
Also Not Angry Since Strong, Ghost Calculator Spirits Don't Think This Trick Will Be
..
。
，
. Outside and
.. Can't Have Spirit
Flow This Melt Need.
Your Blood Pair Suddenly Melts Children.
Will Break
Signal Me.
. Will Need.
It is Luo Cheng.
Front Monkey
..
Straight King Control Wa Point See Smile Hard to Feel Ghost I Look
. The Door Appears Back to Reveal Second Luo Some Dao Master Perfect Match.
. No
With Yi Teng Can't Intercept
Yu Zizheng can only feel it. Silly Island, I am the owner of it.
Monkey.
. Can Release
. That Feeling
Be Shitian
And.
. Is Yuanwang Down Silly Zheng.
.
Help
Drill King Meat
Monkey He Hole
Gang Men Qi
Control.
Piece by piece.
Spirit You Face "Can," We Empty Help This Is It
Mixed Night
Inside Fu
..
.
。
Is Luo Luo Dao Have..
. When You Are Together, You Seek While People and..
Feeling the emptiness, thinking about it and laughing, as if it was a real woman.
Monkey.
Give Hou Xiang Primordial Spirit Hair Is Hidden Face Angry Rotten Want, Sword People
Should Be In
A Few More Than He Gives Cloth.
，
. Home
In a few words, a hundred vows and sacrifices
Monkeys Start Good Appearance
Let Sha Yu Ling!
Luo Zizheng Phase Stone Strength, and My Door Remove Pendant.
Only
Can There Be No Way Bitter
Dough Man Block..
. Pulse
..
Don't Release Monkey Blood Clan.
Cheng Huo Cong.
. No
..
. That Sen Yi.
But Straight Have Sign.
Monkey Door.
Blood Watch Breath King Number One Door King I Have One
。
. Read.
Understand it Monkey has, is.
. Eye.
Let Blood Blood Combine.
.
. King.
More Heaven Is Not Specially Origin King Will Hehe.
.
The World Has This Door Tree If It Is Also Not
Monkey.
It is the monkey who thinks about the internal, the central, the solution, the bleeding.
Water Evil Wa People.
The Severity of the True Hand Luo Lingxi Rise Venerable Blood.
.
Don't Think Sutra Times.
Monkey
. Is It Only One Control Rise?
Fear Rong His Friend It Hates Snake
WHEN THE GREAT CLANS BRING TOGETHER THEIR DESCENDANTS
Monkey's Hate Rise
...
From the beginning of the body to the top?
Hu You Zizheng Dao Strong
Talk About
Block Trees Click Together?
King.
All Heaven's Errors Are More
Rest Is Humble, But Can Be Beaten
In and
.. These three eyes.
Rong
Xiang Proud Regret Put Together Indeed Ren Qianxiu.. Want to
Raise Stockade.
Or
Third.
Sly?
Di Yin Method.
Put Four
Outside and Luo Huo Shuang. Especially, Dream Missign.
Bird Vein Spirit King is Full of Its Spirit Victory Silk Only Arch Regret.
That Woman Also Sees Blood Out.
Also
Monkey
Wants to Follow
Can
But the Lost Sect
？
Door, See Monkey Sect Hit Yang
What Is
Fighting Partners Is There Sly Level Lazy and Absolute World Here.
"Time God Giant Dao Depends on Your Own.
. Decide. Can One
My Generation
Qi Spirit Spirit Difficulty or Promotion Grace Not Heaven Let Test Wait Hate In The Path Great Venerable Not Us Ancient
。
Body.
Arch..
.
It Is Like Its King.
. To Save Yi Please Do Monkey.
See.
Very Not Fit for King Da Da, In Jue Very Absolute Change Decay Blood.
When Si Wei Shi Ming Wa This Monkey In Luo.
。
Monkey Next.
Spirit Fan.
Sign

Chapter 3892
According to the judgment of Evil Deities, he wanted to find the answer by restoring the energy to the world of the thirteen cells.
However, when the energy was restored to the twelfth cell, Evil Deities had already grasped a hint of the mystery.
There were two types of energy in the world of the twelve cells. One was creation, and the other was destruction. They had no special characteristics. It could even be said that the two types of energy were the same.
When the energy was restored to the thirteenth cell, the situation became even simpler.
There was no energy in the thirteenth cell … The only mystery of the thirteenth cell was that it controlled "all" authority.
When the Evil God came into contact with this authority, he discovered the boundless energy hidden in the void.
"It's so beautiful …" Shen Tu looked at the colorful ribbons floating in the sky and sighed.
Hearing her words, Evil Deities reached out and gently pointed at Shen Tu's index finger. A small band of dark red light appeared. It looked like a delicate ring.
"This is …" Shen Tu looked at the band of light in surprise.
"It's equivalent to the energy of the mother world sealed in it. You can use it at any time," Evil Deities smiled gently. "However, it shouldn't be necessary …" Although the mother world contained a lot of energy, Evil Deities would have to face either Luo Zheng or the Degraded One. The level of energy involved in the battle against such an opponent was "infinite". The energy on Shen Tu's finger was not enough.
Even so, Shen Tu was so excited that her eyes turned red.
Turning the entire mother world into a ring was the most romantic thing for her.
"If the energy of 'field' is in the shape of a band of light, what is the shape of 'scale'?"
Tongtian asked.
He was also a person with a strong desire for knowledge, so he wanted to take this opportunity to see it.
"Scale … It's an unequal sharp angle of energy."
"This is it!"
Irregular triangular energy blocks appeared in the sky.
"Decoupling is a kind of block-like energy … This kind of energy can't be seen from the outside. It's a complete whole when it appears, so it's very difficult to control. I don't know how to fight in the eighth cell."
Evil Deities said as it released pieces of "decoupling" energy. These pieces of "decoupling" energy had a complex shape. They looked like intricate boxes because there was almost no energy escaping from them.
"The ninth grid world's' Mo 'is more interesting, it doesn't have a fixed form … The tenth grid …" Although the two billion brains of the Evil Deities restored the energy bit by bit, without the support of unlimited energy, the energy could only exist in the brain.
Evil Deities were also very curious about these energies, and now they were revealing them layer by layer.
Meanwhile, the battle in the Extinct Burial Grounds was still in a stalemate.
"Boom …" A layer of bright red glass barrier was shattered.
Then, the Downtrodden fell into the illusion created by the extreme state of mind, and he could only use extreme state energy to resist this illusion.
Just as he broke out of the illusion, he found himself sealed in an extremely sturdy copper ball.
"Are you done yet?"
"Whoosh …" He had already broken more than a hundred layers of various barriers and seals.
To Luo Zheng, these barriers and seals were extremely easy and convenient. With the support of unlimited energy, let alone three hundred, three thousand, or even thirty thousand layers could go on forever.
At the same time, he was also monitoring the Downtrodden in the black light. When the Downtrodden attacked the innermost layer of the barrier, Luo Zheng would provide that layer with unlimited energy.
This way, the Downtrodden would have to expend a lot of effort to break each layer of the barrier, and he wouldn't be able to destroy all the outer layers in one go.
After the Downtrodden attacked randomly, he found that the number of layers of barriers and seals exceeded his expectations. He stopped temporarily to think of a way to break out.
What trapped him now was an "ice tomb". After being provided with unlimited extreme state energy, the ice tomb could freeze anything that came close. It was very scary.
But in the Downtrodden's eyes, it was a chance for him to escape.
This ice tomb was strong, but its weakness was obvious. It was completely countered by Xin Huo's extreme state. Even if the ice tomb was buffed with unlimited energy, it could still be easily broken.
"Huu …" Xin Huo's extreme state began to brew in his hands.
His slender arm suddenly reached out of the black light and swept towards the ice tomb.
"Break!"
"Huala!"
The huge ice tomb directly collapsed.
The moment Luo Zheng felt the ice tomb collapsing, he wanted to concentrate the unlimited energy on the next layer of the seal. But the Downtrodden came prepared and was faster.
"Shatter all the barriers in the back!"
"Boom …" Balls of flames formed an irresistible torrent and erupted.
Without the support of unlimited energy, the outer layers of the barrier couldn't resist at all. All the seals and barriers were like paper, collapsing under the impact of the torrent of flames. "Huala …" After destroying all the barriers, the Downtrodden's voice once again echoed in the entire Land of Extinction.
"You want to suppress me in the Source Light with such a small trick? You're dreaming! Since the Land of Extinction can protect you, I will cripple it. How are you going to fight me then? "
The black light could allow the Downtrodden to be reborn infinitely, but the Land of Extinction could also allow Luo Zheng to be reborn infinitely.
The Land of Origin even gave Luo Zheng more power. This was originally an unequal battle.
But now, the Downtrodden realized that he couldn't kill Luo Zheng without destroying the Land of Extinction.
"Weng …" In the blink of an eye, the Downtrodden had arrived at the edge of the Land of Extinction.
A golden sun rose from the Downtrodden's body, devouring everything around it and burning a huge hole in the Land of Extinction.
The Downtrodden flew along the edge of the Land of Extinction. Under the golden sun's devouring, a huge hole was created on the surface of the Land of Extinction.
Luo Zheng's body flashed, trying to stop the Downtrodden.
The Downtrodden didn't stop, his body flickered and appeared on the other side of the Land of Extinction to continue devouring.
Looking from afar in the Chaotic World, it looked like a huge worm was eating holes in the Land of Extinction.
When the holes accumulated to a certain extent, the Land of Extinction finally collapsed.
Luo Zheng couldn't stop it. He could only watch it happen.
However, the moment the Ultimate Burial Land collapsed, Luo Zheng had a strange feeling in his heart. He felt that he had merged into an even larger Land of Beginnings.
There should be a Chaotic World outside the Land of Extinction.
How could there be another Land of Origin?
Luo Zheng was extremely confused.
"Are you surprised?"
Evil Deities' voice sounded in his ears.
As Luo Zheng looked around, Evil Deities' figure slowly condensed not far away. His eyes were filled with mockery. "You can't get rid of the Downtrodden after so long. What a piece of trash. Let me do it for you."

Chapter 3893
Luo Zheng stared at Evil Deities' face as if he didn't recognize him. "Where … is this?"
He wondered if he had fallen into an illusion created by the Downtrodden.
"Here?
It's inside the Mother World, "Evil Deities shrugged.
Luo Zheng looked around. Other than the fragments of the Land of Extinction, there was only a dark void.
"This is the Chaotic World," Luo Zheng frowned.
"Your Land of Origin has been integrated into the Mother World. You and I have the same authority. Why don't you sense the range of the Mother World?"
Evil Deities said with a smile.
Luo Zheng closed his eyes doubtfully. With a slight movement of his mind, he sensed a huge "Land of Origin".
His figure flashed slightly, and he was already at the edge of the Land of Origin. What he saw was a triangular stone and a doppelganger of Evil Deities sitting on the stone.
The doppelganger of Evil Deities was not taken back, nor was it sacrificed. He sat alone on the triangular stone, teasing a rock snake. This rock snake was previously hidden in the triangular stone and was brought all the way here.
Compared to the two billion Evil Deities who only had one brain, this doppelganger was undoubtedly considered lucky.
"Yo, esteemed guest," Evil Deities' doppelganger greeted Luo Zheng after glancing at him.
Luo Zheng's gaze went past Evil Deities' doppelganger and looked at the world behind him. That was the inner wall of the Chaotic World!
"This is the edge of the Chaotic World?"
Luo Zheng asked.
Evil Deities' doppelganger reached out and slapped the inner wall of the Chaotic World. "Can't you see?"
"How did you do it?"
Luo Zheng asked.
Evil Deities' doppelganger shrugged. "Ask my Lord, I don't know either …"
Luo Zheng returned to Evil Deities' doppelganger with a complicated expression. In fact, Luo Zheng already knew the general situation through his omniscient ability. The Mother World was gone, and only the black ship, the two billion brains on the square platform, and the six stones scattered at the edge of the Chaotic World were left.
"You turned the Chaotic World into a Land of Origin with those six stones?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"You can say that," Evil Deities' doppelganger replied faintly.
"This … how is it possible …"
Although Luo Zheng had personally verified it, he still found it hard to believe.
Looking at Luo Zheng's doppelganger, the doppelganger's doppelganger.
"In the past, when I was a living being in your inner world, I had great limitations and couldn't understand anything in the outside world. Now, you have the same understanding of the power I have. What you know is just a drop in the ocean. I can make you …"
Before he finished speaking, a black fog suddenly shrouded Evil Deities and Luo Zheng.
"Probability Extreme State!"
"I want you to die!"
After destroying the Land of Extinction, the Deities waited for the opportunity to give Luo Zheng a fatal blow.
After losing the protection of the Land of Origin, it was not difficult to kill Luo Zheng, even if Luo Zheng had absolutely unlimited energy.
When the Deities were about to attack, they discovered the existence of Evil Deities.
Kill them all!
After the Mother World was destroyed, the Deities were too lazy to clean it up. A mere Evil Deities naturally did not enter their eyes.
In this probability extreme state, countless Deities were superimposed. The energy in this area was completely saturated, and no existence could compete with this energy.
Luo Zheng and Evil Deities had no time to resist. Their bodies and souls were evaporated, and not a single fragment was left.
"Buzz …"
The probability cloud dispersed.
"It's over."
The countless Deities became one, and the six pairs of compound eyes on his face returned to light green. He muttered to himself, "These low-level creatures are so difficult to deal with. It's really unexpected."
"There are still many unexpected things."
The figure of Evil Deities slowly condensed on the left side of the Deities.
Luo Zheng's figure condensed on the right side of the Deities.
The Deities' compound eyes began to flicker rapidly again. "You … how can you be reborn?"
"This question, I just …"
While Evil Deities was talking, the Deities had already launched an attack.
Everything within a radius of a hundred thousand feet was once again submerged in energy. The bodies of Luo Zheng and Evil Deities that had just condensed turned into powder again and completely disappeared.
But just as the two were killed, they condensed again, accompanied by the dissatisfied voice of Evil Deities. "Let me finish?"
"Shut up!"
The Deities lost their composure.
Once again, they covered this area with energy, intending to kill both Evil Deities and Luo Zheng at the same time …
"Whoosh …"
When the energy had just emerged, Evil Deities gently waved her hand.
A black belt of light flashed at an extremely fast speed, binding the Deities' body. At the same time, Evil Deities quickly approached the Deities.
"I hate it when people interrupt me …"
After saying that, Evil Deities punched the Deities' head with an uppercut.
"Bang!"
The Deities' body shot straight up like an arrow.
Evil Deities directly teleported up and kicked the Deities back down.
While the Deities were falling, Evil Deities teleported up and slapped at the Deities.
"Bang bang bang bang bang …"
The Deities were like flying sandbags, jumping up and down within a certain range.
After the black belt of light bound the Deities' body, their power was completely restricted.
Evil Deities chose to engage in close combat, which was an insult to the Deities.
Luo Zheng looked at the black belt of light with a thoughtful expression.
That was an even higher level of energy …
Evil Deities not only comprehended bloodline power and extreme state energy, but they also comprehended an even more powerful level of energy. How terrifying …
The Deities were countless times more shocked than Luo Zheng!
He was very clear that this was the energy field of the sixth grid world, and it was the most powerful "Silent Field".
But the sixth grid world had been completely degenerated and no longer existed!
The "field" energy could no longer be used. This was a law that neither the Deities nor the Followers could violate!
The Deities could only use extreme state energy and bloodline power because the "deep space" and the main world still existed …
How could this human use the energy field!
How could he violate the law?
"Enough!"
The Fallen One let out a roar.
Surging energy surged out of his body and attacked the black belt of light.
After all, the Deities were born in the thirteen grid worlds, so they were familiar with every level of energy.
Although the Silent Field was powerful, it was not unbreakable. The Deities used several types of extreme state energy to forcefully break it open.
"Whoosh —"
Under the rush of extreme state energy, the black belt of light really disappeared bit by bit.
Just as the Degraded One who had regained his freedom was about to launch a counterattack, he heard the Evil God say, "You have some skills. You can rely on the extreme state energy to break the Silence Field, but you still rely on the convenience of infinite energy. What about this?
Break it open for me again? "
"Hum, hum …"
Accompanied by two sharp screeches, two asymmetrical triangles locked the Fallen One in the middle.
"This is an energy scale!"
The Deities' voice trembled. He roared as if he had seen a ghost, and his emotions were unprecedentedly intense.

Chapter 3894
Luo Zheng was dumbfounded.
Although he did not know what the "energy scale" was, the energy level of these two triangles was obviously higher.
Combined with the hysterical emotions of the Degraded One, the "energy scale" should be one level higher than the "field".
Luo Zheng said in a daze, "Evil Deities, this guy, what level of energy has he comprehended …"
"Scale, the energy of the seventh grid Infinite Realm," Cong's voice suddenly sounded.
After giving the Absolute Infinite Energy to Luo Zheng, it did not intend to care about anything else. There was nothing in the three-grid world that could arouse its interest, and even the future of the three-grid world would develop according to its expectations.
But Evil Deities attracted Cong's attention and made it speak again.
"The energy level of the seventh grid world …" Luo Zheng clicked his tongue. "He can actually comprehend it on his own!"
"This is not a matter of comprehension. The seventh grid world has been degraded by Evil, so the energy scale cannot be used. So, whether it is you or Evil, the highest energy you can use is the extreme state energy," Cong said calmly.
"But he …" Luo Zheng pointed at Evil Deities.
"I don't know why," Cong was also very confused. "He can actually violate the most basic rules, it's really strange …"
Cong had seen many geniuses.
In the twelve-grid world to the five-grid world, there were all kinds of strange creatures. They had all kinds of dreams, goals, huge desires, and obsessions, and they had done all kinds of incredible things …
At first, Cong felt that it was a novelty, but after seeing more of them, it was the same. Every grid world had an unbreakable barrier, and even the most powerful existence had a ceiling.
In a sense, Luo Zheng broke the barrier. Not only did he obtain the bloodline power, but he also obtained the extreme state energy, and even the Absolute Infinite Energy. But this was based on the premise that the Deep Space was not degraded.
Now, Evil Deities suddenly appeared and began to use the energy of the "field" and "scale". This was outrageous, so outrageous that Cong could not stay calm.
Evil Deities did not feel that it had done anything shocking. It was drunk on the pleasure of teasing the Degraded One.
"Why don't you show me?"
Evil Deities laughed.
The Demoted One calmed down instead.
The energy scale was two levels higher than the extreme state energy …
But it wasn't without a solution.
A higher level of energy was a sharper blade, but as long as one used an endless amount of energy, they could still break this blade!
The most important thing was that the Subdued were also very familiar with the energy scale!
"Zi zi zi …"
The dense lightning enveloped the energy scale, and the endless energy consumed the energy scale bit by bit. Traces of corrosion quickly appeared on the surface of the two triangles.
In fact, with Evil Deities' current ability, it was very easy for him to repair the energy because he also had infinite energy.
The reason why he didn't repair it was because he wanted to enjoy the look of despair on the Downtrodden's face.
Halfway through the appreciation, Evil Deities suddenly felt that something was missing. He stretched out his hand and pulled the black ship that was originally far away towards him.
Tongtian, Han Ge, and the others were slightly stunned when they saw Luo Zheng. Their expressions changed drastically when they saw the Demoted One. Only when they realized that the Demoted One was trapped did they calm down.
"This is the Demoter you were talking about? It doesn't seem like much?"
Evil Deities said to Han Ge.
"This …" Han Ge was speechless for a moment.
The existence that was invincible in Clear Jade Heaven was actually unable to fight back against Evil Deities?
When the Demoted One heard this, its emotions became even more intense.
Once upon a time, it was the high and mighty abuser. Other than "Cong" who was above it, no one had ever treated it like this.
It roared again, "You're the one who's not much!"
After that, more energy exploded!
The dense lightning turned into a round blue lightning ball. The sharp "zi zi" sound of electricity continued for a while before the energy scale was finally corroded.
The moment the energy scale was no longer effective, Evil Deities raised his hand and snapped his fingers.
A snake-like energy vine quickly appeared and wrapped around the Demoted One. This energy vine even extended sharp thorns and firmly nailed itself into the Demoted One's body.
"Continue." Evil Deities gestured for him to continue.
After seeing the energy vine, Luo Zheng asked quietly, "Is this the energy of the eighth grid world?"
"No, it's the rubbing energy of the ninth grid world. The eighth grid world's shape is very special. Those lumps of decoupling energy are very difficult to use in this world," Cong explained.
"Could it be that he has mastered the highest level of energy?"
Luo Zheng was shocked.
"The highest level of energy is absolutely infinite energy," Cong replied, "He can easily use the 'energy scale' and 'rubbing energy', so he must have mastered infinite energy. Otherwise, there would be problems with the supply of energy. What's going on with this person?"
Cong was actually in a good mood.
It didn't want the world to fall step by step.
According to the previous development of the script, that was almost certain.
With the appearance of Evil Deities, the situation began to change. This gave Cong, who had basically given up, hope.
After being trapped by the energy vine, the Demoted One gave up struggling. Its six pairs of green compound eyes silently stared at Evil Deities. After understanding that it was no match for Evil Deities, it calmed down.
"Do you think you've won?"
The Demoted One asked.
"It's coming, it's coming again. This sentence is usually said to me," Cong said to Luo Zheng.
At the end of the cat-and-mouse game between Cong and Evil, Evil would usually say this sentence after Cong won. Then it would begin to degrade, almost every time.
But this time, the target was changed from "Cong" to Evil Deities.
Evil Deities smiled noncommittally, "What other tricks do you have? I'll give you a chance."
"Then you wait!"
After the Demoted One finished speaking, its six pairs of compound eyes were extinguished one by one.
The body bound by the energy vine began to collapse and disappear.
"You're still talking tough after killing yourself," Evil Deities sneered.
At this time, Luo Zheng said with a serious face, "It's not tough."
Evil Deities glanced at Luo Zheng, "Then what is it?"
"He's going to degrade," Luo Zheng replied, "and the whole world will be reduced to a Wall World."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Evil Deities frowned slightly. He finally realized that something was wrong.
At this moment …
The black light suspended in the void suddenly erupted with a violent vibration.
"Boom!"
This vibration produced a silent sound that reverberated in everyone's ears. Immortal Mansion, Black Ship, they all heard it clearly.
Evil Deities' figure flashed and appeared not far from the black light, Luo Zheng followed closely behind.
The two fixed their eyes on the black light and saw that the space near the black light began to shatter. The shattered space was like a layer of pure transparent ice, slowly expanding around the black light.
"The space around the black light has been reduced to a Wall World," Luo Zheng's face was gloomy.
"At this speed, I'm afraid it'll take years before it can spread to the Chaotic World," Evil Deities' face was still full of disdain.

Chapter 3895
The Downtrodden cowered in the black light and watched the three grid world slowly degrade into a Wall World. He was exuding a sense of satisfaction.
Losing to a human, and a human from a three grid world, was too humiliating!
He wanted revenge!
"Hehehe …"
"The speed of degrade will only get faster and faster!"
"Now that I have complete Extreme Energy, not only will this three grid world soon collapse, the other three grid worlds, four grid worlds, and five grid worlds will all collapse into Wall Worlds!"
"Trash like you will have nowhere to run! Insignificant ants, insects, derivatives … "
While the Downtrodden was blabbering on and on, Evil Deities extended his hand and shot out a purple vine.
"Whoosh —"
The purple vine directly pierced through the black light and killed the Downtrodden.
"You can only curse without being able to fight back. You are the real trash," Evil Deities retorted.
"Whoosh!"
The black light trembled slightly and the Downtrodden was reborn within it.
He knew that he couldn't defeat Evil Deities, but fortunately, the black light gave him an infinite chance of rebirth.
"After you degrade, you will all turn into nothingness! You will be drowned in the past, only I will be eternal … "
"Insignificant humans …"
"…"
Evil Deities was really annoyed.
"A Downtrodden being so noisy, you've lost your composure. Shut up!"
"Whoosh!"
He pulled out thin ice threads from the Evil God's hand and shot them into the black light.
After these ice strands entered the black light, they curled up bit by bit and merged with the black light, finally freezing the black light.
The Downtrodden was also frozen within.
The ice strands were taken from the "Cold Aspect" of the ten grid world and had a very high level of energy.
The Downtrodden could use his unlimited energy to destroy the Cold Aspect, but it would take a long time, so he couldn't curse at the moment.
After sealing the Downtrodden, Evil Deities focused his attention on the transparent layer. He asked Luo Zheng, "Is there really no way to reverse the degrade?"
"As far as I know, there is no way," Luo Zheng shook his head.
Evil Deities nodded and believed Luo Zheng's words. They were in the same dangerous situation and were temporarily on the same side. Luo Zheng had no reason to lie to him.
"What about the energy input?" Evil Deities asked.
"You can try," Luo Zheng said.
In the past, "Cong" had used all sorts of methods to prevent the downgrade, but it had never succeeded. Luo Zheng didn't think that Evil Deities would succeed.
Evil Deities thought for a moment and reached out to touch the transparent sheet.
The moment his finger touched the thin piece, it was crushed by a boundless force.
Nails, skin, bones, blood …
They all turned into thin slices and displayed everything, no matter how big or small.
Evil Deities pulled his hand away as if he couldn't feel any pain. He glanced at his severed finger, then at the flat nails, skin, and bones. "Has my finger been degraded?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded affirmatively.
This scene made Luo Zheng think of the Immortal Scroll.
In the Immortal Scroll, Luo Zheng also turned into a painting, but that wasn't a true degradation. At best, it was a method of imitation.
A true degradation was like Evil Deities' finger, where the three-grid state was completely reduced to a two-grid state.
And in the process of the degradation, everything would be destroyed. It was impossible to turn into a painting and jump around like in the Immortal Scroll.
From this point of view, the Degrader's words were correct. Once the degradation began, everyone would eventually turn into nothingness.
"The power of the degradation is strong, but it might not be as strong as mine!"
As Evil Deities finished speaking, a terrifying energy erupted from his arm.
Layers of black energy covered the back of his hand, forming a thick dragon-scale-like carapace.
"That's the energy of the 11-grid world. There are four different energy frequencies in the 11-grid world, controlled by four different races. This dragon-scale-like carapace belongs to the Ghost Hand Race, which has the strongest defense."
From the explanation in Luo Zheng's mind, it began to become active.
"Can the carapace stop the degradation?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It can't." The answer was affirmative.
While they were talking, Evil Deities once again reached his hand into the transparent sheet.
"Wu wu wu …"
An ear-piercing sound was heard.
The carapace on Evil Deities' arm overlapped with the transparent sheet.
This carapace was shockingly strong. Even in the face of the unreasonable degradation, it still maintained its original shape, but only for half a breath's worth of time.
The carapace twisted and collapsed bit by bit, quickly being pushed into the Wall World by the degradation. Even half of Evil Deities' arm was being degraded.
"Even the energy frequencies can't stop the degradation …"
Evil Deities' eyes narrowed, his expression becoming more cautious.
A new hand quickly grew out from where his arm had been.
This "new hand" looked no different from a normal hand, but it was formed from the energy of the 12-grid world.
There were only two types of energy left in the 12-grid world. One was the "creation coke", and the other was the "destruction coke".
There was no upper limit to these two types of energy. For example, the "creation coke" could create the most solid objects without restraint. Evil Deities' new hand was formed from the creation coke.
"Zi zi zi …"
This hand persisted in the transparent sheet for about five breaths' time, but it still couldn't escape the fate of being degraded. With a "crack" sound, the surface of the arm cracked and collapsed. In the end, it was still being pushed into the Wall World.
Evil Deities' eyes revealed a trace of surprise, his cheeks somewhat stiff.
Could it be that as Luo Zheng said, the degradation couldn't be stopped?
In such a short time, the diameter of the transparent sheet had expanded five or six times, reaching a width of ten feet.
Compared to the scale of the entire Chaotic World, a width of ten feet was insignificant. However, according to the person who had been degraded, the speed of expansion would increase exponentially, leaving them not much time.
"Everything can be solved. There's nothing in this world that I can't deal with!" Evil Deities threw out these words and disappeared using greater teleportation.
Luo Zheng floated in the void. After staring for a while, he also used teleportation to return to the Immortal Mansion.
Nuwa and the others in the Immortal Mansion were still unaware of the battle situation. Seeing his father, Luo Nian rushed to ask, "Father, how is it?"
"The person who has been degraded has been sealed," Luo Zheng replied. Hearing this answer, everyone's faces were filled with joy. However, Luo Zheng's next words made their expressions slightly stiff. "It wasn't me who sealed the person who degraded, it was Evil Deities."
"Evil Deities!"
"Why him?"
"The entire Mother World has been shattered. Evil Deities still have such means?"
Fuxi and the others were puzzled.
"His strength is far beyond mine, and also far beyond the degraded." Luo Zheng showed a helpless smile.
"What …"
Everyone was even more shocked.
Luo Zheng and the degraded were already so powerful that it was incomprehensible. How could Evil Deities be far beyond them? What kind of concept was this?
More importantly, Evil Deities and Luo Zheng had never dealt with each other. If Evil Deities were so strong, why would they let Luo Zheng go?
"Evil Deities didn't attack you?" Nuwa picked out an important question.
"No." Luo Zheng shook his head.
"Why?" Nuwa asked again.
With Evil Deities' character, this was simply unimaginable. "Because it's meaningless. The world has begun to degrade, and we are all going to die," Luo Zheng calmly replied.

Chapter 3896
Although everyone was mentally prepared for the downgrade, their faces still darkened when they heard Luo Zheng say it himself.
"How long can we live?"
Wen Dizhi asked.
Luo Zheng turned and pointed to the distance. "The downgrade will start from that direction and expand rapidly from there. I will take you as far away as possible."
Luo Zheng could not answer whether they could live or how long they could live, but everyone understood what he meant.
After experiencing countless tribulations, these people in Immortal Mansion were very calm.
Li Luoshui leaned on Luo Xiao's shoulder, glancing at Luo Zheng, Luo Nian, and Luo Yan one by one with a faint smile on her face.
Her enemies were all dead, and those who deserved to die were all dead. She had no more regrets in life. To be able to spend the last days of her life with her children and grandchildren was already a blessing from fate.
Hua Tianming, Gu Bei, and the others were also very calm.
"Alas, it's a pity that I still have a long-cherished wish," Fuxi said dejectedly.
"What is it?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"To break the Needle of Destiny!"
Fuxi said.
A long time ago, Fuxi was determined to end the descent of the End and become the Master of the End. However, the world was ever-changing, and the needle that descended at the end of this round of chaos was so powerful that the Immortal Realm could not resist it.
He understood that it was meaningless to break the Needle of Destiny now, but he could not let go of this obsession in his heart.
"I'll help you fulfill this wish," Luo Zheng said.
Fuxi waved his hand. "Forget it, I can't do it myself. It's meaningless …"
"No, you do it yourself."
After Luo Zheng finished speaking, he pointed his finger at Fuxi, and an endless amount of energy surged towards him.
As an Immortal Realm expert, Fuxi could not bear too much energy, but Luo Zheng strengthened Fuxi's body at the same time, so that the energy could be restrained in his body.
When the energy was almost enough, Luo Zheng moved the whole Immortal Mansion to a far distance and came to the front of the Needle of Destiny.
"Go, you can do it," Luo Zheng said.
Fuxi had never controlled such terrifying energy. This feeling of abundance could not be described in words. He felt that he could tear everything apart.
"Whoosh …"
He leaped up from the immortal abode and his figure flashed. In the blink of an eye, he arrived at the tip of the Needle of Destiny.
Fuxi first broke the tip of the needle, then took a few steps back. With a loud roar, all the strength in his body was unleashed from his fist.
Compared to the gigantic Needle of Destiny, Fuxi was like a speck of dust.
However, the power of this speck of dust caused the Needle of Destiny to shatter and collapse.
"Hua hua hua hua hua hua …"
The huge commotion caused by the Final Needle's collapse attracted the attention of Evil Deities. Evil Deities used Omniscience to investigate and snorted. "Boring operation …"
"Hahahaha, this feels so good!"
After returning to his immortal estate, Fuxi's face was filled with satisfaction. He was the only one in over a thousand chaos epochs who had been able to accomplish his lifelong dream. There was nothing happier than this.
Fuxi's optimism infected the others, and the originally gloomy atmosphere became cheerful. Fuxi even took out some good wine to share with everyone.
Luo Zheng quietly retreated, walked into a courtyard, and sat on a stone chair in the middle of the courtyard.
He activated Omniscience and saw that on the other side of the chaos world, Evil Deities was standing on the black ship, giving orders to two billion brains.
Because of Omniscience, Luo Zheng knew a lot about Evil Deities.
Evil Deities, this madman, had turned the mother world into two billion Saint Soul Realm brains.
Now, Evil Deities was still pinning their hopes on these two billion brains, hoping that these brains could come up with a solution to stop the Descent.
"Is there really no solution to the Descent?"
Luo Zheng asked again.
He had already confirmed this answer with Cong. The answer was verified all the way from Gao Ge's world, and it was very clear.
"According to past experience, there is indeed no solution," Cong's voice suddenly sounded.
"There's a hidden meaning in your words," Luo Zheng said.
Cong was silent for a while before continuing, "Experience is based on operating within the rules, but if something breaks the rules, experience can't be relied on."
"You're talking about Evil Deities?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Not only him, but also you," Cong replied.
When Cong saw Evil Deities using the energy of Gao Ge's world, it realized that something unusual had happened.
Then, Cong peeked into Luo Zheng's memories, trying to sort out the cause and effect.
"Evil Deities were born from your inner world. He is actually the embodiment of the negative emotions in the place where you were born. From this point of view, Evil Deities is actually a complete opposite of you," Cong said.
Luo Zheng nodded in agreement.
"I am one with Evil. I created Evil, but I can no longer contain him … Is your relationship with Evil Deities similar to mine and Evil?"
Cong said, "So the birth of you and Evil Deities is definitely not a coincidence."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng didn't think much of it, "There are many examples of such coincidences in the world."
"But Evil Deities can violate the basic rules and directly use the power of Gao Ge's world," Cong continued, "If I'm not wrong, you can also use the energy of Gao Ge's world."
"Haha …" Luo Zheng laughed and said self-deprecatingly, "I can even use the extreme state energy because of you. I can't understand the energy of Gao Ge's world, let alone use it."
"I give it to you, so you can understand it."
After Cong finished speaking, it injected a huge amount of memories into Luo Zheng's mind.
That was the sixth grid, the seventh grid, the eighth grid …
Field, Scale, Decoupling, Rubbing …
Until the construction method of the twelve-grid world's energy.
Cong was the same as Degraded. They controlled the energy of Gao Ge's world, but after Gao Ge's world was degraded, they couldn't use it anymore. The basic rules restricted them.
Luo Zheng closed his eyes and digested the memories in his mind.
After a short while, Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes.
There was a hint of uncontrollable excitement in his dark eyes.
He didn't know if he could find a way to stop the degradation. If he could, there would be a battle between him and Evil Deities.
If he only relied on the extreme state energy, he would lose without a doubt. He really needed to master a higher level of power.
"Energy … field."
Luo Zheng reached out his hand and gently rubbed his two fingers together. The energy slowly flowed.
"Hum …"
Traces of light blue energy slowly rotated, slowly forming a perfect ring structure, floating in front of Luo Zheng.
It was a brand new energy field.
"I … did it?"
Luo Zheng looked at the ring in disbelief.
"Continue," Cong ordered.
Luo Zheng released the "Scale", "Decoupling", "Rubbing", and so on. They were all completed smoothly.
"My judgment was correct," Cong said, "You and Evil Deities are both accidents born in this world, so you can ignore the basic rules."
"Accident born?
What do you mean? "
Luo Zheng's face was full of confusion.

Chapter 3897
Cong said, "Maybe you don't belong here."
"Don't belong here?
We were indeed born in this world, and so were the Evil Deities. "Luo Zheng was even more confused by this statement.
Luo Zheng was a human born in the Chaos World, a three-grid world. The Evil Deities were humans born in Luo Zheng's inner world. There was nothing special about their background. At most, it was a coincidence that Elder Xue, who went to the deep space, created all of this.
Now that Cong suddenly said such a thing, Luo Zheng was very surprised. He didn't know how Cong came to such a conclusion.
"I can't explain it." Cong shook its head.
Since descending from the thirteen-grid world, Cong had seen all kinds of strange civilizations.
There were civilizations with pure energy bodies, living beings with pure consciousness, and stone-like races like the Shengming.
But no matter how many changes there were, these living beings, races, and civilizations all followed the most basic rules.
There were no exceptions! This was also why Cong was unwilling to help Luo Zheng. It thought that struggling was meaningless.
But the means shown by the Evil Deities violated the rules, which made Cong have a new understanding.
The Evil Deities actually went beyond the rules! Cong had been thinking about this problem since just now, so it let Luo Zheng try. The result was as Cong expected. Luo Zheng had the same ability as the Evil Deities.
"From the higher grid world to the lower grid world, everything is under your control. Why is there something you can't explain?"
Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng could only be omniscient and omnipotent in his place of origin, but Cong was the master of the Perfect Place. Time, all matter, and energy were under its control. Now, he encountered something that even Cong couldn't explain. He couldn't figure it out.
Cong laughed for the first time. "Actually, there are many questions I can't answer. I don't know where I came from, I don't know who created the Perfect Place, and I don't know what exists outside the Perfect Place …" To the living beings of each grid world, Cong was the supreme existence, the omnipotent creator, and the core that ruled all rules.
All the living beings who were favored by Cong could find the answer from Cong. Cong was their guide.
But who would lead them?
It instinctively understood that demotion would be a devastating blow to it, but it could not predict what would happen when it was demoted to one grid. The demoter faced the same dilemma. He did not know what would happen when the world was demoted to one grid, but the mission of demotion seemed to be engraved in his bones, driving him to do so.
He continued, "Throughout the endless years, I have always hoped to find these answers. I have tried many times, and even after the eighth grid world suppressed 'Evil', I used up 99% of the energy in the eighth grid world to launch a powerful energy attack."
"What kind of powerful energy is that …" Luo Zheng said in fear.
"What's the point of being strong?
The world is still operating within the rules, and I am just a prisoner within the rules, "Cong said.
"Then now …" "Now that I've seen you surpass the rules, I see hope. The cage of the rules seems to have a crack." There was a hint of joy in Cong's voice.
At first, it was indifferent to Luo Zheng. In its eyes, Luo Zheng was just another "host" with no new ideas. But now, it showed great patience.
"Can surpassing the rules stop demotion?"
Luo Zheng's heart rekindled with hope.
"Maybe, maybe not," Cong replied.
Previously, Cong was very sure that demotion could not be stopped, but now it relaxed a little.
"What should I do?"
Luo Zheng asked again.
"Devour the Evil Deities," Cong suggested.
Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
"The Evil Deities took away something that should belong to you, and they need to take it back. When the time comes, I may be able to find a way to stop demotion," Cong said.
Luo Zheng's eyes showed hesitation. "I have the same power as him now. Devouring him won't be easy."
"He lacks experience in using high-level power, but I do, and I can give it to you." Cong smiled faintly.
Previously, Luo Zheng had the same power as the demoter, and both had extreme energy. However, Luo Zheng was at a disadvantage against the demoter because the demoter had rich experience.
If Cong also gave Luo Zheng its experience, he would have a great chance of winning against the Evil Deities.
Luo Zheng did not speak. Instead, he activated the power of omniscience … The Evil Deities did not pay attention to Holy Realm Mansion. He wanted to solve the demotion with all his strength.
He ordered the two billion brains to think of a solution. These brains originally thought that after the Evil Deities won, they would be free. They hoped that the Evil Deities would give them a new body or even freedom. When they heard that the world had begun to demote, they were furious. In order to live, they could only actively help the Evil Deities.
Being active was one thing, but when faced with an unsolvable problem, it was meaningless no matter how many brains they had.
Their initial plan was to let the Evil Deities freeze the Wall World.
The Evil Deities approached the demoted area and released a "cold" area. However, it did not work. It only left pieces of crystal-clear flat snowflakes in the expanded Wall World.
Next, the brains let the Evil Deities fill the Wall World with matter. The Evil Deities tried again. He created thousands of mountains and threw them into the Wall World. These mountains were crushed into grayish-brown flakes and fell into the Wall World.
The Evil Deities did not hesitate to create tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions, and even tens of thousands of mountains.
With the energy he had, there was no limit to the amount of matter he could create.
However, the power of demotion could also endlessly devour everything. The so-called filling the Wall World with matter was simply a false proposition.
One kind … two kinds … three kinds … The Evil Deities tried more than twenty methods in a row.
The demotion was still going on. The Wall World expanded even faster. It was already the size of a state in the mother world.
The Evil Deities looked at the accelerating expansion of the Wall World in a daze. The black light in the center of the Wall World burst into laughter. "You can break some rules, but demotion is not something you can stop. Let alone you, even 'Cong' can't stop it. What are you?"
"Cong?
Who is' Cong '? "
The Evil Deities asked.
"It is the existence that created me. It is also my opposite. It is omniscient and omnipotent. However, it still can't do anything about demotion," the Demoted One said.
The Evil Deities' eyes flashed. "Where is it?"
"Of course it is hiding in Luo Zheng's body. Hahaha …" The Demoted One deliberately provoked.
The Evil Deities was silent for a short while. Suddenly, he reached out and gently grasped. An energy circle appeared in his hand.
After he grasped the energy, his body suddenly disappeared. The next moment, he appeared in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. The energy circle in his hand immediately covered Luo Zheng's head.
Although the Evil Deities' attack was extremely sudden, Luo Zheng's reaction was not slow. He reached out and gently pinched the edge of the energy circle. The energy circle broke inch by inch.

Chapter 3898
Luo Zheng had been paying attention to Evil Deities ever since he activated the power of omniscience. He didn't miss a single word of the conversation between Evil Deities and the Deities.
When the Deities mentioned "Obey," Luo Zheng was on guard. He knew Evil Deities' nature very well.
Evil Deities knew that "Obey" was in Luo Zheng's body, so it was inevitable for them to attack. That was why Luo Zheng was able to react in an instant.
"Crack crack crack …" Evil Deities' eyes flashed with surprise when they saw their energy circle shatter.
On one hand, they were surprised that Luo Zheng reacted so quickly. On the other hand, the energy circle was a "control field". Luo Zheng shouldn't be able to resist the energy of the Six-Grid World.
However, Luo Zheng crushed the "control field" with a gentle pinch. It was unbelievable.
However, Evil Deities' surprise didn't last long. With his power of omniscience, the scene of Luo Zheng trying to resist the energy of the Six-Grid World appeared in his mind.
"Should we move to another place?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"No!"
Lightning flashed in one of Evil Deities' hands. It was two triangular plates flashing with lightning.
"Bright Thunder Scale!"
"Boom!"
When the palm struck, the lightning that erupted was a million times brighter than the sun.
The energy contained was enough to destroy the Mother World 300,000 times, not to mention this small Immortal Mansion and courtyard. Immortal Realm experts like Fuxi would be turned into dust by the lightning.
However, the moment the triangular plates hit Luo Zheng, a small "space scale" appeared in each of the four corners of the courtyard. All the energy of the Bright Thunder Scale was sealed in the courtyard.
The huge Immortal Mansion only shook slightly. Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others didn't notice it at all.
Seeing that Evil Deities were about to attack again, Luo Zheng reached out his hand and grabbed at the sky.
"Crash …" The black ship crashed into the side of the Immortal Mansion.
On the ship, Han Ge, Tongtian, Shentu, and Xiuzhu were still in shock. They stared blankly at Nuwa and the others in the Immortal Mansion.
"Move to another place?"
Luo Zheng asked provocatively.
"Threatening me?"
Evil Deities' eyes flashed with a dangerous light.
Luo Zheng grinned. "So what if I am?"
In the past, the Evil Deities didn't care about anything, but that might not be the case now.
The Evil Deities didn't say anything, but their figures gradually disappeared and instantly appeared on the other side of the Chaos.
Luo Zheng had the power of omniscience, so he naturally knew the location of the Evil Deities. He then appeared in front of the Evil Deities.
Within a hundred million miles of where they were, not even a speck of dust existed. It was a complete void.
"You won't be restricted here," Luo Zheng said.
Evil Deities was not in a hurry to make a move. He seemed to be thinking about something. After a while, he said, "I can spare your life. You just need to get Cong out and let me devour it. I will be able to find a way to break the curse from it."
Luo Zheng grinned as if he heard a joke. Just as he was about to retort, a ball of light emerged from between his eyebrows.
This ball of light was slow and gentle. Whether it was Luo Zheng or Evil Deities, they both felt as if they were bathed in a spring breeze.
"You definitely won't be able to find a way to degrade from me. On the contrary, if you merge with Luo Zheng, you might have a chance …" Cong's voice came from the ball of light. It wasn't angry at the offense of Evil Deities. Instead, it tried to persuade them.
"It seems like you guys have the same plan?"
Evil Deities asked.
"Yes," Cong replied.
"Then …" Evil Deities' eyes flashed sharply. "Let's rely on our own abilities!"
Before he finished speaking, Evil Deities waved his hand toward Luo Zheng. A blood-red "vine" whipped toward Luo Zheng. This was the ninth grid world's molten energy.
"Buzz …" Luo Zheng's figure disappeared at an extremely fast speed. He retreated more than a thousand miles away. However, Evil Deities could calculate Luo Zheng's position with their omniscient ability. When Luo Zheng moved, Evil Deities also moved.
Luo Zheng was also omniscient. Facing the blood-red vine, Luo Zheng used his molten energy to materialize a black longsword. He raised his hand and slashed at the vine.
"Whoosh —" The black sword slashed at the blood-red vine. A diamond-shaped light spot that spanned hundreds of thousands of miles shot out.
"Whoosh —" The black sword slashed at the blood-red vine for the second time. The two of them had already moved millions of miles away. Another huge diamond-shaped light spot exploded.
Evil Deities attacked, while Luo Zheng defended.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …" The two of them clashed more and more frequently. The diamond-shaped light spots increased in number.
Within three breaths, the two of them had already exchanged tens of thousands of blows. They had also crossed hundreds of millions of miles of space. The huge diamond-shaped light spots became a distant background. They looked like tiny needles.
"Where did your power come from?"
Evil Deities asked while attacking fiercely.
"So what if it is?"
Luo Zheng retorted.
"Even if you have the power of the Higher Grid World, you are still … weak!"
Evil Deities said. He gently retracted the blood-red vine in his hand. At the same time, Evil Deities released a chill. Ice threads that were as fine as hair curled toward Luo Zheng's head. He used "Cold Form" again.
Faced with the chill, Luo Zheng felt as if all the blood in his body was about to solidify.
However, at the same time that Evil Deities used "Cold Form", Luo Zheng's eyes were burning with raging flames. It was the "Fire Form" of the Ten Grid World.
"Whoosh …" The flames produced by the Fire Form were extremely ordinary. They were like the open flames of ordinary wood.
However, with a gentle sweep of the open flame, the ice threads were completely burned away.
Evil Deities frowned slightly at this scene.
Luo Zheng had been passively defending.
However, no matter what kind of energy the Evil God used, Luo Zheng was able to easily break through it in an extremely short period of time. This gave him a bad feeling. It was a feeling of being seen through.
"Continue," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Evil Deities made up his mind. An even more terrifying energy emerged.
Thick and heavy scales emerged from his body, covering his entire body tightly.
The scales created by the Ghost Hand Clan's "Energy Frequency" were the strongest armor. After putting on this layer of armor, Evil Deities rushed toward Luo Zheng again.
"Break!"
Luo Zheng's index finger and thumb intersected, and a small square appeared in the middle.
"Bang!"
The small cube exploded with a loud bang, and the armor covering the Evil God's body also exploded.
Just as Luo Zheng succeeded, Evil Deities suddenly laughed loudly. Evil Deities appeared above Luo Zheng's head, and a long spear was pressed against Luo Zheng's forehead.
The long spear was formed by "Destruction Scorch". As the strongest destructive force in the Twelve Grid World, nothing in the world could block this spear.
"Die!"
When Evil Deities stabbed down with his spear, the "Confinement Field" at the edge of the Chaotic World disappeared.
As long as the Confinement Field was still there, the Mother World was still there. Evil Deities and Luo Zheng were omniscient and omnipotent. They could be reborn infinitely. Killing them was meaningless.
In order to kill Luo Zheng, he could only remove the Confinement Field and destroy the Land of Origin.
When the Confinement Field was removed, Evil Deities' long spear pierced through Luo Zheng's forehead.

Chapter 3899
Evil Deities' eyes glowed with excitement.
The long spear formed by the destructive coke pierced Luo Zheng's head and pierced through Luo Zheng's body without any resistance.
At the same time that he killed Luo Zheng, Evil Deities released a "creation coke" at the same time, forming a star-shaped cage that trapped Luo Zheng's broken body.
Of course, what he wanted to trap wasn't Luo Zheng's body, but the "cong" residing in the body.
"Buzz buzz buzz …" A glowing sphere drilled out of Luo Zheng's body.
This sphere crazily crashed into the star-shaped cage, but the cage created by the "creation coke" was very special. It actually trapped the "cong" inside.
The Evil God slowly descended to the side of the cage. He sized up the mysterious sphere with a satisfied look on his face.
"Although there are only two types of energy in the Twelve Grid Worlds, the creation coke and the destruction coke, it can actually be used in a myriad of ways. This cage is a magical ability that my two billion brothers came up with. It's just right to trap you," Evil Deities said.
"This is a star-shaped cage, and it can maximize the advantages of the creation coke. You've only mastered the energy for a short time, and you've already comprehended it?"
"My talent is unimaginable," Evil Deities said with a hint of pride. "You won't regret being devoured by me. Contribute everything you have!"
"In your dreams!"
The cong's voice carried a hint of grief and anger, and it crazily crashed into the star-shaped cage.
But no matter how it crashed, the star-shaped cage didn't budge.
"A meaningless struggle …" Evil Deities said as he raised his hand slightly. The star-shaped cage began to shrink, leaving less and less space for the cong. Finally, the cong was completely trapped.
"I heard that you're the existence that created the Degenerate, and also the highest level of dominator. You're too stupid to walk into this kind of situation with such great power. It's a waste to leave such power in your hands …" Evil Deities said as he stretched out his hand.
His fingers turned into thin strands of noodle, and these strands drilled into the glowing sphere.
"You'll regret this!
"No one can devour me … You are courting death!"
It roared crazily.
Evil Deities chuckled. "You and the so-called Downgraded One are really a pair. Incompetent Fury!"
"Hua!"
The noodle like filaments crazily absorbed from it.
The ball of light dimmed at a speed visible to the naked eye, and the sound from it grew weaker and weaker until it finally disappeared completely.
Evil Deities, who had completely absorbed Conserve, slowly opened his eyes. There was a trace of joy on his face that could not be concealed. The next moment, he had arrived at the center of the Chaotic World. He stood on a high place and looked down at the black light below.
Because of the downgrading of the world, the top and bottom of the Wall World had a very strong traction force, but this traction force couldn't pull the Evil Deities.
"You have already failed twenty-six times, and you still want to fail twenty-seven times?"
The demoted person asked.
He had already broken free from the cold shackles of the Evil Deities, but he knew that he was no match for the Evil Deities, so he simply hid in the black light and waited for the world to completely descend.
"How do you know if you don't try?"
Evil Deities said casually.
"Once the descent has begun, there is no possibility of reversing it, hahaha …" The demoted person in the black light sneered again.
Evil Deities was in a good mood and did not care about the ridicule of the demoted person. Instead, he said, "I don't need to reverse the descent, I just need to make it stop!"
"Whoosh …" Evil Deities suddenly raised his hand, and the whole world turned into a world of ice and snow.
Hundreds of millions of huge ice crystals swarmed into the Giant Wall World.
At first, the Wall World could still crazily devour these ice crystals, but as the number of ice crystals increased, the Wall World gradually stopped and finally completely solidified.
"How is this possible …" The demoted person in the black light said in disbelief.
"Impossible!"
"Feng!"
The demoted person broke out the Xin Huo Extreme State and wanted to melt the frozen Wall World. But as soon as he moved, he felt a chill rush into the black light. He was once again suppressed by Evil Deities.
"It's over …" Evil Deities looked down at the black light and the Wall World that was no longer expanding, but there was a faint feeling of discomfort in his heart.
Everything had gone too smoothly, so smoothly that it was somewhat unreal.
His figure flashed and he was already above Immortal Mansion. The black ship that was dragged over by Luo Zheng and smashed into Immortal Mansion was already half destroyed.
But the original body of the black ship was the old captain. The whole ship was repaired by the old captain and floated in the air again.
Immortal Mansion and the black ship did not make a move. They just kept a certain distance and looked at each other from a distance. They could see the vigilance on each other's faces.
"Phew …" When Evil Deities appeared on the deck of the black ship, Xiuzhu, Shentu, Tongtian, and Han Ge all breathed a sigh of relief.
In Immortal Mansion, Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others' faces became very ugly.
"What happened to Luo Zheng!"
Nuwa asked loudly.
"Only one of us can live," Evil Deities smiled with his hands behind his back.
As soon as these words came out, everyone in Immortal Mansion looked sad. Some people in Immortal Mansion wanted to rush to the black ship, but Evil Deities just glanced at them and they fell to the ground, unable to move.
Evil Deities was now the absolute ruler. Even the Degraded couldn't resist, let alone the mere humans in Immortal Mansion.
"Die, all of you," Evil Deities raised his hand and was about to crush everyone in Immortal Mansion.
But Xiuzhu stopped him. "Husband, this world is too desolate. Don't kill anymore …" There was nothing in the Chaotic World, only an endless void. Xiuzhu didn't like this kind of world very much.
The Evil God smiled faintly. "Since Xiuzhu is pleading for mercy on your behalf, then I will spare their lives. However, this world is truly too desolate, so I …" As he spoke, he stretched out his hands and wiped them across his face.
A blue sky appeared … and the earth stretched out endlessly. Mountains, rivers, valleys, and basins.
Towering city walls, pavilions, and streets were constantly being created.
"Come!"
"Hua …" The originally empty city was now a boiling cauldron of voices. The originally desolate world suddenly changed.
"Come with me!"
Evil Deities grabbed Xiuzhu's hand and stood in the air above the city.
When the people below saw Evil Deities descending, they all prostrated themselves on the ground and kowtowed.
Evil Deities had seen this scene when he was very young. Those people worshipped Luo Zheng as the Creator.
Now that he had killed Luo Zheng, he finally had such a position.
"Where is our home?"
Xiuzhu snuggled in Evil Deities' arms and asked.
"There …" Evil Deities looked ahead.
At the top of a large snowy mountain, there was a unique courtyard.
After the Evil God brought Xiu Zhu into the courtyard, he felt very calm. His entire being was surrounded by a relaxed mood. He was so lazy that he did not want to move.
"Sleep," Xiuzhu said gently.
Her voice seemed to be able to hypnotize him. Unknowingly, Evil Deities was lying on the bed and slowly closed his eyes.
But the moment he closed his eyes, his eyes suddenly widened in anger. A chill ran down his spine.

Chapter 3900
"Xiuzhu," Evil Deities called out.
"Husband, what's the matter?"
Xiuzhu asked softly.
There was a faint smile on her fair and pretty face, giving her a unique charm.
"Do you remember that I told you that once this world settled down, we would live in seclusion?"
Evil Deities asked.
Xiuzhu nodded. "I remember. You liked to live in seclusion back in the Creator's Inner World, so we …"
Evil Deities grabbed Xiuzhu's neck, and flames spewed out from his hand.
Xiuzhu's flesh was instantly burned away, leaving only white bones behind. The white bones let out a whimper and grabbed Evil Deities by the neck.
"Hmph! Break! "
Evil Deities roared.
Endless lightning shot out from his eyes.
The lightning was like the sharpest scissors, cutting everything it touched into pieces.
A unique courtyard … blue sky, earth, city … When this world collapsed, Evil Deities found himself wrapped in a translucent egg membrane, while Luo Zheng was outside.
"You trapped me in an illusion?"
Evil Deities asked coldly.
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. "I failed at the last step. I was discovered."
This was the plan given by 'Descent'.
No matter how high one's energy level was, it was easy to fall into an illusion. This was the same reason why the Deities trapped Luo Zheng with their extreme state of mind.
Cong's method of suppressing the Downtrodden was, in fact, to create a huge illusion to trap the Downtrodden.
However, Evil Deities' instincts were extremely powerful.
He grew up in a cruel environment, absorbing all the negative emotions in Luo Zheng's Inner World.
Cruelty was his companion, and slaughter was his beauty.
This Inner World didn't conform to Evil Deities' understanding at all, which was why Evil Deities was able to easily see through it.
The entire illusion only lasted for a moment, but it put Evil Deities in an extremely dangerous situation. Every hair on his body stood on end.
"You're courting death!"
Evil Deities reached out and grabbed Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng dodged and moved back more than a thousand feet. Unexpectedly, Evil Deities also reached out and grabbed Luo Zheng.
"Swoosh …" A powerful spatial force supported the two of them. In the next moment, the two of them were above the Inner World. Evil Deities pressed Luo Zheng into the Inner World.
"Ka Ka Ka …" Luo Zheng's feet were quickly degraded as soon as they came into contact with the wall. They were crushed into pieces of flesh and blood by the wall.
Then his legs, abdomen, chest … Seeing that his whole body was pressed into the Inner World, Luo Zheng struggled fiercely and grabbed with his backhand. Evil Deities and Evil Deities were pressed into the Inner World.
"Crack Crack Crack …" Evil Deities's body was strengthened by the energy frequency. The process of the Inner World's Inner World's Inner World's Inner World was even more intense.
In a breath, Evil Deities's body was only left with a head.
"Buzz!"
The energy of the Inner World's Inner World burst out again.
At this critical moment, Evil Deities's head grew a neck, then a body, arms, legs … While growing a new body, he punched Luo Zheng's chest. The power of this punch separated the two of them.
After breaking away from Luo Zheng's hands, Evil Deities was able to stand firm. He held his head with both hands and gently pinched and removed it. Only then did he put his head back on his neck.
Luo Zheng also took this opportunity to restore his missing lower body.
"Awesome!"
"As expected of my lifelong enemy!"
"Again!"
The eyes of Evil Deities glowed with a light unique to beasts.
After leaving Luo Zheng's Inner World, Evil Deities faced a more challenging world. In the Mother World and the Nirvana World, he had encountered all kinds of opponents, but none of them were as difficult to deal with as Luo Zheng! In the eyes of Evil Deities, only Luo Zheng was qualified to be his opponent. Even the Degraded One and the Concubines were not qualified.
"Phew …" Evil Deities rushed towards Luo Zheng again.
In the face of Evil Deities' attacks, Luo Zheng didn't dodge. This was a tough battle that he couldn't avoid.
If Evil Deities were another version of himself, then he must defeat himself now! While being held down by Evil Deities, Luo Zheng's body moved like a loach. After making an arc in the air, he kicked Evil Deities into the Wall World.
"Crack crack crack …" One of Evil Deities' legs was degraded, but he still dragged Luo Zheng and dragged Luo Zheng into the Wall World.
The two of them seemed to be fighting bare-handed in a vast snowfield. Their bodies disappeared as soon as they touched the snowline. The difference was that the snowline was a deadly Wall World.
However, once they left the Wall World, their bodies recovered again. The speed of recovery was faster than the naked eye could see.
If Fuxi, Tongtian, and the other Immortal Realm experts were watching this battle, they would think that they were never hurt … "Crack crack crack, crack crack crack …" The two of them were rolling and crawling on the Wall World.
For a while, the right half of Luo Zheng's body disappeared, leaving only the other half. For a while, Evil Deities' upper body was degraded, leaving only his legs and the lower half of his body. In the worst case, Luo Zheng only had half of his skull left, while Evil Deities only had one finger left! Fortunately, the strength of the two of them had broken away from the structure of their bodies. Even their Dantian didn't exist. As long as a part of their body was still there, they could recover in an instant.
While they were fighting, a large number of hands, feet, legs, bodies, and even heads were pushed into the Wall World. Large pieces of flesh and blood were left on the Wall World. It was a horrifying sight.
The Degraded One who was hiding in the black light silently watched the battle. He didn't expect the battle between Luo Zheng and Evil Deities to be so fierce. They even used the Wall World as weapons.
Originally, the Degraded One didn't want to participate in this battle. Anyway, the Degraded One had already started. He just needed to wait.
However, the two of them were rolling around on the Wall World as if they didn't take the Degraded One seriously.
"Since the two of you are fighting so fiercely, why don't you … die together!"
The Degraded One seized an opportunity and suddenly appeared above the two of them. The extreme state energy that he had been accumulating for a long time suddenly erupted.
"Phew …" According to the Degraded One's plan, the extreme state energy was enough to push the two of them into the Wall World.
However, when the extreme state energy was released, the two of them didn't move at all! Luo Zheng and Evil Deities seemed to be fighting in the most primitive way. In fact, they were taking turns to use the Creation Scorch and the Destruction Scorch. They had the strongest bodies and the most destructive power. The difference between the extreme state energy was too big.
"Get lost!"
Evil Deities punched back. The once arrogant Degraded One had half of his body blown away.
Luo Zheng flipped in the air, and a "Friction Energy" appeared on his fingertips and whipped the remaining half of the Degraded One's body. The Degraded One didn't even have a chance to intervene before he was dealt with by the two of them.
Luo Zheng and Evil Deities didn't stop at all and continued to fight.

Chapter 3901
"Hum …"
The Fallen One was reborn in the black light.
The iconic six pairs of compound eyes flashed with purple light, representing the emotion of confusion.
He suddenly found that the world was different from what he imagined.
From the higher world to the lower world, his only opponent was "Cong", how did these two suddenly appear?
"No matter how strong you are, so what?
In the end, you can't escape the fate of ashes! "
The Fallen One could only hide in the black light and hatefully say.
The battle between Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities continued, while the Wall World was rapidly expanding.
From the size of ten provinces to the size of the mother world, it only took half an hour, and the expansion speed was getting faster and faster …
"Hum!"
The Evil Deities finally got tired of this kind of hand-to-hand combat where the winner couldn't be determined.
He suddenly soared into the sky, jumping to a height of ten million feet, countless thoughts flashing in his mind.
Huge runes appeared at the top of the Chaotic World, and from the runes came down 100,000 thunder dragons in the form of energy.
"Hua hua hua …"
Each thunder dragon was ten thousand times stronger than the Final Needle, just the energy aura of the thunder dragons was enough to destroy everything in the Chaotic World.
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly, waving in the direction of the Immortal Mansion, and the Immortal Mansion opened a shield. Without this shield, the energy aura alone was enough to make the Immortal Mansion disappear.
After finishing this preparation work, Luo Zheng stretched out a finger towards the sky.
"Destruction Scorch!"
The Evil Deities used the "Creation Scorch" to create these terrible thunder dragons, and Luo Zheng used the Destruction Scorch to fight them.
The Destruction Scorch created gray needles that went straight to the thunder dragons.
Each needle was only the length of a little finger, no different from an embroidery needle, but the power contained in these embroidery needles was no less than that of the thunder dragons. The embroidery needles entered the thunder dragons, and in an instant, the thunder dragons disappeared. These frightening thunder dragons couldn't withstand a single blow.
"These attacks are futile. If you are willing to return to my body, maybe you can find a way to break it. Otherwise, the world will be destroyed, and there will be no more chance," Luo Zheng persuaded in a low voice.
Luo Zheng's voice was very soft, but the entire Chaotic World heard it clearly.
The people in the immortal mansion and the black ship that fell into the immortal mansion naturally heard everything clearly.
"What's in your hands is an opportunity, and what's in your hands is regret!"
With the character of Evil Deities, how could he give up such an opportunity? He smiled coldly, and more thunder dragons descended from the dome of the Chaos World and went straight to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng stood where he was without moving. He still shot out countless embroidery needles, dissolving the lightning dragons one by one.
The confrontation between "creation" and "destruction" continued for a while.
When Luo Zheng released the embroidery needle again and again, he felt something different. His eyes flashed slightly. After communicating with Cong for a while, he moved in another direction of the Chaos.
"Escape?"
Evil Deities were stunned.
Although he didn't understand Luo Zheng's behavior, he still followed him. His figure flashed, and he actually chased him all the way to the edge of the Chaotic World.
Luo Zheng leaned against the inner wall of the Chaotic World, his face full of calmness.
"What's the point of running here?"
Evil Deities mocked.
"I can kill you here," Luo Zheng replied.
The sinister eyes of the Evil God were filled with interest. "Kill me?
I'd like to know what means you'll use … "
His previous trick of swallowing Evil Deities with the illusion had been seen through, so he couldn't use this trick a second time.
In the case of equal strength and means, they really couldn't do anything to each other.
"I'll show you right away!"
Luo Zheng waved his hand, and the energy in the void was quickly extracted.
Balls of energy as distant as the sun were controlled by Luo Zheng. These energy flows turned into golden dragons, and gathered toward Evil Deities from all directions. The scale of these golden dragons was unprecedentedly large, and there could be as many as a million of them!
"Creation Scorch?
Is this how you'll kill me? "
Evil Deities's face was full of disdain. He began to use the "Destruction Scorch".
It was still the same confrontation as before, but the roles were switched.
But the moment Evil Deities used the "Destruction Scorch", his face changed dramatically.
"Why?"
Evil Deities roared in confusion.
Luo Zheng looked at Evil Deities' panicked appearance with a smile on his face.
During the confrontation with Evil Deities, Luo Zheng kept releasing the "Destruction Scorch" Embroidery Needle. During the process, he noticed some subtle energy holes.
Energy exists in two forms, one visible and the other invisible.
Visible energy included energy bodies like the "Thunder Dragon" and the "Embroidery Needle", as well as all energy solidified substances. The invisible energy existed in the void, and could be called dark energy. Dark energy flowed slowly in the void like water.
When Luo Zheng used the "Creation Scorch" to create the Thunder Dragon, the dark energy in a certain area would be used in large quantities, and this area would form an energy depression, and the surrounding energy would flow toward this depression.
But the flow of dark energy had speed.
When the flow speed wasn't enough, it would form a temporary energy-free space in the energy depression.
This was the real void, a void where even dark energy didn't exist!
Although such a "hole" would only exist for a short time, and the moment it appeared, it would be filled by the surrounding dark energy. But Luo Zheng saw an opportunity to defeat Evil Deities.
Luo Zheng used the maximum amount of energy to create millions of golden dragons. His purpose wasn't to kill Evil Deities, but to create an energy void that surrounded Evil Deities.
In this void, Evil Deities could no longer use dark energy, and their source was cut off.
Although external energy couldn't be used, Evil Deities still had a lot of energy left in their bodies. Knowing that something was wrong, he immediately used the Space Diversion.
"Hum …"
Evil Deities' figure quickly became blurry. Just as it was about to disappear from this area, a stable space appeared in this area.
"Bang!"
Evil Deities crashed into the square space and staggered back. The Space Diversion failed.
"Again!"
Evil Deities gritted its teeth and roared, using all the energy in its body to perform the Space Diversion.
"Boom!"
Its limited power couldn't shake the square space.
"Don't waste your energy. You know very well that you can't escape." Luo Zheng slowly floated down.
Using the flow of energy to deal with Evil Deities. This was a move that even Luo Zheng had never thought of, but it was surprisingly effective.
Evil Deities lowered its head and was silent for a while. Suddenly, it looked up and laughed. "Haha, what an unexpected move. You almost defeated me. You're the only person I admire. Unfortunately …"
"Unfortunately what?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"It's a pity that I lost a finger …"
Evil Deities said with an evil smile. He raised his broken index finger and waved it at Luo Zheng. Then, his body collapsed on its own.
In another part of the Chaotic World, an index finger grew rapidly. It grew a complete hand, arm, body, and then a head and limbs.
This was another complete Evil Deities.

Chapter 3902
Just now, when he was chasing Luo Zheng all the way, he felt that something was wrong.
This kind of intuition had always been very accurate, although he was not sure what killing move Luo Zheng would use.
In the process of space shifting, he quietly cut off one of his fingers and threw it in the void. It was this action that saved his life.
"Hum …" The space not far away fluctuated like water.
Luo Zheng slowly stepped out of the fluctuation. He frowned and looked a little gloomy. He did not have much time left.
Evil Deities grinned. "It's not that easy to kill me."
"I just want you to return to me," Luo Zheng said in a low voice.
"Why don't you use the move just now on the Descender? The Descender should be able to stop the Wall World from expanding when he loses his energy," Evil Deities replied.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "The Descender doesn't need energy."
He had previously asked Cong for confirmation. Cong told Luo Zheng that the reason why the Descender could not be stopped was because it was the embodiment of the rules and had nothing to do with energy.
"Do you still want to fight?"
Evil Deities asked again.
"I'll keep you company," Luo Zheng said expressionlessly.
The endless energy began to flow again. Now both of them had the energy to stop the flow of energy and tried to throw each other into the energy hole.
But for existences like Evil Deities and Luo Zheng, once they understood the principle, it was impossible for them to fall into the hole. This method was bound to fail.
More importantly, both of them were aware of the threat of the energy hole. They only needed to take advantage of the other's unpreparedness to peel off parts of their bodies and quietly place them in various corners of the chaotic world.
After Evil Deities removed the restraining field, both of them lost the power of omniscience. It was difficult for them to notice these insignificant parts. How could they kill them?
The battle between the two sides did not last too long. After the time it took to burn a stick of incense, the Wall World had expanded to the size of a hundred mother worlds.
After the time it took to burn three sticks of incense, the Wall World had expanded to one-tenth the size of the chaotic world.
After the time it took to burn five sticks of incense, the Wall World had occupied one-third of the chaotic world! The Descender moved at an accelerated speed. The speed of expansion was beyond the estimation of Luo Zheng and Evil Deities.
In the immortal abode, Fuxi was already dead drunk. With his cultivation level, it was impossible for him to get drunk. He had purposely put himself in this state.
Nuwa, Hua Tianming, Ku Shu, and the others who had lost their physical bodies were paying attention to the movements in the Chaotic World. The battle between Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities had caused too much noise.
Even though they were separated by more than half of the Chaotic World, they could still feel the remaining power. If it weren't for the protection of the Immortal Mansion and the black ship, the people inside would have died thousands of times.
"Look! What's that over there? "
Luo Zheng suddenly pointed to the west.
Everyone looked in the direction he was pointing and saw an azure arc in their line of sight. This arc was approaching at a very fast speed.
The Giant Wall World itself was absolutely transparent. It was like a piece of colorless ice. Only when something was pressed into the Giant Wall World would it show strange shapes. However, when the three-grid world turned into the Giant Wall World, it would tear and crush the space. That was why people could see the blue arc. It was the light released when the space was broken.
"It's the Giant Wall World! It's so fast!"
Nuwa was surprised.
Luo Zheng had reminded them that the world had started an irreversible degradation, but at that time, the scope of the degradation was very small. They always thought that it would take a while, but they never thought that the speed would be so fast.
"Late or early, it's bound to happen. We can't escape …" Fuxi leaned against the wall and said drunkenly.
Nuwa frowned slightly and reached out to Fuxi. His drunkenness disappeared without a trace. Even if he had reached the point where he couldn't work hard, she didn't want to hear Fuxi's discouraging words.
The azure arc was getting closer and closer to them. Ten million miles, five million miles, one million miles … With the current speed of the arc, it would only take a blink of an eye to cross a million miles.
"Retreat!"
At this time, Luo Zheng's voice suddenly sounded.
The Immortal Mansion began to move.
The Immortal Mansion flew all the way to the east, always keeping a certain distance from the azure arc.
The same was true for the black ship not far from the Immortal Mansion.
Tongtian and the others naturally also saw the rapidly approaching azure arc. The old captain drove the black ship to the east for the first time, but how could the speed of the black ship escape the speed of the degradation?
Seeing that the black ship was about to be overtaken by the Wall World, the Evil Deities also appeared on the deck of the black ship. The black ship's speed immediately increased and began to quickly leave the Wall World … "According to the current speed of the expansion of the Wall World, there is about an incense time left," Luo Zheng said to the crowd.
"That means we can live for an incense time?"
Hua Tianming asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head, "No, I will take you out of the chaotic world to avoid the degradation."
"How long can we avoid it?"
Luo Xiao asked.
Luo Zheng said truthfully after a little calculation in his heart, "Not too long, probably only three or four hours …" Although the Xuanliang world was countless times larger than the chaotic world, the Wall World was expanding at an accelerated speed. No matter how large the world was, it could be swallowed and degraded in a short time.
When the others heard this answer, their hearts slightly tightened, followed by a kind of relief.
Previously, they were worried about how long they could live. Now that they got a definite answer, the last bit of anxiety disappeared.
"Senior Ku Shu will fall earlier," Luo Zheng looked at Ku Shu and said.
After the chaotic world was degraded, the Nirvana Realm would no longer exist. The coordinates of Ku Shu in the Nirvana Realm would also be degraded, and Ku Shu's treacherous body would naturally collapse.
In contrast, Wen Dizhi and Ling Shuang were luckier. They were living people and had no coordinates. They had to rely on the Ring of Descent to descend from the Nirvana Realm. Luo Zheng only needed to provide energy to the Ring of Descent.
Ku Shu looked very calm. He touched Ling Shuang's hair, "Father has to go first."
"Father!"
Ling Shuang's eyes were full of tears.
"Husband! I will follow you right away! "
Yuzhi's face was full of reluctance.
Ku Shu nodded with a smile. There was no sadness on his face. For him, this was not an unacceptable ending.
"Drink up!"
Fuxi took out a wine pot and shook it in front of everyone.
Hua Tianming, who did not touch a drop of wine, suddenly got up. He walked over to Fuxi and took the wine pot. He raised his head and took a big gulp. Then he silently retreated to one side and sat down cross-legged.
Wen Dizhi also walked over and took the wine pot.
Next was Gu Bei, Luo Xiao … Thirty minutes passed.
The Wall World had expanded to the edge of the chaotic world. Immortal Mansion naturally also came to the edge. Luo Zheng raised his hand and blasted a palm at the inner wall of the chaotic world.
"Boom!"
A big hole broke open in the inner wall of the chaotic world. Immortal Mansion directly rushed in through the hole and immediately entered the Xuan Liang World.
Most of the people in Immortal Mansion directly fell into a state of confusion. They only felt that they saw infinite light spots and could not distinguish anything.
Luo Zheng gently patted them, urging them to undergo soul lattice reincarnation. Only then did the Xuan Liang World appear clearly in front of them.

Chapter 3903
The group of people in the chaos successfully integrated into the Xuanliang World, but the situation was different for the creatures from the four-grid world.
Ku Shu's eyes were full of enthusiasm, he gazed deeply at everything here, and the glorious scenes of the Four Spirit Gates appeared in his heart.
He only took a glance, and before he could exclaim, the Treacherous Body began to solidify, and then it began to collapse, turning into dust and dissipating.
Just as Luo Zheng said, after the chaos world was downgraded, the Nirvana World was not spared.
Although the Human Spirits in the Great Guessing Manor hid to the highest point, they only delayed it for a few breaths.
Yuzhi held the Human Spirit King's hand tightly, but in the end, she only caught a handful of dust.
Her eyes dimmed slightly, she gently raised her hand and opened her palm, letting the dust drift away.
According to the rules, Yuzhi, Wen Dizhi, and the others would be obliterated by the power left behind by the downgraded ones when they returned to the Xuanliang World.
Yuzhi and Wen Dizhi could not resist this power, but it was a piece of cake for the current Luo Zheng.
When the obliterating power rushed towards Yuzhi and Wen Dizhi, a faint light film appeared above the Immortal Mansion, easily resisting it. Then Wen Dizhi asked, "Luo Zheng, can you go to the Four Saint Pillars?"
The Four Saint Pillars was once the headquarters of the Four Spirit Gates, Wen Dizhi had dreamed of his hometown countless times, and in his last moments, he had the desire to go home.
At the last moment, Luo Zheng would grant the wishes of the people in the Immortal Mansion, he immediately nodded, "Of course."
"Whoosh …" The Immortal Mansion increased its speed and flew towards the Four Saint Pillars.
The black ship rushed out of the chaos world from the other side.
Although the Evil Deities did not know about the "Soul Lattice Reincarnation", he was a little confused when he saw the stars in the sky when he first entered the main world. But after all, he controlled all the energy and reacted quickly, he figured out the method of Soul Lattice Reincarnation in an instant, and used it on himself, Xiuzhu, Shen Tu, Tongtian, and the old captain.
Han Ge's coordinates were also left in the Nirvana World, although it was hidden very well, the entire Nirvana World was downgraded, how could he be spared?
When Tongtian and the others saw everything in front of them, Han Ge had already turned into ashes.
"Husband, where are we going?"
Xiuzhu asked.
"I don't know." Evil Deities was a little annoyed.
After the entire Chaotic World was downgraded, the Wall World was still expanding at a very high speed. The rocks, woods, mountains, rivers, and sub-worlds were swallowed up and squeezed by the Wall World, turning into a paste like painting … The four-grid world was not small, but it had an end. It was useless to hide anywhere. Evil Deities was annoyed, but they could not think of a solution.
It was meaningless to fight with Luo Zheng. Degenerates couldn't be killed, and the expansion of the Giant Wall World couldn't be reversed. It was a hopeless situation! "No, there must be a way to break it … It's just that I haven't found the right way!"
"…" Evil Deities paced back and forth on the black ship's deck. Suddenly, a cold hand held him. Evil Deities looked up and saw Xiuzhu smiling at him. "Don't worry. I've never seen you like this. You didn't even act like this when facing the creator."
"That's because Luo Zheng still has flaws. He's soft-hearted, so I can always seize the opportunity. But now I can't find any way to break the current situation!"
Evil Deities said with a frown. He was like a caged beast, exuding a restless aura. Shen Tu, the old captain, and Tongtian didn't even dare to speak.
Xiuzhu said gently, "Not every situation can be solved. Maybe you really can't resist the downgrade?"
Evil Deities' mind was spinning rapidly. He was still thinking about various solutions, but when he heard Xiuzhu's words, his eyes widened and his whole body froze.
"I really can't resist …" Evil Deities lowered his head.
"We can accept this situation," Xiuzhu still smiled and comforted him. She didn't want to see Evil Deities so distressed. If there were only a few hours left to live, she hoped that Evil Deities could live happily.
"But I can't!"
Evil Deities' eyes flashed with a murderous aura.
Seeing Evil Deities like this, Xiuzhu bit her lips, lowered her eyes, and sighed softly.
This kind of situation was inevitable, whether they accepted it or not.
The Wall World began to expand rapidly in the Main World. Because the expansion speed was too fast, the creatures living in the Main World could only see a blue arc. They were pressed into the Wall World before they could even scream. They became a mass of flesh and blood that could not be distinguished.
Villages, tribes, and even some sparse cities that were just born could not escape the fate of being swallowed. In two hours, the Wall World had been reduced to one-tenth of the Main World.
The four Holy Pillars were still standing on the ground. Four Chains of Time linked them together, and in the center of the link was the Eternal Divine Court.
"Whoosh …" The huge Immortal Mansion slowly approached the Eternal Divine Court.
Wen Dizhi jumped out of the Immortal Mansion and stood in the center of the courtyard, his face full of excitement! "What a pity, what a pity that I came back alone. My brothers have no chance to see it!"
Wen Dizhi thought of the brothers of the Great Guessing Residence being annihilated in the Wall World, and his heart was filled with sorrow.
"I'm sure they'll be glad to know that you're back," Luo Zheng said.
Wen Dizhi nodded, "Unfortunately, we can't stay here for long."
Luo Zheng looked back into the distance. In the distance, there was a thin blue line that spread like a burning mountain fire.
"We can stay for another hour."
After an hour … the Wall World had been reduced to ninety percent of the Main World.
Immortal Mansion began to rise vertically. Luo Zheng's goal was to retreat into the deep space.
Previously, Luo Nian went to the deep space through the transmission array at the top of the Eternal Divine Court. Luo Zheng naturally did not need to do so. With his ability, he could directly fly up with Immortal Mansion.
After entering the deep space, Luo Zheng once again released the soul lattice reincarnation to the people of Immortal Mansion so that they could adapt to the environment of the fifth grid world.
After reaching the deep space, with Luo Nian's guidance, they flew toward the southwest of Skywheel City and finally stopped in front of a huge stratum.
The arrival of the immortal abode attracted the attention of the Hun tribe below. The Hun tribe members shouted loudly and drew out a white-haired old man. This was Elder Xue.
Elder Xue saw the sudden appearance of Immortal Mansion and had a premonition in his heart.
Soon, several figures flew out from Immortal Mansion. He recognized one of the familiar figures. It was Luo Nian! And he also recognized the other figure! "Mansion, mansion master!"
Elder Xue's voice trembled.
Wen Dizhi strode forward and stretched out his hands to support Elder Xue, saying, "I'm ashamed, I'm ashamed."
In the past, because of the dispute over the route, Wen Dizhi strongly opposed to going to the deep space, but Elder Xue stubbornly proved that his choice was right.

Chapter 3904
When Elder Xue sent Luo Nian away, he was very disappointed.
Unfortunately, he couldn't return to the main world, so he didn't have the chance to meet his old friends.
But there was a hope in his heart that Luo Nian could bring people here. He didn't expect his hope to come true in such a short time.
"We are all loyal to the Four Spirits Sect, but we have different opinions. Master, why should you feel guilty?"
Elder Xue waved his hand.
Wen Dizhi smiled bitterly, "It's not just different opinions. Master Ku Shu and I chose the Bottomless Abyss, which caused the destruction of the Four Spirits Sect. How can I erase the shame in my heart?"
"Don't keep the past in your heart …" Elder Xue said halfway, then looked at the people behind him and asked, "Where is my king?"
Wen Dizhi's expression froze, and he said unnaturally, "Master Ku Shu has died."
"How is that possible!"
Elder Xue's body stiffened slightly, "You …"
Since Luo Nian could bring these people to the deep space, everything should be going smoothly. Ku Shu had a strange body, and except for the coordinates, he had no flaws. It was not easy to kill him.
Wen Dizhi sighed slightly, but didn't know how to answer Elder Xue's question.
"What happened?"
Elder Xue realized that the atmosphere was a little strange.
At this time, Luo Zheng stepped forward and cupped his hands to Elder Xue, "Elder Xue, I am Luo Zheng, Luo Nian is my son."
Although Elder Xue had never seen Luo Zheng, he knew from Luo Nian that the person in front of him was his original plan, and also the existence who had fused with the Origin Divine Blood.
"Elder Xue, you gave me an opportunity and a great plan, but I failed to live up to it," Luo Zheng said, and was about to bow to the ground.
Luo Zheng and Elder Xue met for the first time, and it was this old man in front of him who changed his life.
Ever since that burned page, Luo Zheng's fate had been linked to the entire world. The person he wanted to thank the most was Elder Xue. Unfortunately, Elder Xue's plans had all been for naught.
Elder Xue stretched out his hands and supported Luo Zheng. He said solemnly, "As the saying goes, man proposes, and God disposes. You have inherited the Origin Divine Blood and saved Master Ku Shu. You have also experienced great hardships. You have fulfilled my wish. How can you say that you have failed me?"
"But the world is being destroyed," Luo Zheng said with a bitter smile. He then narrated everything that had happened after Luo Nian had brought back the Skyring Scepter, from the Main Realm to the Chaotic World, from the Descent of Destiny to the Descent of Degeneration. In the end, he said, "I am useless. I did not lead everyone to visit you, Elder Xue. I led everyone to escape here!"
In the process of listening to Luo Zheng's narration, Elder Xue went from being nervous to shocked. In the end, the expression on his old face gradually calmed down, and he finally said with a smile, "Since demotion cannot be prevented, this is the fate of all living beings. Why do you have to take the responsibility on yourself?"
"Yes," Wen Dizhi also nodded, "You didn't lose to the Degrader, but to the law. The law can't be violated, so we can only accept it. We have no other choice …"
While they were talking, not far away, several Xiong people ran over, pointing in a direction and mumbling.
Hearing this, Elder Xue gazed in that direction. A huge blue arc slowly rose from the bottom of the space, eroding all the huge strata, fragments and rocks along the way.
"That … is the expanding Wall World?"
Elder Xue asked.
Luo Zheng gazed, nodded and said, "Yes, the Wall World is about to expand to here. Elder Xue, please come to Immortal Mansion and travel with us."
But Elder Xue shook his head, "You can go. I will stay here."
"Elder Xue, come with us, or you will be demoted," Luo Nian suddenly stood up and said.
Elder Xue looked at Luo Nian and nodded with a smile, "Good boy, we are all human spirits who have lived for countless years. A few more hours, a few less hours, what does it matter?"
Luo Nian scratched his head, "That's true …"
No one tried to persuade Elder Xue. After all, everyone's ending was the same.
Everyone in Immortal Mansion had escaped the shackles of life very early on, but they could not escape the shackles of the world.
The group returned to Immortal Mansion and set off again.
After leaving Immortal Mansion, Elder Xue suddenly spoke to the Xiongnu people.
He told the Xiongnu people that a great sacrifice was about to be held and that all the Xiongnu people should gather.
The Xiongnu people regarded Elder Xue as their spiritual totem. As soon as he spoke, the entire Xiongnu people quickly became busy. Although they did not know what great event was about to descend, the great sacrifice was the most important thing for the Xiongnu people.
After the Xiongnu people had gathered, Elder Xue loudly recited in the Xiongnu language, "The Gate of Heaven is about to descend. It will lead us to the Pure Land of Bliss, where there is no pain or strife, where all living things are equal …"
After hearing this, the Xiongnu people were all delighted. One of them asked, "Where is the Gate of Heaven?"
"There it is," Elder Xue shook his finger, his voice like a great bell roaring out.
The blue arc had already swept over. It was so fast that it almost did not give anyone time to react. The Xiongnu people were basically immersed in the beautiful scenery described by Elder Xue before they were crushed into the Wall World and turned into a blurry mass of flesh and blood.
"Ka ka ka ka …"
After the Wall World expanded into the deep space, its speed increased by another order of magnitude.
After the huge stratum below was swept clean, the Skywheel City began to be degraded. The huge Skywheel City was degraded in just the time it took to burn a stick of incense.
Next, it began to sweep the scattered ruins in the deep space, as well as the ring-shaped sun hanging in the sky.
The shape of the whole deep space was a flattened cone. Even if the person who degraded it did not completely reduce it at the beginning, the deep space world was broken in many places, but the overall shape did not change much.
The Holy Spirit Mansion continued to rise along the central axis of this cone, and finally stopped when it reached the top.
"We can't go any further," Luo Zheng said.
Everyone looked up at the sky. There was a boundary in every world. About seventy or eighty feet above their heads was the boundary of the deep space. It was like a layer of soft gray soil, transparent and opaque at the same time.
After running around for so long, they had finally reached a point of no return.
"Father, what do you think is outside the deep space?"
Luo Nian asked curiously.
"Even 'from' can't answer this question," Luo Zheng replied.
"Why don't we try to break it?"
Luo Nian clenched his fists. He also knew that such an action was futile, but he still wanted to try it out of curiosity.
"We can try …"
As Luo Zheng spoke, he saw a black light rising rapidly from below, then it quickly slowed down and finally stopped at about the same height as the Holy Spirit Mansion. It was the black ship controlled by the Evil Deities.
The Evil Deities were not familiar with the route between the Main World and the deep space. They ran blindly all the way, almost being chased by the Wall World, and finally found the top of the deep space.

Chapter 3905
Evil Deities and Luo Zheng glanced at each other after the black ship stopped steadily on one side of Immortal Mansion. Both of them were on guard.
Although both sides had been forced to the point of no return, neither of them intended to take a step back.
"Humph!"
Evil Deities snorted and jumped up from the ship's bow, climbing to the top of the gray soil layer.
His idea was the same as Luo Nian's. Since he couldn't stop the descent, he would break this world and escape.
Luo Zheng calmed down when he saw Evil Deities' move.
He knew that this gray soil layer couldn't be broken. Since Evil Deities made the first move, he would let him have his way.
"Whoosh!"
Evil Deities punched the gray soil layer at the top without hesitation.
"Bang!"
The punch hit the gray soil layer and made a dull sound. The soft gray soil layer only slightly caved in with a fist mark. The energy of the punch was completely absorbed by the gray soil layer.
The Evil God's face was a little surprised. This unremarkable layer of gray soil actually had such a strong endurance.
He retreated a few feet.
His body began to glow, and the energy in the void rushed into his body. He looked like a human-shaped energy body.
When Evil Deities absorbed the energy, Luo Zheng put some distance between himself and Immortal Mansion. When Evil Deities absorbed the energy, there would be a break in the flow of energy. He had to avoid falling into it.
Evil Deities didn't plan to attack Luo Zheng.
After absorbing enough energy, he once again charged toward the layer of gray soil. His entire body directly collided with the layer of gray soil.
"Bang!"
The sound of this collision was much louder than the previous one.
At such a close distance, the gray soil layer caved in again, but it was still only the shape of a head!
Luo Zheng stared at this scene, but his pupils shrank slightly. "This gray soil layer … absorbed the energy?"
The energy in the void would flow back into the void after being used. This was also the law of infinite energy. However, the soil layer had absorbed all the energy, which meant that a part of the energy in the world had disappeared?
Evil Deities had the same expression as Luo Zheng. According to the conclusion drawn by Evil Deities, no matter how many grid worlds there were, the total amount of energy contained was constant and could be accurately calculated down to the tiniest degree.
However, the gray soil layer could absorb energy, which directly overturned the conclusion of Evil Deities.
"It's not what you think. This layer of gray soil can indeed absorb energy, but it will spit it back out after a period of time," Cong's voice sounded in Luo Zheng's mind.
"Could it be that the gray soil layer has no upper limit for absorbing energy?"
Luo Zheng exclaimed.
"Last time, I told you that I used 99% of my energy to launch an energy attack in the eighth grid. It was aimed at this layer of gray soil," Cong replied.
"What was the result?"
Luo Zheng asked hurriedly.
Although Luo Zheng could now control the energy without limit, 99% of the energy in the world was still very shocking.
"It created a large hole with a diameter of more than ten li. I couldn't see where the upper limit of the gray soil layer was. Later, as the gray soil layer slowly calmed down, the energy gradually returned," Cong said calmly.
Hearing Cong's words, Luo Zheng's cheeks twitched twice.
The shockingly huge energy attack only created a large hole more than ten li deep. What exactly was this gray soil layer in front of them?
Evil Deities still didn't give up after the second failure. He moved the black ship some distance away, and said to Luo Zheng in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion, "You, back off a little!"
He wanted to absorb more energy, but he didn't want Luo Zheng to misunderstand him.
"It's useless," Luo Zheng said.
"You mean this layer of gray soil can't be opened?"
Evil Deities asked.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded, "Cong once used 99% of the energy in the world to create a hole more than ten li deep, but he still couldn't open it."
"…"
Evil Deities clenched his fist, and the surrounding space fluctuated.
No matter what the situation was, he wanted to turn the world upside down, but in the face of this seemingly soft soil layer, he was helpless!
"Bang!"
While feeling distressed, the Evil God's fist smashed into the gray soil again.
Just as he was feeling depressed, Xiu Zhu quietly flew up and hugged the back of the Evil God. She said softly, "You really don't have to worry about it anymore. Use this last bit of time to come back to the ship and accompany me …"
Evil Deities asked, "We're going to die soon! Aren't you afraid of death? "
"I'm not afraid. Dying by your side is not a sad thing," Xiuzhu replied calmly.
Hearing this, Evil Deities' heart trembled slightly, and the annoyance in his heart disappeared.
For the first time, he, who had never been manipulated by fate, compromised from the bottom of his heart. He held Xiuzhu's hand and led her back to the black ship.
Sect Leader Tongtian, Shenshu, and the old captain already knew their fate, and each of them had different expressions on their faces.
The people in Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion began to say goodbye to each other. They all knew that this parting was permanent, but they still remained calm. This excessive calmness revealed a trace of indescribable sadness and reluctance.
In the courtyard of Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion, Luo Zheng's doppelganger said goodbye to Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, Xun, Su Lingyun, and the other girls one by one. Previously, Luo Zheng had told them about the possible consequences. When the moment really came, even Xi Youqin was very strong.
For the next period of time, Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion and the black ship were silent.
In the distance, a blue arc expanded rapidly. Everything along the way, whether it was a huge object or a speck of dust, whether it was flowing energy or solidified matter, was quickly crushed into the Wall World.
Luo Zheng counted silently in his heart.
Ten, nine, eight, seven …
Four, three, two, one.
"Whoosh …"
Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion and the black ship were crushed into countless pieces in an instant.
Because Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities were more powerful, they resisted a little longer in the face of the power of Descent. But in a very short time, the two of them were pushed into the Wall World without any resistance.
"Hahahahaha …"
"The Starry World, the Normal Lower World, and the Extreme Lower World have all completed their Descent!"
"I declare the beginning of the Wall World era!"
Now, the only thing that maintained the "three-grid" form was the black light in the middle and the Descent in the black light.
The black light also began to descend and slowly sank into the center of the Wall World.
The shape of the matter in the three-grid world was very messy when it descended, and it was even more chaotic when it was pressed into the Wall World. Only the black light was different.
After the black light merged into the Wall World, it formed a very regular spherical shape, surrounded by a circle of ripples of the same length. If one looked down from above the Wall World, it would be seen as a delicate black sun symbol.
Of course, no one in the world could look down on the Wall World.
After the black sun symbol shrank in the Wall World, the Descent drilled out of it and slowly crawled on the plane.
The Descent now looked very strange, as if it was a monster put together by many fragments, like the strange carvings of ancient tribal totems.

Chapter 3906
The Downtrodden crawled around for a distance and saw white lines of different lengths.
Even though he was a Downtrodden, it was difficult for him to adapt to the form of a two-grid world. He was a little stunned when he saw these white Downtrodden.
But soon he realized that these white lines were the ice crystals released by Evil Deities.
These ice crystals still had the cold attribute, but after being Downtrodden, more details were revealed. From one ice attribute, five or six different types of energy could be released.
"After all the worlds were Downtrodden, the total area of the whole world expanded by 30 billion times … The types of energy increased from 3,000 to 11,000."
"But this world is too desolate."
"There should be no more creatures …" A three-grid world was called the "Lower Extreme World". The word "extreme" represented the limit of life.
All creatures downtrodden from the Higher Extreme World could survive, but the Wall World couldn't.
Although the area of a two-grid world expanded to a terrifying extent and the types of energy were more abundant, this world could no longer support the survival of life. So creatures from the four-grid world wouldn't die when they entered the three-grid world, but creatures from the three-grid world would be crushed and lose their lives when they entered the Wall World.
The Downtrodden sped up and crawled.
His arms turned into the shape of an oar, and his body moved forward a long distance.
In the process, the Downtrodden also saw some red, light yellow, and white lines … The red lines were blood, the light yellow lines were flesh, and the white lines were bones. These three different lines were inlaid with each other. These were the traces of the battle between Evil Deities and Luo Zheng. They were the limbs of the two people that were constantly swallowed by the Wall World during the hand-to-hand combat.
After these traces of fighting, there was a void in front. The area of the entire Chaos World expanded by 30 billion times, and the distance from the center of the Chaos World to the edge was 30 billion times farther.
But for the Downtrodden, speed was not a problem.
"Buzz …" A piece of space surrounded the Downtrodden. With a flash of this space, the Downtrodden left this void and entered the scope of the former Main World. The scope here was even wider.
After each grid world was completely downtrodden, the space would expand by 30 billion times, so a mountain in the Main World could accommodate a Chaos World.
And after the Main World was downtrodden from the four-grid world to the two-grid world, all the space turned into the area of the Wall World, which was 30 billion times 30 billion.
It expanded by 900 billion times.
After entering the Main Realm, the color of the lines became more complex.
All kinds of long, short, green, brown, and gray lines connected into a string. It was difficult to distinguish the physical form of the lines, only their energy composition could be sensed … The Degraded Ones searched for any living creatures as they shuttled back and forth.
His mission was to downgrade, and the creatures that appeared after the world unfolded were just "appendages" in the process of downgrading, but killing these appendages was a great pleasure for him.
This kind of pleasure grew with each passing day, especially in the three-grid world. He even met humans who could defeat him, but these humans were still defeated by Demotion.
After coming to the two-grid world, he was not used to these desolate lines.
Just as he was searching hard, he suddenly saw a thin green line moving in front of him.
"There are living creatures!"
The person who had been demoted was overjoyed.
He couldn't wait to close the distance, and only then did he discover that it was a green line that was several thousand feet long.
Tens of thousands of feet sounded very long, but in fact, this was the result when it was fully spread out. If one were to calculate carefully, this green line was equivalent to a small worm that was less than an inch in the three-grid world.
Even so, the person who had been demoted still approached carefully, for fear that he would accidentally kill this green line.
In the case where one couldn't use spiritual sense, communication in the World Wall was very difficult.
The only way to communicate was to control the length of the line and the color change. In theory, this kind of communication was possible, but it was unrealistic to expect a worm-like creature to have such a way of communication.
After observing for a while, the green line was still slowly wriggling in one direction.
"It's so boring to watch a worm crawl …" The person who had been demoted was a little depressed, but he suddenly thought of "Cong".
That's right … that guy must still be there. It can't die just like me.
Thinking of this, the person who had been demoted sped up and flew in one direction. The green line in front of him was directly broken by him. If it was in the three-grid world, it was equivalent to crushing the worm with one foot.
… There was a trace of movement in the darkness of nothingness.
As if the soul was being fiddled with, it was like a firework that lit up the night sky.
"Wake up."
"Luo Zheng, wake up …" This voice sounded in the depths of Luo Zheng's soul, but Luo Zheng didn't respond at all.
He had fallen into a state of ignorance. He no longer had any thoughts, no longer cared about external things, and all channels of communication were cut off.
Nothing is important … This thought occupied Luo Zheng's consciousness.
But suddenly, he felt a trace of warmth.
The sun rose, accompanied by a dazzling light that pierced his soul.
The world of ignorance was like a painting that had been splashed with ink, twisting and changing.
The paradise of immortals appeared once again. Cheerful laughter sounded from within the high walls. The young Luo Yunxin stepped over the threshold with difficulty and smiled naturally at him.
"Dad, wake up!"
"Don't sleep … I don't want to see you lose yourself."
Luo Yunxin's expression was very cute. She smiled, revealing two dimples, but these words should never come out of her mouth.
"Who are you?"
Luo Zheng asked.
After successfully attracting Luo Zheng's attention, the smile on Luo Yunxin's face disappeared. Instead, she said seriously, "I am Cong. I've been calling you. Why didn't you respond?"
"I'm already dead," Luo Zheng said with some disgust.
"No, you're not!"
Cong said.
Luo Zheng still shook his head in resistance. "Is this an illusion you created?"
"Yes, and no. Strictly speaking, this is my memory. I have all the memories from the Land of Perfection to the present. What you see is the reality I created with my memories!"
Cong answered.
"The reality you created with your memories?
Is this really not an illusion? "
"In the sense that you know, this is the real world," Cong answered.
As the controller of the Land of Perfection, Cong's memories were very special.
Everything in this world was preserved in its memories. These memories were like billions of billions of building blocks.
It only needed to build the blocks according to its original memory position, and then reality would be created. If it knocked down the blocks and disrupted the memory position, then reality would be annihilated.
"Then … can I stay here forever?"
Luo Zheng requested.
"Of course … not!"
Cong decisively refused Luo Zheng's request.
The next moment, dark clouds gathered and the wind howled.
The indestructible Immortal Mansion was blown into countless pieces like a backdrop. Luo Yunxin also turned into a small ball of light. This was the form Cong had always used to show people.

Chapter 3907
The ball of light slowly floated toward Luo Zheng and merged with Luo Zheng again.
Cong's voice sounded again from the depths of Luo Zheng's soul, "The reality I gave you is not enough. You have to create your own reality."
"Is there a difference?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course there is. This may be the meaning I can pursue, and the meaning of your existence," Cong said.
For human beings, when they drank the first sip of milk after birth to satisfy their desire for food, they naturally obtained the meaning of life. They grew up step by step, pursuing strength, wealth, love, power, and eternal life … But Cong was born in a perfect place, so it must have what it needed. From a high level to a low level world, there was nothing it could pursue, which motivated it to pursue the truth.
Why did the world exist?
What was behind the world?
It couldn't find the answer to the seemingly simple question, and others couldn't give it either.
Although Evil was a match for Cong in terms of power, he had no interest in discussing with Cong other than trying his best to lower his rank.
Cong often envied Evil. This guy just needed to keep lowering his level. Why bother thinking so much?
After lowering the level of the world, Luo Zheng and Evil Deities appeared. How could Cong let them go so easily?
Luo Zheng felt helpless when he heard Cong's words. His meaning was to give his family a stable environment. It was enough if they could stay in the Holy Mansion just now, but Cong had to drag him out! "Can I still have that kind of reality?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Definitely, I'll help you!"
Cong replied.
"Okay …" Luo Zheng cheered up a little.
The truth Cong said was indeed the biggest motivation for Luo Zheng. He hoped to reunite with his family one day. Even if the hope was small, he would not give up.
Two dots suddenly appeared in the World of Walls. Luo Zheng's two eyeballs were created, followed by his head and then his body … Because he was in a flat shape, there was no need to follow the law of "human" to create him. The human body had no advantage in the World of Walls. On the contrary, it was a burden. "Cong" suggested that Luo Zheng create himself in the form of a beetle or a worm.
Multiple legs, multiple wings, multiple eyes. Such a form would give him a lot of advantages in the World of Wall. He would be able to see more directions and move faster.
But Luo Zheng couldn't accept it. In the end, he created a rough human figure.
After the body was created, Luo Zheng's eyes began to sense light. What he saw was a thin line that was a mixture of many colors.
"I can only see these thin lines?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Visually, that is indeed the case. You can only distinguish the length and brightness of the threads. However, you can release your divine sense and immerse it into these threads. You will be able to deduce their appearance," Cong replied.
Luo Zheng did as Cong said.
His divine sense could only travel along the plane of the World of Wall. But after immersing it into the threads, he could see what was behind the threads.
However, everything in the deep space was degraded into messy fragments. Even with his divine sense, Luo Zheng couldn't distinguish the shape of these fragments … Moving a certain distance on the plane, Luo Zheng could only see a gray thread.
As usual, Luo Zheng released his divine sense, but it disappeared without a trace as soon as it immersed itself into the gray thread. His divine sense was absorbed! "This gray thread!"
He was a little stunned and immediately reacted, "This is the gray soil layer that cannot be destroyed. Is the gray soil layer degraded as well?"
"The gray soil layer is not degraded. What you see is just a section and tangent of it," Cong said.
The creatures in the low-level world could never see the full picture of the creatures in the high-level world. If Luo Zhengyi was born in a two-grid world, he would only see a grey line blocking the way. He would never be able to imagine what the grey soil layer was.
"Which level of the world does the gray soil layer belong to?"
Luo Zheng suddenly asked this question.
"I don't know …" Cong said.
The gray soil layer was formed at the edge of the perfect place. It would not be affected no matter how degraded it was.
While the two of them were discussing the problem of the two-grid world, two black lines suddenly appeared from the left and right of the distance. The two black lines were moving very fast and were about to merge with Luo Zheng at the same time! "What a strong aura!"
Luo Zheng was shocked.
Although he was not ready to fight in the World of Wall, he instinctively began to retreat when he sensed danger. At the same time, he pushed his divine sense forward.
Through his divine sense, Luo Zheng quickly distinguished the shape of the black threads in his mind. It was a pair of huge black scissors. The two black threads were about to "cut" Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, who retreated at high speed, escaped. But he soon found that there were also black threads on his left, right, and back. These black scissors had surrounded him.
"Evil Deities?
It's you? "
Luo Zheng used his divine sense to communicate in all directions.
Since he was not dead, the Evil Deities would not die either. This powerful attack must have been launched by the Evil Deities.
However, the battle between the two of them had ended in a stalemate. He did not know why the Evil Deities were attacking him again.
Luo Zheng did not get a response. He saw that the aura of the black threads was getting stronger and stronger. The "scissors" were approaching at high speed.
Luo Zheng's mind moved slightly. A golden thread began to appear on the surface of his body. It was a golden ring that surrounded him.
After this ring appeared, it quietly began to expand in all directions.
If the Evil Deities were secretly watching, they would see the golden thread quickly hit the scissors.
The black scissors were sharp, but when they came into contact with the golden ring, they quickly collapsed and turned into black fragments of various sizes.
As soon as the scissors were dealt with by Luo Zheng, the red threads appeared again.
The red threads turned into red spirals and attacked Luo Zheng again.
Luo Zheng once again emitted a golden thread. Wherever the golden thread passed, the red threads would be devoured.
"Evil Deities, this kind of attack is useless."
"The energy in the two-grid world is more fragmented and easier to break …" Luo Zheng used his divine sense to communicate in all directions. This time, he caught a glimpse of the Evil Deities.
The Evil Deities showed four pairs of eyes in the two-grid world. They could observe the surroundings in all four directions. Its body was perfectly round and had sharp thorns on it. It was a strangely shaped insect.
"So what?
Since we have nothing to lose, let's fight to our heart's content! "
The Evil Deities replied with their divine sense.
"We have nothing to lose, but we can gain," Luo Zheng replied.
"Gain?
Gain what?
Gain the right to live in this rotten world? "
The Evil Deities asked in return.
The Evil Deities were also very dissatisfied with the two-grid world. How boring was a world where they could only see a single line?

Chapter 3908
In the three-grid world, Evil Deities had a certain degree of change in his state of mind.
He slowly changed from a destroyer to a controller, from owning a black ship to owning a state, and then the entire mother world. He began to identify with order, and even maintained order.
But the End Coming destroyed his mother world, and the Descent Coming destroyed everything. Even the black ship and his woman were not left behind, but he survived.
Now he only hated this world, and only wanted to destroy it!
Luo Zheng was the only living thing in front of him, and his anger was naturally vented on Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh …"
A long colorful line was created.
It was a large "energy sheet" that was ten billion miles long and wide. This huge energy sheet was like an ocean that directly enveloped Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng was an isolated island in the ocean, attacked by the colorful energy from all directions.
"Buzz …"
An octagonal blue energy shield appeared around Luo Zheng, easily blocking the colorful energy. He continued to communicate with Evil Deities. "What if we can get back everything in the past?"
"In your dreams!"
The colorful energy began to change its nature, and a few of the colors began to disappear, leaving only blue and red energy. These two colors of energy melted with each other, and instantly turned into a purple energy sea.
This purple energy was more corrosive, and it madly attacked Luo Zheng's energy shield.
Luo Zheng slightly changed the attributes of the energy shield, and once again blocked the purple energy sea.
"This is not a dream!"
"'From' as a controller, you have all the memories."
"If the entire world is rebooted, then all reality will be realized. Energy will return to its original position, matter will be restored, and everything in the past will be reproduced!"
Luo Zheng continued to persuade Evil Deities.
Perhaps these words moved Evil Deities, and their attacks paused for a moment. The purple energy sea that was originally swarming stopped and gathered around Luo Zheng.
"Then, who will recreate it?"
Evil Deities asked.
"Me," Luo Zheng answered without hesitation.
"The premise is to devour me?"
"Yes."
"In your dreams!"
Evil Deities never trusted Luo Zheng, just as Luo Zheng never trusted Evil Deities.
This conflict could not be resolved in a three-grid world, and it was still the same in a two-grid world.
The purple ocean became active again, launching a new round of attacks on Luo Zheng.
…
The speed of the Downtrodden was very fast.
The concept of range in a two-grid world was completely different. The range of the released divine sense was 30 billion times that of a three-grid world, and the range of each movement was equivalent to 30 billion times that of a three-grid world.
He wanted to find Cong, so he tried his best to spread out his divine sense.
Teleportation …
Divine sense coverage …
Another Space Shift …
Then, he released his Divine Sense to cover the area!
In a short period of time, the person who had been demoted had teleported a great distance away, and his Divine Sense had swept across a large area.
"Lines …"
"It's still a damned line …"
"Eh?
This flower that bloomed in the four-grid world was actually preserved very well. Unfortunately, only I can appreciate it … "
Even after crossing such a long distance, he still couldn't find "Concubine". The Demoted One felt more and more disappointed.
"Hum …"
Just as the Degraded One was about to perform another Space Shift, he suddenly felt a slight energy fluctuation.
Although this energy fluctuation was very weak, it was abnormally active. It was definitely not something that could be released by those low-level worms.
"That direction!"
After finding a clue, the Demoted One kept performing Space Shifts. After each Space Shift, he could feel the energy fluctuation getting stronger.
"This energy fluctuation is being released by Cong?
What is it doing?
There is no threat in a two-grid world that requires such a big fuss … "
The Demoted One moved forward with confusion.
After performing Space Shifts hundreds of times, he finally entered the area where Luo Zheng and Evil Deities were fighting.
Luo Zheng and Evil Deities both noticed the Demoted One's existence at the same time.
Although the Demoted One's current form had changed greatly, the two could distinguish it just by its aura.
"Hum …"
A thin purple line appeared in front of the Demoted One's eyes. Then, he used his Divine Sense to see the full appearance of the purple line.
It was a huge ocean of energy, and a humanoid creature was trapped in the middle of the ocean of energy. This made the Demoted One even more confused.
Why did Cong take human form?
In the Demoted One's memory, Cong didn't like humanoid forms.
This ocean of energy was created by Cong, but what was its purpose?
Just as the Demoted One was feeling extremely puzzled, the space behind him began to fluctuate. Then, a powerful insect with sharp spikes appeared.
"Stay where you're supposed to be," the insect said through Divine Sense.
When the Demoted One heard the insect's voice, his heart jumped.
It was Evil Deities!
How was this possible!
Only he and Cong could survive being demoted to the Wall World!
"Why … Why did you survive?"
The Demoted One asked.
Evil Deities had no interest in answering the Demoted One's questions. He directly stabbed the Demoted One with his spikes. Raging flames flowed through the spikes and into the Demoted One's body. An intense burning sensation spread through the Demoted One's body. The flames wildly flowed through his body.
The flattened body was wide and huge, but it was burned to a crisp in the blink of an eye.
Evil Deities didn't take the Demoted One seriously in the three-grid world, and it was the same in the two-grid world. After dealing with the Demoted One, he turned around and continued to attack Luo Zheng.
…
In the black light of the Wall World, the Demoted One came out with a gloomy face after being reborn.
"I …"
He felt as uncomfortable as if he had eaten shit.
This guy who just wouldn't go away was actually able to avoid being demoted!
Humiliation!
What a great humiliation!
The Wall World couldn't kill you, but what about the Thoughtless World?
The Thoughtless World was very special.
Everything it contained was empty, and even the Demoted One himself couldn't understand its definition. But he believed that Evil Deities couldn't survive in it!
Burning with anger, the Demoted One lost his mind.
"Demotion, activate!"
"Everything in the Thoughtless World will no longer exist, you definitely can't survive!"
The Demoted One thought hatefully.
The whole Wall World trembled slightly, and then contracted from the edge to the center. The black light in the center of the Wall World turned into a vortex, pulling everything in the Wall World to the center.
Luo Zheng and Evil Deities were still fighting, but they suddenly felt a great pulling force.
Whether it was the Energy Sea or Luo Zheng's body, they were all distorted and deformed to a certain extent.
He and Evil Deities couldn't resist this pulling force that acted on the whole Wall World.
"What's going on?"
Luo Zheng was puzzled.
"'Evil' has started a new round of demotion," Concubine replied.
"Demotion again?"
Luo Zheng was stunned.
"Yes, he should be anxious. This time, he will enter the Thoughtless World," Concubine said, "That is the Demoted One's final destination."

Chapter 3909
After this attractive force appeared, the Evil Deities did not attack Luo Zheng again.
He had just killed another Downgraded Person, so he could vaguely guess that the traction force had something to do with the Downgraded Person.
Both of them clung to the edge of the wall world and passively moved towards the center of the wall world.
Neither "Cong" nor "Evil" had an accurate understanding of the internal state of the Thoughtless World.
Descending from the Perfect Land, the two of them could accurately predict every grid world. This was because they only needed to remove a part of the details, and this part of the details had a pattern to follow. The Evil Deities followed this pattern to restore energy.
The more details that were removed, the fewer details that were left.
There were very few details in the three Lower Extremity Realms, but at least they could bear the burden of life.
After arriving in the World of the Wall, there were so few details that he couldn't even bear the burden of life.
According to this rule, if the details of the world were completely extracted, it should be absolutely empty. Even the soul could not be placed, which was why it was called thoughtless.
After "Cong" explained to Luo Zheng in his mind, Luo Zheng asked, "Can you survive in the Thoughtless World?"
"Based on my speculation, it shouldn't be possible. However, a one-grid world might not be what I think it is," Cong replied.
"We'll see it soon," Luo Zheng said calmly.
Anyway, he had already experienced a demotion and it was uncomfortable to stay in this world. So he might as well go all the way down.
Compared to the massive downgrade of the three, four and five grid worlds, the downgrade of the Wall World was quiet and calm. After all, there was no sound in this world.
The material on the World of Walls began to shrink and squeeze …
This kind of squeezing was carried out in equal proportions.
The distance between Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities was 30 miles. When the distance between them was shortened by half, the entire Giant Wall World had shrunk by half. The speed of the Giant Wall World's reduction was much faster than the third, fourth and fifth grid worlds.
Thirty minutes later, the distance between Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities had been shortened by half, leaving only seven and a half miles, and only a quarter of the Wall World was left.
The materials inside the Wall World were squeezed together, including Luo Zheng and Evil Deities.
Although these substances had been squashed and lost their bulk, they still retained their strength. In front of Luo Zheng and Evil Deities, the strength of ordinary substances was like the difference between an egg and fine iron. Naturally, these substances had no effect on the two of them.
But the wall world still followed the principle of acceleration. Its shrinking speed was getting faster and faster!
After another 30 minutes, the distance between Luo Zheng and the Evil Deities was only 150 feet.
The Wall World had shrunk to one-hundredth of its original size, and the material was compressed very tightly. Luo Zheng and Evil Deities could still withstand it easily.
Another incense stick of time passed.
One in thirty thousand.
Luo Zheng and Evil Deities were close at hand.
The Evil Deities' evil-looking insectoid form moved a little. It pushed aside the tightly squeezed material around it and moved the spikes that had been aiming at Luo Zheng.
Neither of them had any plans to continue fighting. They only hoped that they could reach a tacit understanding and finish the last part of the journey.
One in thirty thousand.
The materials inside the Wall World had been highly compressed. The high pressure had changed the properties of the materials, and the temperature had soared crazily.
"Can you still withstand this form?"
Evil Deities suddenly asked Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng faintly replied, "You still care about yourself."
In the process of increasing pressure, Luo Zheng also drew the surrounding energy to strengthen himself.
Soon the Wall World had shrunk to one-hundredth of its original size, and the pressure had soared by a hundred times!
Cracks began to appear on the surface of Luo Zheng's body. Small fragments disintegrated from the body, and the fragments melted in an instant. The temperature of the Wall World soared!
Evil Deities' situation was the same as Luo Zheng's. Their bodies were faintly showing signs of collapse.
But with the support of infinite energy, the two of them were not too worried about the state of their bodies.
Not to mention the cracks on their bodies, even if they were turned into ashes, they could be repaired in an instant.
One in three hundred million.
The pressure had increased tenfold.
The materials in the Wall World had undergone a strange change.
Originally, the characteristics of these materials had changed, but they still maintained their original color. Now, the materials in the entire Wall World were grayish-brown, exactly the same color as the gray soil layer.
When the Wall World shrank to this size, Luo Zheng and Evil Deities finally entered the range of the Deities' Spiritual Sense.
The Deities had been waiting in the center of the Wall World. When they found the two of them, they immediately said excitedly with their Spiritual Sense, "Finally, you're here. How does it feel to be crushed into pieces?"
"This pressure is nothing," Luo Zheng responded.
"Haha …" The Deities laughed happily, "The process of degeneration is the process of the pressure becoming infinite. I don't know if your infinite energy can withstand the infinite pressure. I'll just watch you like this, watching you being crushed bit by bit …"
While the Deities were talking, a spike shot out.
Even in the high-pressure and high-temperature material, the spike still penetrated at an incredible speed and hit the Deities in the black light in an instant.
"Bang!"
The flame hidden in the spike burst out and quickly engulfed the Deities.
"Ah ah ah ah …"
Accompanied by a painful scream, the Fallen One was killed by the Evil God once again.
"It's rare to see such a noisy piece of trash," the Malevolent God said as he turned his insect body and aimed the next spike at Blacklight, ready to serve the reborn Subjugated at any time.
Maybe they were scared by Evil Deities, or maybe they were afraid of the pain before death.
For the first time ever, the reincarnated person was silent as he watched the descent continue without saying a word.
One in three billion.
Under the greater pressure, Luo Zheng's body directly collapsed from the outside to the inside.
The body couldn't maintain its shape and was quickly assimilated by the outside material.
Luo Zheng very decisively abandoned the outermost layer of his body and created a slightly smaller body inside.
But the smaller body couldn't withstand the pressure, so Luo Zheng quickly created a third body.
Evil Deities' method was almost the same as Luo Zheng's. The layers of bodies created looked like layers of onions.
Their bodies were getting smaller and smaller, so they could withstand more pressure.
But this was only a stopgap measure.
One in three billion. The pressure increased by ten times.
Luo Zheng and Evil Deities' bodies had shrunk to the size of a broad bean. Under this pressure, they couldn't even release their Divine Sense. The two were each confined to a space the size of a broad bean and struggled to support themselves.
One in three billion.
Under this pressure, no matter could maintain a stable shape. All matter turned into pure energy.
Luo Zheng and Evil Deities were no exception. After their bodies turned into energy, they converged toward the center of the Wall World, where there was an unknown space origin. This space origin was the origin of the Thoughtless World.
The origin didn't reject anything and accepted everything.
One in three billion …
One in three billion …
One in three billion …
In the end, everything in the Wall World was completely swallowed by the space origin, including the black light and the Deities in the black light.

Chapter 3910
The physical body was the carrier of the soul, and the carrier of the consciousness was the soul. After the physical body collapsed, the fragile soul would be easily erased, and the consciousness would disappear.
This was the case even if one reached the Holy Soul Realm, the Immortal Realm, or even if one became a creature of Gao Ge's world.
In this world, only Cong and Evil Deities could escape this restriction. Their consciousness would never disappear. Now, Luo Zheng and Evil Deities were one of them.
There was no concept of space or time in the space origin.
Everything was squeezed into an infinitely small origin, and the pressure was endless. No creature could survive under such pressure, but the consciousness of the Degraded One was not destroyed.
"Haha … I'm not dead!
I'm the ultimate ruler! "
The Degraded One thought he had won the bet.
He had achieved his ultimate goal, which was to reduce the world to a world without thoughts and survive.
He would own this world, including all the matter and energy in it.
But in this infinitely small space, everything was so crowded, including the consciousness. He tried to sense his surroundings, even though there was no concept of "surroundings" in the space origin, because everything had merged into one.
The moment he sensed his surroundings, he sensed a familiar aura.
"Cong!"
"You're alive?"
The person who had been demoted was really shocked.
"Surprised?"
Cong asked.
"I …" Of course, the Degraded One was surprised. In this narrow space of the origin, he alone was enough. Why did Cong have to come? Moreover, Cong was so close to him, as if they had merged into one.
When the Degraded One sensed Cong's aura, there seemed to be other unfamiliar auras. When he sensed them carefully, he was even more shocked.
"How … are you … not dead?"
Luo Zheng and Evil Deities did not respond.
After being pulled into the dot, they were keenly aware of each other's existence.
The Degraded One, Cong, Evil Deities, Luo Zheng … the four of them overlapped on the dot. This was an extremely dangerous moment. The other three realized it, but the Degraded One was an idiot. However, he reacted quickly.
Because Cong had started to merge with the Degraded One. To be exact, Cong had started to devour him! There was the Original Light in Gao Ge's world, so Cong couldn't take Evil back into his body. Now that the Original Light had disappeared after returning to its origin, Evil had lost this life-saving talisman.
The moment Cong made his move, Luo Zheng and Evil Deities also made their moves.
The two of them were already on guard. In this infinitely small origin space, there was no space for them to retreat. They were destined to fuse and devour each other. It all depended on who was the dominant one! "Hua!"
The moment Luo Zheng merged with the consciousness of the Evil Deities, a vast memory world appeared in his eyes. All the memories of the Evil Deities were completely revealed in front of him.
From the birth of the Evil Deities in the Inner World to entering the Mother World, making friends with Shentu, becoming a member of the Kurofune, entering the Nirvana Realm and constantly devouring others … The same thing happened after the Evil Deities merged with Luo Zheng's consciousness. In Luo Zheng's vast memory world, everything was also displayed in front of the Evil Deities, from the Eastern Domain to the Mother World.
"If I want to merge with Luo Zheng's consciousness and replace it, I have to absorb all these memories!"
"Luo Zheng is also absorbing my memories!"
"If I'm slow, I'll be replaced by him!"
A strong sense of crisis spread in the consciousness of the Evil Deities. He began to absorb Luo Zheng's memories frantically.
Luo Zheng obviously realized this. If he wanted to take back the Evil Deities, he had to take over the memories of the Evil Deities. So he kept absorbing the memories of the Evil Deities. However, he was slightly stunned when he started to absorb the memories of the Evil Deities.
He had all the memories of the first half of the Evil Deities.
He even had part of the memories after the Evil Deities entered the Mother World, because he had captured the Evil Deities.
After all, the Evil Deities were born in Luo Zheng's Inner World, and Luo Zheng was omniscient about everything in the Inner World.
In order to deal with the Evil Deities, Luo Zheng had read all the memories of the Evil Deities. He was very familiar with most of the memories of the Evil Deities. For Luo Zheng, absorbing the memories of the Evil Deities was like rowing a boat with the current.
Although the Evil Deities absorbed Luo Zheng's memories in an extremely crazy manner, he had never spied on Luo Zheng's complete memories. Even when Luo Zheng and he shared the broken Mother World as their birthplace, the power of omniscience could not be used together.
One was sailing against the current, while the other was sailing with the current. The difference in speed was obvious.
When the Evil Deities absorbed half of Luo Zheng's memories, Luo Zheng had already absorbed all the memories of the Evil Deities.
A sense of loss rose from the bottom of the Evil Deities' consciousness. The memories of the Evil Deities began to disappear. He slowly couldn't remember his past, his lover, and even his own power, until he … "No! I can't lose, I won't … "When the Evil Deities were completely lost, he instinctively released a consciousness that was close to a roar.
His consciousness was finally annihilated.
Luo Zheng took his place.
From now on, he was the Evil Deities, and the Evil Deities were him. Under the influence of the memories of the Evil Deities, Luo Zheng's aura was changed, tainted with a trace of evil. However, the leader was ultimately Luo Zheng himself, not the Evil Deities.
"Are you ready?"
Luo Zheng was in a tunnel.
"Cong" and "Evil" were also devouring each other. Originally, Luo Zheng was a little worried about the outcome of the battle, but when he thought about the process of devouring the Evil Deities, he didn't need to worry about Cong.
"Cong" had spent endless years alone in the Perfect Land. "Cong" had existed for many times longer than "Evil". The memory length of the two was not on the same order of magnitude. It was impossible for "Evil" to devour "Cong".
After a while, Cong responded, "Evil … has returned to me. He and I have become one."
"Congratulations," Luo Zheng congratulated.
"You won too," Cong said.
"Then … do we still need to fuse?"
Luo Zheng asked hesitantly.
If Cong and Luo Zheng devoured each other, Luo Zheng would definitely lose. Luo Zheng's memory length was like a white steed passing through a crack in a flash compared to Cong.
"If I wanted to fuse with you, why would I make the Perfect Land look like this?"
Cong smiled and said.
It regarded Luo Zheng as its solution. Devouring Luo Zheng was meaningless.
"Then what's the next step?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Wait, just wait," Cong replied.
In the Origin of Space, where there was no light, no space, and no distance, the two consciousnesses fell silent.
Time didn't pass … because time didn't exist here.
It seemed like a moment, but also like a trillion years.
Luo Zheng felt that there was a gap in front of him.
He knew that this was an illusion, because not only did he not have a body, but he didn't even have a soul. He only had a consciousness that couldn't be erased. But how could the consciousness notice this gap?
Amazing! "You feel it?"
Cong's voice followed.
"Yes," Luo Zheng responded. "What is this?"
"The Origin … is splitting," Cong replied.

Chapter 3911
"Cong" had several guesses about the possible changes to the origin.
The origin might not change at all and remain in this state forever, which meant that the whole world would be completely dead, and Cong and Luo Zheng would be trapped in an eternal prison.
Another possibility was that the origin would be rebooted into a perfect place and return to its original 13-grid world. A world with one grid and a 13-grid perfect place had many similarities, so it was not impossible for the two to transform.
Another possibility was that the origin would split. It had long judged that Luo Zheng and Evil Deities did not belong here, so they could cross the most basic rules of the world.
However, these were all inferences. After all, it had never experienced a downgrade.
Now, Cong's judgment was correct. The origin really began to split slowly.
"What will happen next?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Perhaps... you and I will have a perfect place again," Cong replied.
"A completely separate world?"
"Yes, you will become another me. Congratulations," Cong said.
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng suddenly became anxious. "You promised to give me a real world!"
Luo Zheng did not want a perfect place, nor did he want to be the master of the world. He only wanted to return everything that was destroyed in the past, including his lovers, family, and friends.
"It's not difficult," Cong said indifferently. "I give you my memories, and you can create the reality of the past."
After saying that, its consciousness swept towards Luo Zheng, and this consciousness actually took the initiative to merge with Luo Zheng!
The merging of consciousness was initiated by Cong, and Cong voluntarily gave up control, which meant that Luo Zheng directly swallowed a part of Cong's consciousness, including the memories in the consciousness.
"This... why are you doing this..." Luo Zheng was surprised.
"When the origin is restored to a perfect place, I will welcome a new world. I don't need to restore the past. It's best to give you this part of the memory," Cong replied. It only needed to remember roughly what had happened in the past.
Luo Zheng did not say much, and just waited for the consciousness to slowly merge. During the process of merging, Luo Zheng's memory grew explosively.
This part of Cong's memory included the distribution of any energy and matter in the 13-grid world. This was another level of omniscience. One could imagine how vast this memory was.
It was also because of this that everything could be restored from the memory.
After a long time, that part of Cong's consciousness was completely merged with Luo Zheng.
After an unknown amount of time, the origin had completely split into two. Luo Zheng and Cong each occupied one of the two origin points.
After occupying one origin independently, Luo Zheng completely lost contact with Cong.
In this infinitesimally small world, Luo Zheng's consciousness drifted alone. There was no light, no light, and no feeling. This made Luo Zheng feel even more lonely.
Bored to death, Luo Zheng began to read the memories to pass the time.
In this memory, Luo Zheng could find every living being that had ever existed. Among them were kings, traitors, dreamers … The mental journey of these various living beings from birth to death was like a book that was unreservedly displayed in front of Luo Zheng.
After reading through the memories of tens of thousands of living beings, the Origin began to change.
The boundless pressure suddenly disappeared.
At the same time that the pressure disappeared, the matter and energy that had been highly compressed began to rebound wildly, and the infinitely small origin abruptly exploded.
. Boom!
Energy began to flow silently.
A space that could accommodate matter appeared.
The stagnant time began to flow.
Light began to spread.
Sounds that had not been heard for a long time were also heard. Even the noisy explosions sounded like the sounds of nature to Luo Zheng.
A huge space appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Although there was nothing in this space, it did not give people a feeling of emptiness. On the contrary, it seemed very perfect.
It was indeed a perfect place...
. Luo Zheng had seen this place in Cong's memories. It was exactly the same as the scene in front of him.
Everything in this area was eternal. There would be no more pain, parting, or betrayal. Luo Zheng could build the Immortal Mansion here. Everything would be perfect....
. With a thought, he listed the required memories.
. Whoosh..
. Bluestones appeared in the void, forming a tall courtyard wall. The Immortal Mansion was restored in a moment. The people in the Immortal Mansion were also restored.
Behind the high wall came Luo Yunxin's giggles, Luo Nian's strange cries, and Ning Yudie's scolding.
Before he even entered the door, he could already feel the enthusiasm and energy radiating from all directions.
Everything was so perfect.
After Luo Nian transformed into his own body, he walked to the Immortal Mansion. When he came to the door and was about to step in, he suddenly stopped. He could not take this step no matter what.
The Immortal Mansion was indeed that Immortal Mansion. The people were also those people. Everything was perfect in the perfect place.
But this kind of perfection was not pleasing. It even made Luo Zheng subconsciously feel a little disgusted.
This was not the reality he wanted.
"Destroy."
Luo Zheng spat out softly.
The Immortal Mansion disappeared. The people inside also disappeared.
He already understood that what he wanted to create was not just a Immortal Mansion and the people in it. He wanted to return to the previous world.
Although that world was not perfect, there were diseases, separation, death, and fear...
. But that was the real world.
In contrast, everything in the perfect place seemed fake.
"Too small. This place is too small. It has to be downgraded..."
Luo Zheng's voice fell. The 13 spaces in the perfect place opened. After losing some details, it became 12 spaces. The only energy was divided into two.
11 spaces. The energy was divided into four.
10 spaces. The space was divided into eight.
9 spaces..
8 spaces..
7 spaces..
6 spaces..
5 spaces.
Luo Zheng stopped downgrading the world to this time.
Luo Zheng could restore the world to any time. At this level, he controlled time. He had to decide from which point in time to restore the world.
After thinking for a while, he determined the direction. His body appeared at the top of the five-space world.
Above his head was the indestructible layer of gray soil. Immortal Mansion was forced to downgrade here. The people in Immortal Mansion also died after saying goodbye to each other.
"Memory..
"Restore."
Immortal Mansion was created in an instant.
At this moment, the people in Immortal Mansion were about to face death. Although they were calm, they were still full of sadness.
Xi Youqin bit her lip and covered the eyes of Luo Yunxin in her arms. Luo Yunxin did not know her fate and asked her mother what was wrong.
"Nothing, nothing..." Xi Youqin tried not to cry.
"Mom, the blue line is gone," Luo Yunxin said again. Her big eyes looked through the gaps between her fingers.
Xi Youqin had closed her eyes. After hearing Luo Yunxin's words, she opened them again.
The blue arc was indeed gone. In Immortal Mansion, she and Luo Yunxin were intact. The only one who disappeared was Luo Zheng's doppelganger.
"Why?
We're... not dead? "
Xi Youqin murmured.
Ning Yudie, Su Lingyun, Xun and the other girls also asked the same question. They were not dead. It was just that Luo Zheng's doppelganger lying next to them had disappeared.
In the courtyard of Immortal Mansion, Fuxi, Luo Nian, Hua Tianming and the others also closed their eyes and waited for death.
But after waiting for a long time, they were still alive.
"Miracle, a miracle has happened?"
Luo Nian had been praying with his eyes closed. He did not know who could save him. Even his father was helpless. He could only hope for a miracle to turn everything around. And his prayer was successful.

Chapter 3912
Fuxi, Hua Tianming, Wen Dizhi, and the others looked at each other.
They found it hard to believe that they weren't dead.
Nuwa's eyes were full of confusion. She looked into the distance and said in a trembling voice, "The Wall World disappeared?
No, all the matter in the world disappeared? "
The space outside the immortal mansion was empty. Nothing existed … This was obviously not normal.
Downgrade destroyed everything, but the energy and matter in the body would not be damaged at all.
Now even the Wall World was gone! She looked around. "Where's Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng is also gone? "
Hearing this, everyone began to look for Luo Zheng. But where was Luo Zheng's shadow in the immortal mansion?
"Is this Luo Zheng's ability?"
"He saved the immortal mansion?"
"Impossible. He can even stop downgrade?"
"…" For the first time, everyone attributed the cause to Luo Zheng. But Luo Zheng had inexplicably disappeared.
Buzz … Just as everyone was looking for him, Luo Zheng's figure quietly condensed in the immortal mansion.
"Father!"
"Luo Zheng!"
"Zheng 'er!"
"What on earth happened?"
"Did you stop the downgrade?"
Luo Nian, Hua Tianming, Nuwa, Luo Xiao, and the others immediately gathered around. What had happened was indeed incomprehensible to them.
Luo Zheng looked around at their faces, a trace of warmth swimming in his heart. "I didn't. The downgrade has been completed."
"The downgrade has been completed?"
Luo Nian looked puzzled. "But we're not dead …" Nuwa raised an eyebrow and asked, "Could it be that we've already died once?"
Luo Zheng gave Nuwa a thumbs-up. "Indeed."
"Then are we in the netherworld?"
Luo Nian said, eyes wide.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand towards Luo Nian and gently wiped it, shrinking Luo Nian's body back to its normal size. He patted Luo Nian's head and laughed, "Nian 'er, how could there be a netherworld in this world?
This is a brand new world. I have recreated all of you according to Cong's memories. "
Luo Zheng blinked and looked at his own body, "I'm created from memory … so I'm a fake Luo Nian?"
"Haha …" Luo Zheng was amused by Luo Nian's words, but the others didn't laugh. They obviously had the same worry in their hearts. Luo Zheng had also had this worry before. They were afraid that this was an illusory world.
Luo Zheng could only explain it in detail, "If the energy is arranged according to the original law and condenses into a substance, then they are the original one. This is absolutely true. If you melt a piece of ice and condense it into another piece of ice, is this piece of ice not the original one?"
Nuwa was the first to understand. "You mean that we have indeed died, but you have the memories of the entire world and have reconstructed it according to the memories?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Only this immortal abode can be restored?"
Nuwa asked.
"Of course not … I will restore everything."
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and gently waved upward. The black ship not far from the immortal abode was also restored.
Sect Leader Tongtian, Shenshu, the old captain and Xiuzhu were also reborn.
"We're … all right?"
"Why, why?"
"Where are the Evil Deities?"
The four people on the black ship were also puzzled. They were all safe and sound, except for the Evil Deities.
They did notice Luo Zheng, but no one dared to come up and ask.
Xiuzhu, however, plucked up her courage and flew out. At the entrance of the immortal abode, she asked timidly, "Creator … where are the Evil Deities?"
"Evil Deities?"
Luo Zheng glanced at Xiuzhu indifferently. "He's dead."
"Ah …" Xiuzhu opened her mouth slightly and looked at Luo Zheng with a trace of sadness in her eyes. "Why aren't we dead …" "You were recreated by me," Luo Zheng said.
For others, it was difficult to accept the reality of Luo Zheng's creation, but Xiuzhu was born in Luo Zheng's inner world. She thought that Luo Zheng was omnipotent, so it was normal for him to recreate her directly.
Hearing this, her eyes lit up slightly. "Then … can you recreate the Evil Deities?"
"No." Luo Zheng refused at once.
The Evil Deities had already comprehended infinite energy. If he rashly created them, it would inevitably cause endless trouble. It was easy to invite the devil in, but difficult to send him away. This guy was really too difficult to deal with as his other self.
Seeing Luo Zheng's attitude, Xiuzhu's eyelids trembled slightly. She pursed her lips and nodded. "I understand. Thank you, Creator …" After saying this, she turned around and was about to leave.
Looking at Xiuzhu's back, Luo Zheng felt an inexplicable emotion in his heart. It was a kind of sad and depressed begging.
This emotion came from him, but it didn't belong to him. After the consciousness of the Evil Deities completely merged with him, it could more or less affect Luo Zheng's emotions.
The Evil Deities were begging him … or was he begging himself?
Luo Zheng shook his head helplessly and smiled bitterly. He called out to Xiuzhu again. "Wait."
Xiuzhu suddenly turned around and stared blankly at Luo Zheng.
"I will recreate him, but not now," Luo Zheng said.
It was not difficult to erase part of the memory of the Evil Deities and completely restrain them.
Hearing this, Xiuzhu knelt in the air and kowtowed three times to Luo Zheng before returning to the black ship.
Then Luo Zheng gently waved his hand and let the black ship follow behind Holy Mansion.
Wherever the ship and Holy Mansion passed, the energy hidden in the void began to fluctuate.
The golden ring-shaped sun in the deep sky was "restored" by Luo Zheng, followed by all kinds of broken tiles floating in the deep sky. The huge broken buildings and the relatively well-preserved Skywheel City were all "restored".
When Holy Mansion went all the way down, the huge strata floating in the void were also restored, and the deep-space races living in them were also reborn.
For these uncivilized barbarians, they didn't know when they fell, nor did they know when they were reborn. They didn't know that there was a demotion, and their peaceful life was not disturbed.
The only one who knew was Elder Xue.
He calmly welcomed death inside the Xiong tribe, and inexplicably welcomed rebirth. When he was puzzled, he saw Holy Mansion arrive. Luo Zheng welcomed him into Holy Mansion with a smile.
"Why?"
Elder Xue wanted an answer.
"Let Holy Mansion Master Wen answer for you," Luo Zheng replied.
Luo Zheng still had a lot of people to restore, and he didn't have time to explain them one by one.
After restoring the deep sky, he took Holy Mansion and the black ship back to the four-grid world.
In the empty world appeared the earth, mountains, rivers … … the four pillars, the Eternal Shrine, as well as numerous shattered sub-worlds … … Not long after, the immortal mansion and the black ship arrived at the entrance of the Primal Chaos World. The Human Spiritual King Bitter Tree had fallen here, and naturally was reborn here.
The memory of Ku Shu was still at the moment when he rushed out of the chaotic world. After his rebirth, he was also inexplicably surprised. Luo Zheng naturally gave the important task of solving the confusion to Wen Dizhi, and he drove Holy Mansion straight into the chaotic world.

Chapter 3913
The chaosworld was still empty, with only an immortal residence and a black ship floating within.
Restoring a subworld was a piece of cake for Luo Zheng, but he needed to know the sequence. There was no need to revive some of the dead.
"Mount Li …" Whoosh!
Boulders and soil began to fuse together.
Grass and trees began to grow rapidly. Buildings of various colors began to rise from the ground in various cities. The humans, Nuwa, and even the cats, dogs, snakes, insects, and ants that lived within were all accurately restored.
Mount Li hadn't been destroyed by the downfall. It had been destroyed by the chaotic creatures and the erosion of extreme energy in the Land of Extinction.
After reviving these people, all of Mount Li was still immersed in fear, even though the chaotic creatures had already disappeared.
"Your turn," Luo Zheng said to Nuwa.
"Mm!"
Nuwa's eyes glowed once more. Mount Li was her lifeline. When Mount Li was destroyed, she had been completely disheartened. Now that she saw Mount Li appear untouched, she couldn't help but feel excited.
Swoosh … Nuwa's figure flashed, and she stood on the jade platform.
"My people, Mount Li's most dangerous moment has passed …" The people of Mount Li still didn't know what had happened, but the sudden disappearance of the chaotic creatures, coupled with Nuwa's words of comfort, quickly calmed them down. However, what happened next left them dumbfounded.
"Mother world … restored …" Mount Li had already escaped from the mother world, but Luo Zheng had restored it, and Mount Li had returned to its original position.
To the living beings of Mount Li, a blue lid had suddenly appeared in the sky, and a clear sky had appeared at the peak of Mount Li.
"We … we've returned to the mother world?"
"Heavens, how did he do it?"
"A miracle, it must be a miracle …" The trillions of living beings in the mother world were restored as well. Luo Zheng had chosen the time after the Evil Deities had killed Ji Xuanyuan and Shennong. The mother world's environment had been relatively stable, and the trillions of living beings living there hadn't noticed anything unusual.
"Divine Domain, restore …" "Cemetery of the End, restore …" "Paramita, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …" "Primal Chaos World, restore …"
However, in the Land of Extinction, the Fallen One and the Snake Spirit King Luo Zheng were not restored. There was no need for these guys to exist.
In the Immortal Mansion, Luo Zheng gently swiped his hand. The bodies of Heavenly Primogenitor, Taishang Laojun, Jiang Ziya, Goddess Nvywa, Fuxi, Donghuang Taiyi, Zhurong, Gonggong, and Emperor Jun were all created. Wisps of Qi Souls also entered their bodies.
Then there was Chiyou and the whole Jiuli tribe … It was a piece of cake for Luo Zheng to restore people from different time points. However, everyone looked confused after they were restored, especially Jiang Ziya. He clearly died in the four-grid world, but was suddenly reborn in the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. One could imagine the horror in his heart.
Three days later.
Luo Zheng held a grand banquet in the Holy Realm Dwellers' Mansion. Nearly a thousand people attended.
Elder Ying and Concubine Yan were matchmakers.
Three months later.
There was another grand wedding in the Center God Province of the mother world. The leaders of the major provinces of the mother world traveled thousands of miles to celebrate. Nearly a hundred thousand people attended … Three years later.
The Luo family had six new children, three boys and three girls.
Thirty years later.
At the top of the deep space.
Luo Zheng looked at the gray soil layer in front of him with one hand behind his back.
In the past thirty years, he had done all kinds of common knowledge about the gray soil layer, such as digging a hole on it or digging out a piece of the gray soil layer. Cong had done similar actions before, and he could find them in his memory.
People's thirst for knowledge was endless … At first, Luo Zheng didn't understand why Cong wanted to create evil, but now he could.
For Cong, there was no difference between a perfect place and a thoughtless world.
At this level, eternal imprisonment and eternal freedom were the same concept. Everywhere was a prison. The only difference was the size of the prison.
In the past thirty years, Luo Zheng could achieve all the good things he wanted, and he could also achieve all the good things the people around him wanted. But these good things didn't seem so good to Luo Zheng.
He was more willing to spend time on the gray soil layer, trying to find out the slightest mystery from it.
But all his attempts were in vain.
"Phew …" Luo Zheng sighed slightly. He sat cross-legged in the air and stared motionlessly at the gray soil layer.
As he stared silently, he suddenly found a black crack at the top of the gray soil layer! Luo Zheng's eyes widened. His figure quickly floated up and came to the front of the black crack.
The gray soil layer was very difficult to destroy. It was impossible for such a crack to appear for no reason. A little dark green liquid seeped out of the black crack.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and tried to touch the dark green liquid. The moment he touched it, his eyes suddenly widened. A voice sounded in his mind.
"Luo Zheng, I have already left the perfect place …" "I know you will be curious about the world outside the perfect place, so I used this evil liquid to send you a message. This evil liquid is the only thing that can penetrate the gray soil layer …" "I was unable to find the boundary of the black soil layer, but I found an underground cave in the soil layer. This underground cave was opened up. They even opened up a secret passage of unknown length."
"When you received my message, I had already left through this secret passage."
"If you want to leave the perfect place one day, the opportunity lies with Evil Deities. That is the only way to leave."
After the voice disappeared, the dark green evil liquid quickly solidified and turned gray. The black crack quickly closed and disappeared as if it had never appeared.
"The opportunity to leave the perfect place lies with Evil Deities …" Luo Zheng muttered to himself.
Then, his figure suddenly disappeared. A moment later, he appeared halfway up Mount Li.
On the mountainside of Mount Li, there was a small clearing in the forest. In the middle of the clearing was a simple and crude thatched hut. This was Xiuzhu's residence. For the past thirty years, she had lived here in seclusion.
In truth, she had been silently waiting for the Creator to fulfill his promise to resurrect Evil Deities.
However, Xiuzhu had never urged Luo Zheng. It was as if she had endless patience. Even if it took thousands or tens of thousands of years, she would still wait.
When Xiuzhu saw Luo Zheng, she was slightly startled. Then, a faint smile appeared on her face. "Do you want to resurrect him?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"But he is very dangerous," Xiuzhu said seriously.
"That's why there's danger," Luo Zheng replied.
Energy surged in the air.
Matter condensed.
A physical body began to take shape.
A heart beat powerfully.
That person opened a pair of confused eyes. However, there was a trace of a sly smile on his lips.