Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(new)
Vol.11

Chapter 3405
After entering the Immortal Painting, the creatures of the Nirvana Realm all changed greatly. This "fox" moved through the maze like a normal Nirvana Realm creature. Naturally, no one doubted her and treated her as a Nirvana Realm creature.
When Luo Zheng said this, everyone's suspicions immediately increased greatly.
"You're a Curly Beast, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
The fox stood not far away and said with disdain, "That's the name you idiots gave me."
As an intelligent creature, she was very dissatisfied with this name.
"But it doesn't matter," the fox laughed again, "You're going to die just like the thousands of idiots before you."
As she said that, she waved her hand in the painting.
The two snakes that had blocked the way out slowly wriggled in the tunnel.
The snake Xie Qi was obviously under her control …
"Tens of thousands …" Fei Yu was shocked, "You killed thousands of people?"
"Maybe, but it should be more than that. I forgot," the fox said with a faint smile.
"You used the snake Xie Qi to kill them? That's impossible. The snake Xie Qi only appeared a few times. "
Kuai Jian questioned.
According to the historical records of Ping Yi Heaven, the snake Xie Qi only appeared five times. Only one of them was completely wiped out. The other four times, they didn't succeed. Those people chose to give up, and no second Xie Qi appeared.
"To kill you idiots, must I need Xie Qi?" The fox said sarcastically, "If you have any memory, you've also been completely wiped out in the Immortal Painting many times."
The test in the Immortal Painting was not smooth sailing. Although many people would choose to give up when they felt that it was difficult, there were still many people who wanted to force their way through.
Sometimes, when the Immortal Painting opened once, 30%, 50% would die. Sometimes, it was very abnormal that they would all die in the Immortal Painting. The reason for their death was unknown.
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation The creatures of the Nirvana Realm in Pingyi Heaven were all terrified of the Great Serpent Xie Qi as well as several other powerful curly beasts. However, they only knew about these curly beasts because someone had seen them and left the Immortal Painting alive.
They recorded it.
And in the Immortal Painting, there was a Curly Beast that had never been recorded, because those who saw her were all dead.
"Then what do we do now?" A Nirvana Realm creature trembled.
"Of course we wait for death," the fox replied.
"We'll kill you first!"
One of the Nirvana Realm creatures couldn't hold back his nerves and charged towards the fox.
The moment the Nirvana Realm creature approached the fox, the fox's body suddenly became small, like a projection of an object on the ground. It moved away, disappeared, and then suddenly reappeared!
Next, the Nirvana Realm creature was covered by the fox. Without seeing how the fox attacked, the Nirvana Realm creature was cut in half.
If Luo Zheng could observe from a higher perspective, he would see that the fox had jumped out of the second page of the immortal scroll in an instant. It flipped in the air, crossed its hands left and right on the second page of the immortal scroll, and gently tore it.
The painting of the Nirvana Realm creatures below her was split into two from the middle …
"It's the ability of Insect Tapir." Luo Zheng frowned.
Fei Yu, Kuai Jian, and the others also noticed it.
They originally wanted to swarm up and subdue the fox, but the strength that the fox displayed was equally terrifying. Even if so many of them joined forces to fight the tapir, it was not something that could be suppressed in a short period of time.
"Who else wants to die?" The fox's body gradually returned to normal, completely appearing on the immortal scroll.
"You're strong yourself, and you can directly control the Ogre Snake Xie Qi. Why don't you just kill us?" Luo Zheng asked seriously.
The two Ogre Snakes controlled by the fox could easily block their escape route.
Luring them all the way from the bottom to the top right corner of the Unending Labyrinth, the goal was to kill them. It was unnecessary.
Luo Zheng's question made the others perk up their ears.
But judging from the fox's answer, the result wouldn't be good.
"It's too wasteful to let the Ogre Snake Xie Qi swallow you all. There are still many of those Curly Beasts that you speak of who are starving …"
The fox turned around as it spoke, and walked towards the top right corner along the passage.
The two Ogre Snakes flanked them from both sides. Seeing that they were getting closer, their scalps tingled.
No matter how unwilling they were, they had no other choice. Compared to the fox, the threat of the Ogre Snake Xie Qi was more realistic …
So under the escort of the two Ogre Snakes, the group had no choice but to follow the fox slowly.
At the end of the top right corner, there were indeed some smaller Curly Beasts. Those Curly Beasts looked like dogs, and some of the Nirvana Realm creatures recognized them immediately.
"Those Curly Beasts look like Iron Hound Beasts?"
"They are Iron Hounds!"
"Are they planning to feed us to the dogs?"
Iron Hound Beasts were a very common Curly Beast on the first page. Many of the Nirvana Realm creatures present had seen and killed many of them. Naturally, they could recognize them at a glance.
"Hmm? That's right. You all seem to have become smarter all of a sudden, "the fox praised.
"…"
The Nirvana Realm creatures were silent. They had always been the favored ones in Fandu Heaven, and were the top existences in the entire Nirvana Realm. Now, they finally had a taste of being on the chopping block.
The Nirvana Realm creatures all felt a chill in their hearts.
Luo Zheng walked forward while quietly observing.
Because the entire tail of the maze was in the form of a nine-square grid, there were many crisscrossing passages. But every passage was blocked by Ogre Snake's body, completely blocking the way out …
When he followed the fox through another horizontal passage, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows abruptly.
At the top right corner, there were two symmetrical Hexagonal Star Formations!
"Fei Yu," Luo Zheng greeted in a low voice.
Fei Yu, Kuai Jian, and the other Nirvana Realm creatures also saw the two Hexagonal Star Formations.
In fact, there were many Hexagonal Star Formations at the end of the maze. Almost every three passages had two Hexagonal Star Formations.
But even if they relied on the Hexagonal Star Formations to transform into their original form, they were still no match for Ogre Snake. So along the way, no one planned to hide. That was no different from seeking death.
But now, it was different …
No one was willing to be fed to the dogs.
Rather than waiting for death, it was better to fight to the death.
These Nirvana Realm creatures obviously thought of the same thing.
Just as they passed by the passage, two groups of people rushed out from both sides.
In the blink of an eye, these Nirvana Realm creatures had already stepped into the Hexagonal Star Formation. One by one, they finally returned to their original form, and their expressions were as if they were facing a great enemy.

Chapter 3406
The fox stood at the top right corner of the Unending Labyrinth, looking at the scrambling scene with a cold smile.
There were many hexagonal star array rooms at the end of the Unending Labyrinth, these people would most likely escape into the hexagonal star array rooms if they were not willing to give up.
"Do you think you can fight me just because you've returned to your original form?"
"None of your seniors were able to escape from my hands. Do you think you can do it?"
"Hehehe …"
Her laughter was very crisp, like a wind chime being blown by a gentle breeze.
But in this beautiful laughter, there was a trace of coldness, this coldness seeped into the bones of all the Nirvana Realm beings, making them shiver.
Then she slowly turned back from the top right corner …
"She's coming down!"
"She's going to enter the hexagonal star array like this?"
"She's not going to command Otaki, she's going to do it herself?"
Everyone was very nervous.
Although they had returned to their original form, they did not think they could deal with Otaki.
If this fox had commanded Xie Qi to rush into the room with the Hexagon Star Array, it would still be able to crush everyone. Even if these people had some unique techniques, it would still be hard to deal with them.
But looking at the fox's posture, she was going to go alone?
When the fox walked to the center of the crisscrossing passageway, her footsteps paused. Luo Zheng, Fei Yu, Kuai Jian and the other Nirvana Realm beings were in the hexagonal star array room on the left, while Wu Dang and another group of Nirvana Realm beings were in the hexagonal star array room on the right.
Suddenly.
After a short while, she made her choice and walked towards the hexagonal star array room on the right.
Wu Dang and the other Nirvana Realm beings saw the fox walking towards them, their eyes flashed.
They did not have a good way to deal with Otaki, but if the fox came in, maybe they would have a chance?
In a situation that was originally a dead end, a chess piece suddenly appeared, anyone would grab this opportunity with all their might!
"Everyone, spread out!"
"Since she can command Otaki, if we capture her, we should be able to make Otaki retreat …"
"At this point, there's no need to hide anymore, use whatever methods you have!"
Wu Dang and the others were originally leaning against the corner of the wall. In the face of battle, they mustered the courage in their hearts and stood in a fan-shaped formation in the not spacious room. Power gathered in their bodies …
Fox stepped into the room. The moment she stepped onto the hexagonal array, she revealed her true form.
She looked like a thirteen or fourteen year old girl, but she had two furry ears on her head. Her entire body was emitting a faint halo, as flawless as a white jade. Her light purple hair hung down, covering her.
More than half of his face was covered by baby fat.
"This form is really disgusting …" The fox looked at its own body.
As a scroll beast, she believed that the form of a scroll was a higher form, and this kind of body that contained too many details was a very low level form.
"Everyone, attack!"
As soon as the fox returned to its normal form, Wu Dang let out a roar.
His body tilted slightly, and a purple jade tablet appeared in his hand.
"Pu!"
Wu Dang clenched his fist, and the purple jade tablet was crushed into powder.
As soon as the purple jade tablet was crushed, a purple shadow emerged from it. When the shadow appeared, it released a vast aura. This aura was confined to the room, and under the powerful pressure, everyone retreated.
A few steps.
Only the fox girl stood in place, dumbfounded, not moving at all.
"It's the Heaven Bestowal All Spirit Tablet! It seems to be a top grade tablet! "
"As expected of the Purple Cloud Clan, they actually let their clansmen carry this item!"
"… …"
When the other Nirvana Realm beings saw the purple shadow, the flames of hope in their hearts ignited.
The Heaven Bestowal All Spirit Tablet came from the 33 Heavens.
Within the 33 Heavens, there was a mountain called Heaven Bestowal, and within Heaven Bestowal Mountain lived a type of life form made of pure energy. This type of life form was similar to a pure energy body, and had a gentle temperament. There were many of them.
After they grew old, fell sick, and died, they would drill into a purple jade stone within Heaven Bestowal Mountain.
The more life forms that were immersed, the higher the grade of the jade stone.
According to the color division, the Heaven Bestowal All Spirit Tablet had a total of six grades. The sixth grade was called a top grade tablet, and even within the 33 Heavens, it was a powerful weapon!
This Heaven Bestowal All Spirit Tablet was a personal keepsake of Wu Dang's grandfather. It had been hidden away for many years without being used. It was originally given to Wu Dang for self-defense after he entered the 33 Heavens.
Wu Dang never thought that he would use this item in the Immortal Painting, but this fox girl had given him a chance. Naturally, he no longer had any misgivings. Compared to the precious tablet, his own life was more important.
"Hu hu hu …"
The purple shadow containing pure energy enveloped the fox girl. In the face of this powerful energy pressure, the fox girl only gently raised her hand, and two pale pink fingernails intertwined as she lightly flicked them.
It was as if she had flicked some law, and the law spread out from her fingertips.
The surging purple shadow was instantly suppressed, shrunk, and disappeared …
While Wu Dang was still in a daze, his chest suddenly suffered a heavy blow from a sledgehammer. With a "peng", his entire body was plastered to the wall.
His muscles, bones, and flesh exploded layer by layer, and his entire body was almost flattened. However, his soul was not severely injured, but he was on his last breath.
"They don't like to eat dead things," the fox girl emphasized.
She stretched out her pink finger and gently hooked it, peeling Wu Dang from the wall. She dragged him toward the Hexagonal Array and threw him out of the room.
The moment she threw him out, Wu Dang's body broke into pieces. The broken pieces turned into paintings and scattered on the white scroll. It was a shocking sight.
The iron hounds in the upper right corner seemed to have smelled blood. They slowly crawled along the passage and began to devour Wu Dang's broken body …
The remaining Nirvana Realm creatures in the room on the right trembled like a sieve. When they thought that they were going to become food for the iron hounds, they could not suppress the fear in their hearts.
"What a strange method!"
"We're going to die anyway. Let's fight!"
"…"
The Nirvana Realm creatures gathered their remaining courage and swarmed forward.
The fox girl's expression did not change. She gently clenched her finger, and her pink fingernails gently knocked and flicked.
"Peng peng peng peng …"
Wave after wave of tremendous force crashed into their chests. Regardless of whether it was the Earth Calamity Tribe with their powerful physical bodies or the Bee Luring Tribe with their fist-sized bodies, they were unable to retaliate at all. When their bodies were pressed against the wall, they were already on the verge of death.
The fox girl gently clenched her finger again, and these half-dead Nirvana Realm creatures turned into the shape of paintings and were thrown into the passage to feed the dogs.
After getting rid of the last Nirvana Realm creature, she slowly turned around and cast her gaze across the passage to the room on the left.

Chapter 3407
The doors of the two Hexagonal Star Array rooms were facing each other.
Luo Zheng and the others were in the room on the left. Since their vision was not blocked, they could see everything clearly. The group of Nirvana Realm creatures' faces turned green.
The fox girl knew that the Nirvana Realm creatures in the room on the right were looking from a distance. She pursed her lips and showed a youthful smile. "I'm coming."
Her pleasant voice was like the promise of the Judge of Life and Death. It turned into wisps of cold air and poured into the spines of everyone.
"Retreat …"
"We can only fight with her!"
"Fight? Even the Tian Feng All Spirits Board can't do anything. Do you have stronger means? "
The Nirvana Realm creatures in the room on the left were not weak. They also planned to fight back, but what was the actual result?
What was the most terrible thing? It was being helpless in a desperate situation.
They watched helplessly as the vixen walked out of the Hexagon Star Array. They watched helplessly as she turned into a beautiful painting and slowly moved towards them on the ground. However, they could not think of any countermeasures!
"What means did she use just now? It seems to have directly dissolved the energy in the Tian Feng All Spirits Board," Fei Yu said in a low voice. He was probably one of the few who could keep calm.
Luo Zheng was also in deep thought.
The Tian Feng All Spirits Board that Wu Dang used was very powerful. Even though they were not in the same room, Luo Zheng could still feel its strong power.
The fox girl did not directly confront the Tian Feng All Spirits Board. She did use some means to dissolve it …
But the powerful energy in the Tian Feng All Spirits Board was directly dissolved?
What means is this …
"I've never seen such means. I didn't even know there was such a powerful person hidden in the Immortal Picture Scroll," Heavenly Lord Yuanshi said with a serious face.
Even the knowledgeable Heavenly Lord Yuanshi could not understand. Luo Zheng's heart sank slightly.
Just when everyone was hesitating, Fei Yu suddenly said, "I have a Spirit Trapping Rope. As long as it traps a creature, it can stop all means!"
"Spirit Trapping Rope?"
The dim eyes of the Nirvana Realm creatures in the room suddenly brightened up.
The Nirvana Realm creatures who could enter the Immortal Picture Scroll were also the main targets of cultivation. As expected, they carried many good things with them.
"I don't know if the Spirit Trapping Rope is effective against that fox girl," Fei Yu said hesitantly.
"Regardless of whether it works or not, we can still give it a try." Luo Zheng's eyes were burning, and his fighting spirit was already brewing in his chest.
According to Luo Zheng's experience of wandering around in desperate situations, if he was indecisive at this time, he would die. If he fought back, he might still have a chance to live!
"Then …"
Fei Yu's eyes flashed with determination. After taking two steps forward, he shook his right hand and a golden rope appeared on his arm. The rope coiled around his arm like a snake.
Luo Zheng's figure flashes and stands on one side of the Hexagon Star Array.
Since this fox girl was a creature living in the immortal scroll, she must be different from them. Whether ordinary methods would work was a big question mark, but he had no other choice.
As for the other Nirvana Realm creatures, they retreated far away to the sides.
"No, it's useless …"
"That is an undefeatable existence!"
"We will all die. We will definitely die!"
After seeing the scene on the right side of the room, they had already lost their fighting spirit. Even if they were to fight against Luo Zheng and Fei Yu, it was futile in their eyes.
"Brother Luo Zheng, I have a treasure that can protect all of you."
Kuai Jian stood out too.
He held a small violet gourd in his hand. As he spoke, he pointed the mouth of the gourd at Luo Zheng and Fei Yu. This gourd mouth spat out a membrane of light that flickered with a faint luster.
As this membrane of light floated, it actually gathered on Luo Zheng and Fei Yu's bodies.
"This Heavenly Gourd Feather Coat can withstand 50,000 Deity jun of strength."
Kuai Jian said.
50,000 Deity jun of strength was not a small amount …
If it was given to those Sacred Soul Realm experts in the Mother World, coupled with their Chaotic Origin Spirit, they could even resist the attacks of ordinary Undying Realm experts. This Heavenly Gourd Feather Coat was clearly not an ordinary Nirvana Realm talisman.
Luo Zheng and Fei Yu did not speak. They watched as the fox girl on the ground slowly moved closer to the Hexagon Star Array. Following that, an eye-catching figure began condensing …
"Do it!" Luo Zheng ordered in a low voice.
Fei Yu extended his hand and shook it, causing the Spirit Confining Rope to coil around the fox girl.
At the moment the Spirit Confining Rope coiled around the fox girl, the energy within Luo Zheng's body suddenly erupted. A fist imbued with immense strength smashed down on the fox girl's head.
At the moment when Luo Zheng erupted with his strength, Fei Yu, Kuai Jian, and the other Nirvana Realm experts in the room were all stunned.
The Heaven Bestowal Myriad Spirit Tablet that Wu Dang brought out was already very powerful. But Luo Zheng's fist contained half of its aura. Did this mean that Luo Zheng's strength was comparable to half of the Heaven Bestowal Myriad Spirit Tablet?
That should be the strength of an Undying Realm expert, right?
Everyone present had come here for the sake of reaching the Undying Realm. None of them had reached the Undying Realm yet!
But the current situation was extremely dangerous. Even though everyone was shocked, they were still worried about the fox girl and not Luo Zheng. Could this fist smash the fox girl to death?
The fox girl who was bound by the Spirit Confining Rope did not react in time. She only saw a huge fist smashing down on her head.
"Boom!"
The moment Luo Zheng's fist touched the top of the fox girl's head, his heart skipped a beat. There was a chance!
After the fox girl was bound by the Spirit Confining Rope, she seemed to have lost all means and abilities. The top of her head was directly smashed by Luo Zheng. The scene was bloody and horrifying.
The fox girl who had half her head smashed did not die. She raised her right hand slightly and clasped two tender fingers together. It seemed that the strange ability was about to be released.
"Crack! Crack! "
Luo Zheng suddenly reached out with both hands and grabbed the fox girl's thin arms. With a fierce twist, the fox girl's arms were fractured. Naturally, she could not release the strange nomological power released from her fingertips.
At this moment, Luo Zheng naturally did not have the slightest bit of mercy. After breaking the fox girl's arms, his other fist smashed into her chest. The terrifying strength directly pierced through her chest and sent her petite body flying backward.
Because she was facing the Hexagonal Star Formation, she had turned into a painting on the ground and rushed out of the room when she was flying backward. She crashed into the wall on the opposite side of the aisle. Her originally incomplete body was smashed into pieces.
The painting that she had turned into was no longer in the shape of a human. Instead, it was scattered on the ground like a broken gunny sack.
Fei Yu was still holding the other end of the Spirit Confining Rope. Half of his Dragon-snaring Rope was in its normal form. The other half extended outside the room and was entangled with the tattered gunny sack painting.
"Is she dead?" Fei Yu asked with concern.
Even if the fox girl was smashed into pieces, he did not dare to take back the Spirit Confining Rope.
"If she was a normal Nirvana creature, she should be dead," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
With her head smashed and her chest pierced, even a strong person in the Immortal Realm would die.
Those Nirvana creatures who had chosen to give up also stared at the tattered gunny sack painting on the ground with bright eyes. Luo Zheng's performance had completely turned the situation around. They suddenly felt that they could survive.

Chapter 3408
Seeing the movement of the "broken sack" on the ground, everyone's heart skipped a beat.
She's still alive?
When a living being reached the level of a true god, their vitality would become extremely tenacious. It wouldn't matter if they lost an arm or a leg, or even if their organs were shattered.
But even if they reached the Nirvana Realm, their most important dantian and soul couldn't be damaged. If their dantian was destroyed, their cultivation would be gone, and if their soul was destroyed, they would die.
At least, the living beings that Luo Zheng had come into contact with at this stage couldn't escape this level. Even the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise of the Ten Great Beasts was no exception.
Luo Zheng didn't show any mercy just now. He only wanted to cut off the vixen's life.
His fierce strength almost crushed her into pieces, but she still wasn't dead?
"She's … fine?"
"What kind of monster is this? Did he not hurt her soul just now?"
"It can't be …"
When everyone saw that Luo Zheng and Fei Yu had worked together to kill the vixen, their hearts rose to the sky. They thought that it would be a simple escape from death, but now …
The pile of things that had fallen to the ground moved slowly. As they moved, these black lumps continued to merge and recombine.
When the pile of things reached the door, it was almost in the shape of the vixen.
"She's back." Fei Yu's face was full of bitterness.
"Then let's do it again," Luo Zheng said expressionlessly.
In any case, they didn't have a way to punish the vixen. If they could still smash her into pieces, then they could just continue like this. She couldn't be reborn endlessly!
The vixen entered the Hexagon Star Array again. At this time, Fei Yu's Spirit Trapping Rope had already been retracted. He saw that the vixen was about to reform again, so he suddenly threw the Spirit Trapping Rope to bind her again.
At the same time, the power in Luo Zheng's body suddenly exploded, blasting towards the vixen.
But at this time, the vixen's body suddenly flashed with a glassy luster. Her snow-white skin suddenly became translucent. After becoming translucent, her body became abnormally strong every time.
"Bang!"
The moment she saw Luo Zheng's fist coming at her, she raised her hand and easily caught Luo Zheng's fist. This punch that contained 80,000 Shen Jun's strength was easily blocked by her!
"You think this rope can trap me?" The fox girl grabbed Luo Zheng's fist with one hand and grabbed the Spirit-Trapping Rope with the other.
"You can't?"
Fei Yu's pupils shrank slightly.
Actually, when he saw the vixen's body turn into a glassy color, he already knew that something was wrong. If the Spirit Trapping Rope was effective, the vixen would not have such a transformation. The only explanation was that the rope was completely ineffective!
The fox girl grabbed the Spirit Trapping Rope and pulled it gently. The end of the rope was pulled out of Fei Yu's hand and she threw it on the ground. Her big eyes turned to Luo Zheng and a smile appeared on her translucent face. "You're still here?"
He didn't give up? I think they have all given up. "
Most of the Nirvana Realm creatures in the room didn't have any fighting spirit. They were either pinning their hopes on Luo Zheng or waiting for death. Only Fei Yu and Kuai Jian had a little fighting spirit.
But the guy in front of him was completely different. There seemed to be sparks burning in his eyes. Although he was silent, his fighting spirit was boiling. He didn't seem to have any intention of giving up.
"Why should I give up?"
Luo Zheng opened his eyes. His other hand grabbed onto the shoulder of the vixen.
After the body of the vixen turned translucent, her body became slippery and extremely tough. Luo Zheng grabbed her shoulder and pulled her up from the ground before slamming her onto the ground.
"Hong!"
Energy ripples spread out in all directions. Those Nirvana Realm creatures who were leaning against the wall felt this spreading energy and were suppressed to the point of suffocation.
The Hexagonal Star Array room was constructed using the laws of the Instant Civilization. It was almost indestructible. Hence, the ground was naturally tough. This slamming force was not weak at all.
But this vixen with a glassy body didn't show any signs of cracking …
She continued slumping her body and looked at Luo Zheng with ridicule. "90,000 Divine Jun strength, is that your limit?"
In close combat, Luo Zheng could release about two hundred thousand Godly Juns!
But if he did so, Luo Zheng's Chaotic Origin Spirit would temporarily fall into a state of fatigue. Even though it would only last for a short period, it would still be dangerous.
Hence, Luo Zheng controlled his strength to below 100,000 Divine Jun.
Seeing the mocking expression of the vixen, Luo Zheng lifted her into the air with a kick. His body suddenly pressed down, causing the Divine Jun strength to surge out once again.
Another fist smashed onto the chest of the vixen.
"Hong!"
The vixen was sent flying and smashed against the wall.
A Nirvana Realm creature beside the vixen trembled. If he were to be smashed by the vixen, he would most likely die.
"This little strength isn't enough." The vixen retracted her mocking smile. She was planning to kill him.
Seeing the transparent glassy body gradually fading away, Luo Zheng lightly raised his left hand. He gave a signal with his eyes, "Fei Yu!"
"Shua!"
The Spirit Confining Rope bound her body once again.
At the moment the Spirit Confining Rope bound the vixen, her expression turned sluggish. Her slender index finger and thumb clasped together, yet she did not trigger the law energy. The Spirit Confining Rope had taken effect …
On that childish face of hers, a pair of curved eyebrows suddenly stood up. She felt humiliated as though her thoughts were seen through. "Very good. Since you want to die in a more aggrieved manner, I'll fulfill your wish!"
It turned out that the Spirit Confining Rope was not ineffective. At least, it could prevent her from using the sacred art of clasping her fingers. After being bound by the Spirit Confining Rope, she could not use any sacred art. She could only transform into her glassy form. But in this glassy form, she could not use any sacred art.
Previously when the vixen snatched the Spirit Confining Rope and threw it on the ground, Luo Zheng had secretly transmitted a message to Fei Yu, asking him to retrieve the Spirit Confining Rope.
Even though Luo Zheng did not know what other trump cards or sacred arts the vixen had, he could not resist against the strange power of clasping her fingers. With the Spirit Confining Rope, he could at least prevent her from using that technique.
The glassy color that had faded away reappeared on the surface of her body. At the same time, she reached out to grab the Spirit Confining Rope.
However, Fei Yu was very quick-witted. He did not miss the opportunity to pull back the Spirit Confining Rope. He looked at the vixen with vigilance.
In any case, Fei Yu understood that only one of them could survive today. He was not afraid of offending the vixen.
"If that's the case, then I'll just beat you to death!"
The vixen did not want to play a game of seesaw with Fei Yu. A ruthless expression flashed across her face. Her glassy hand pierced the head of the Nirvana Realm creature beside her like lightning.
"Pop!"
The Nirvana Realm creature's head exploded like a watermelon.
In the next moment, her petite body, which was not even as tall as Luo Zheng's chest, crashed into Luo Zheng.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng was sent flying and stuck to the wall on the other side.

Chapter 3409
Not long after Luo Zheng and the others passed through the ice cave, the two Ning Bingnu came out of the ice cave and chased after them.
If it were other Five Elements Spiritual Slaves, they would not be able to move forward in this extremely low temperature. However, Ning Bingnu's body temperature was extremely low, so they could walk freely in this environment.
After the originally crystal clear Ning Bingnu rushed to the upper layer of the ice field, a layer of white frost immediately condensed on the surface of their bodies. They were originally very agile, but in this environment, they became a little slow.
"Follow them!"
"Gather the other Five Elements Spiritual Slaves and encircle them!"
Because of what happened to Huan Leinu, the two Ning Bingnu were very smart and did not choose to attack. Instead, they followed Luo Zheng and the others all the way.
Luo Zheng sped forward while looking at the movement behind him.
"Why do they keep following us like this?" Li Bianxue asked.
"This is the most troublesome thing," Phoenix shook her head.
If Luo Zheng got rid of them, he could naturally find a place to wait for the Soul Breaking Sand on Phoenix to lose its effect. Then, the three of them could quietly leave the other side and avoid this disaster. They could then think about how to enter the 31st Layer of Heaven in the future.
But if they kept following them like this, there was no chance for them to leave the other side!
"We have to find a way to get rid of them!"
Luo Zheng said in a low voice.
After speeding forward for a short distance, he abruptly stopped in his tracks.
"Sizzle —"
While stabilizing his body on the ice, he rushed toward the two Ning Bingnu in the opposite direction.
The two Ning Bingnu were also very alert.
When Luo Zheng stopped, they also stopped. Seeing Luo Zheng rushing toward them, they also raised their wings and retreated quickly.
They kept a distance of hundreds of feet from him, neither too far nor too close.
Seeing that he could not catch up with them, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of helplessness. He could only turn back and move forward …
At the same time, another layer of ice on the upper layer of the ice field suddenly collapsed. The cold wind rushed in and a huge ice cave appeared.
"Crack!"
A huge flaming hand reached out from the ice cave and pressed down on the edge of the ice cave. A huge body leaped out from the cave. The body was covered in green flames. It was a Moon Fire Slave.
"Phew! It's cold! "
The Moon Fire Slave shivered.
Yu Sheng-tian's extremely cold environment naturally didn't welcome Moon Fire Slaves.
Therefore, if the Moon Fire Slaves wanted to climb to the second layer of the Icefield, they had to make special preparations.
The armor on its body was similar to the Yuan Spirit Divine Fire Shield.
As long as a certain amount of flame was injected, it would be able to resist the extreme cold.
Even with the protection of the armor, the low temperature still annoyed the Moon Fire Slave.
However, the order had already been given. The human brat they had been waiting for had actually fled to the Upper Ice Plains. This was a result that no one had expected.
As long as they caught the kid, their mission would be completed. They did not need to stay in this cold for too long …
Burly Moon Fire Slaves kept crawling out of the square ice cave.
After these Moon Fire Slaves determined the direction, they ran wildly in that direction. Even the ice layer, which was hundreds of feet thick, started to shake as if there was an earthquake under the running of so many Moon Fire Slaves …
On the other side of the Upper Ice Plains, a bowl-sized ice cave appeared.
"Pipa!"
Bolts of lightning, which were as thick as bowls, crawled out of the ice cave.
The Huan Leinu, which was originally like a long snake, coiled around in the air and quickly turned into strange and abstract human figures.
The Huan Leinu were all silent. After determining the direction, they ran straight in that direction.
The Huan Leinu immediately intertwined with each other like long snakes, making explosive sounds as they moved forward at an extremely high speed.
The two Ning Bingnu kept sending Luo Zheng's location to their companions. The Five Elements Spirit Slaves formed a huge circle and surrounded him from all directions.
"Pipa, pipa …"
When Luo Zheng heard the rumbling of thunder again, his face slightly darkened.
He glanced to the left and saw bursts of lightning in the distance. It must be the Huan Leinu rapidly approaching.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
At the same time, the ground began to shake rhythmically again. On the other side, the burly Moon Fire Slaves were also chasing after them …
The Five Elements Spirit Slaves became more and more powerful. Luo Zheng and the others' escape route became narrower and narrower.
After sprinting forward for a short distance, he saw the Cold Prison that was dozens of kilometers wide.
They were surrounded by the Five Elements Spirit Slaves on their left, right, and rear. In front of them was the Cold Prison, which was like a forbidden area. The three of them really had no way out.
"What should we do …" Li Bianxue bit her lips tightly.
She was still young. She did not want to die, nor did she want her Yang Soul to be trapped in Yu Sheng-tian.
Luo Zheng frowned and did not respond to Li Bianxue. He just frowned and slowly retreated with his back against the Cold Prison.
Just then, the Yuanshi Tianzun suddenly said, "Luo Zheng, go near the Cold Prison!"
"Go near the Cold Prison?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
The bald giant imprisoned in the largest Cold Prison was not to be trifled with. In other words, the bald giant's strength was much more terrifying than the Five Elements Spirit Slaves!
If they went near the Cold Prison without permission, they would be attacked by the bald giant. Wasn't this courting death?
"In comparison, the bald giant should hate Genryū more," the Yuanshi Tianzun replied.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly raised.
There was no way out in front of them.
Even the Yuanshi Tianzun would find it difficult to fight against so many Five Elements Spirit Slaves …
If the Yuanshi Tianzun's hypothesis was true, they could fight for it!
According to the Tianzhi Civilization, the bald giant should have been captured by the Yuanling Civilization. He must hate Genryū the most.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly, then said to the green figure, "Help me activate the Tianzhi Core. I want to see the situation in the Cold Prison!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Tianzhi Core in the distance was activated again.
Because the Tianzhi Civilization had already deciphered the light spots in the Cold Prison before, it was very easy to decipher it a second time. As two green lights flashed, the scene in the Cold Prison was instantly reflected in Luo Zheng's eyes.
He wouldn't have known if he didn't take a look, but when he did, Luo Zheng was shocked.
The bald giant was already lying on the edge of the Cold Prison, his body bent forward and his arms tensed. He looked like he was ready to pounce at any time!
The Yuanshi Tianzun had guessed one thing correctly. The bald giant hated the Yuanling Civilization to the core and wanted to tear Genryū's people to pieces at all times. Now that he saw the Five Elements Spirit Slaves, he even wanted to swallow them whole.
The Moon Fire Slaves naturally could not understand the light spots in the Cold Prison. They did not know that there was a powerful existence in the Cold Prison eyeing them covetously. They only knew that there was no way out for Luo Zheng.
"Human brat, you have no way out. Come back with us obediently, and we can still spare your life," the Moon Fire Slave at the front said with a sinister smile.
This Moon Fire Slave was already planning to drill a hole in the ice and return to the lower layer of the Ice Field. The low temperature here was really annoying.
Luo Zheng did not answer, but continued to retreat.
The bald giant was bound by chains and could only attack within a range of three hundred feet outside the Cold Prison.

Chapter 3410
The fox girl saw that she was being obstructed by the bone piece. She immediately pulled out her blood-stained hand and pierced towards Luo Zheng's Dantian once again.
Luo Zheng had already predicted this action of hers. He twisted his body once again.
The fox girl revealed a grin. She thought that Luo Zheng would still struggle futilely like before. But this time, as Luo Zheng twisted his body, he stomped on the ground and bounced up like a zombie.
At the same time, the exhausted Chaotic Origin Spirit in Luo Zheng's body had already been repaired.
"Hu!"
A green feather appeared above Luo Zheng's head. It was the Green Jade Feather brought out by the Green Jade Civilization's Tool of Civilization. At the moment this feather was brought out, Luo Zheng's agility greatly increased.
But this was far from enough!
"Senior Primordial Heavenly Sage!"
That green book of the Human race started flipping through the pages. When the green book stopped at a certain page, it corresponded to a certain location within Luo Zheng's inner world that started flashing with green light.
That was a pond constructed in the sky. It was called the Phoenix Pond.
After Primordial Heavenly Sage occupied Luo Zheng's inner world, he assigned many missions to the Human race. The Phoenix Pond was one of them.
Be it the Primordial Heavenly Sage or the true body of Nuwa, their remnant souls were extremely weak. They could only borrow the Human Race's Tool of Civilization.
The book let out a light, causing green ripples to appear on the surface of the Phoenix Pond. Those green ripples rushed out of Luo Zheng's inner world like a waterfall. Following which, they were released from the surface of Luo Zheng's body.
With the support of the two Nirvana Lifeforms, Luo Zheng's speed increased tremendously!
The fox girl did not treat Luo Zheng as a threat. She remained expressionless as she tried to grab onto Luo Zheng. In her opinion, dismembering Luo Zheng would only take three to five breaths of time.
Who would have thought that with this grab, Luo Zheng was like a slippery loach that slid behind her.
"Ka!"
He grabbed onto the back of the fox girl and threw her towards the wall by the side.
"Hong!"
The fox girl's body was about to hit the wall. Her legs gently bent and she stood firmly on the wall. She said, "You've become faster? But it's still useless. It's useless. With your strength, you're just scratching an itch.
Itchy! "
She fiercely kicked off the wall with her legs. Unexpectedly, she turned her body upside down and kicked towards Luo Zheng's head.
If this kick landed, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to survive!
However, Luo Zheng, whose speed had skyrocketed, merely tilted his shoulder slightly and dodged the kick that had a force of more than 100,000 Shenjun. The fox girl's kick spiraled out and directly kicked another Nirvana Realm creature.
Although the Nirvana Realm creature tried his best to evade, the Hexagonal Star Formation room was only so big. By the time he realized the danger, there was no space left for him to evade.
"Boom!"
The fox girl's foot swept across the Nirvana Realm creature's head, and the head instantly exploded into blood foam. The Nirvana Realm creature immediately became a headless corpse. After swaying a few times, it laid on the ground powerlessly, with blood gushing out from the wound on its neck.
。
When the other Nirvana Realm creatures saw this scene, they were like white rabbits meeting a tiger. They hid in a corner and trembled. They did not dare to resist and could only pray that Luo Zheng could eliminate this monster …
They could not keep up with his speed at all. Even if they hid in a corner, they would become collateral damage if they were careless. This feeling was worse than fighting with their lives on the line!
Instead, there were two Nirvana Realm creatures who used their unique techniques. One of them turned his body into a grayish-brown poisonous fog. He did not think that his poisonous fog could defeat the fox girl. He did it to protect himself.
The other Nirvana Realm creature shrunk himself to the size of a fist and hid in a corner. This way, he would be much safer …
After Luo Zheng's speed increased, he finally had a chance to catch his breath.
Before the Chaotic Origin Spirit recovered, he was not willing to fight against the fox girl head-on. He could only rely on his nimble body to dodge. At the same time, Luo Zheng was analyzing the situation at high speed.
The fox girl had increased the strength in her hands almost every time she attacked. Currently, her strength was close to 200,000 Shenjun!
This meant that her fleshy body could withstand a strength of 200,000 Shenjun.
Luo Zheng could only exert strength of 200,000 Shenjun with his fleshy body. It was unlikely that he could shatter the Colored Glass Body of the fox girl …
"Hong!"
"Hong!"
Luo Zheng's figure moved swiftly. He barely dodged two attacks from the fox girl. Her strength had increased to 220,000 Shenjun.
Perhaps it was because of her powerful physical body, but the fox girl's attacks became more casual. Every smash was earth-shattering.
"Dodging like this is meaningless." The fox girl continued chasing and smashing as she sighed: "Even if I give you a chance to counterattack, what can you do? The limit of my God Crystal is not something you can imagine. "
In her opinion, even if she stood at her original spot and allowed Luo Zheng to smash her, Luo Zheng would not move at all.
After the Chaotic Origin Spirit recovered, Luo Zheng seized the opportunity to send out a few punches on the fox girl. He controlled his strength to around 90,000 Shenjun and could not injure her at all.
"Peng!"
As the two figures crossed each other, Luo Zheng circled behind her and sent out a kick at her back. This kick that was close to 100,000 Shenjun was easily blocked by her.
Seeing this scene, despair appeared on the faces of Fei Yu and the others.
If Luo Zheng had displayed his full strength, it meant that they were doomed. After all, Luo Zheng could not injure his opponent at all.
And in this narrow room, Luo Zheng would fail sooner or later. Failure meant death.
"You should be able to control strength of more than 100,000 Shenjun. Why don't you dare to exceed 100,000 Shenjun?"
After blocking Luo Zheng's kick, the fox girl giggled as she turned around to grab at him. But Luo Zheng had already floated away and barely avoided this calamity.
In this extremely difficult battle, Luo Zheng's performance was unusually silent.
It was not that he did not have a chance. Currently, the only thing he could rely on was that Celestial Spear.
At the 31st Layer of Heaven, Luo Zheng had given the Celestial Spear to Li Bianxue for safekeeping. Before entering the Immortal Painting Scroll, Luo Zheng used his Yang Soul Body to take it back from Li Bianxue.
By relying on the Three Clear Stone, Luo Zheng had already fused his soul and body as one. Hence, Luo Zheng could similarly open the Sumeru Space in his Yang Soul.
"Or do you think you have some trump cards that allow you to counterattack?"
The fox girl suddenly felt reluctant to kill this plaything of hers.
In the Immortal Painting Scroll, she had hunted and killed many of such low-leveled lifeforms. These lifeforms that lacked a string were so weak in her eyes. They could not even withstand a single blow.
This human in front of her was most likely the only one who had played with her for so long.
Even though there were some special reasons — most likely because they were in the Hexagonal Star Array room.
But no matter what, it was not bad for him to be able to withstand her attacks.
"Sou!"
"If you have this kind of trick, use it quickly. Otherwise, you won't have a chance!"
As she spoke, the fox girl jumped directly onto the roof of the room more than ten Zhang high. Then, with a kick of her legs, she swooped down toward Luo Zheng.
This was purely using her own body as a weapon. It was so ruthless and unreasonable.
She had used the same trick several times. Every time, it was extremely threatening. Luo Zheng had no choice but to flee in panic.

Chapter 3411
This time, the Celestial Spear had recovered to its peak state. It could amplify Luo Zheng's strength by nine times.
If he were to go all out, Luo Zheng would be able to unleash a power of one million and two hundred thousand Shen Jun, then the power of this attack would be as high as one million and eight hundred thousand Shen Jun.
But there was only one chance. Hence, Luo Zheng was exceptionally careful.
When he was dealing with the fox girl, he was extremely patient. He was waiting for this chance!
"Weng!"
200,000 Deity Monarchs of strength surged along his arms like a tide.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit could only withstand 100,000 Deity Monarchs. The remaining 100,000 Deity Monarchs of strength had to be resisted by Luo Zheng's fleshy body. And this 100,000 Deity Monarchs of strength was already the limit of Luo Zheng's body.
"Ka, ka, ka …"
When Luo Zheng wielded the Celestial Spear, fine cracking sounds could be heard coming from his body.
When his body reached its limit, Luo Zheng's bones could no longer withstand the strength, causing fine cracks to appear on them.
If Luo Zheng remained in this state for a period of time, his body would most likely disintegrate.
But the Celestial Spear had already lashed out at the fox girl.
After infusing 200,000 Deity Monarchs of strength into it, the Celestial Stone embedded at the front emitted an astonishing light. An indescribable weight pressed down on the tip of the spear.
When Luo Zheng brandished the spear, the spear body was pressed into a full moon shape!
"Hu!"
Everyone could only feel a gust of wind rushing at them. This gust of wind was like a spear or a blade cutting at their faces. The intense pain forced them to dodge instinctively. But there was nowhere to run in the room.
The fox girl had never treated Luo Zheng as an opponent. She had never thought that Luo Zheng would bring out such a weapon.
When she felt the strength released by the Celestial Spear, that glazed face revealed a look of shock.
She could not deduce how strong the Celestial Spear was, but her intuition told her that she would definitely die under this spear!
The Deity Crystal was an extremely strong state. Under normal circumstances, it could not be broken. But once the strength exceeded a certain limit, as long as a single point was broken, her entire body would shatter!
Fei Yu and Kuai Jian's eyes flashed with a strange light. They didn't expect Luo Zheng to have such a trick up his sleeve.
Just as the Celestial Spear was about to hit the fox girl, a huge hand suddenly made a stroke in the direction of the Endless Labyrinth, and this stroke happened to be in the Hexagonal Star Array room where Luo Zheng was.
On the immortal scroll, this stroke was a black mark, but in the room, there was a wall, a wall between the fox girl and Luo Zheng.
The Celestial Spear, which contained a force of 1,800,000 godly catties, smashed into the wall.
Boom!
Along with the roaring sound, the entire Endless Labyrinth shook violently, the two Great Snakes that were blocking the way were also restless, they controlled a lot of power, naturally they were afraid of a stronger power.
Even though the wall was indestructible, it still caved in under such a powerful force.
Looking from the top of the immortal scroll, the newly drawn lines were even more distorted.
But the crying face was not worried that the wall would be smashed through, because all the walls in the Endless Labyrinth were a whole, unless the whole labyrinth was erased, it was impossible to destroy it.
This smash was blocked by a wall that suddenly appeared, Luo Zheng was startled, and his face darkened.
Regardless of how the wall appeared, at least Luo Zheng had no way to counter the fox girl.
The fox girl originally planned to close her eyes and wait for death, but when she saw the wall suddenly appear, she was stunned for a moment, then her eyebrows rose, and her small face fell into deep thought.
After a few breaths, the killing intent on the fox girl's face reappeared, and her figure flashed, she wanted to go around the wall to chase Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth, and his figure retreated.
The fox girl had just taken two steps, and with a whoosh, another wall appeared in front of her.
She still didn't want to give up, and her figure retreated, wanting to go around from the other side.
Whoosh!
After the third wall appeared, she was completely isolated.
The hexagonal star formation room was divided into an inner and outer room, and the fox girl couldn't enter it, so she had no choice but to enter the hexagonal star formation and turn into a flat painting.
The moment she turned into a painting, she stood up on the painting, looking at the face in the sky, the face that was constantly changing between crying and laughing.
"Lord Enforcer! Why did you stop me from killing him? "The fox girl asked angrily.
"Because you have already lost," the smiling face said in a deep voice, "If I hadn't acted, you would have been smashed by him."
"But shouldn't you have been helping me?" The fox girl asked again.
"Hahaha …" The smiling face continued to gloomily say, "I helped you because I needed you to do something that was inconvenient for me to do, not to help you slaughter the people in the passage. If it was only to slaughter, I could do it myself."
Hearing this, the fox girl was speechless for a moment.
Everything she had, everything they had, was given to them by this face, and this was indeed reasonable.
However, the fox girl's brain turned very quickly, and she suddenly reacted, "No, you wouldn't have been paying attention to me because you were worried about me!"
There was no doubt about the fox girl's strength, and it was almost impossible for her to encounter danger in the immortal scroll. The Enforcer wouldn't have been paying attention to her all the time and save her in a moment of crisis.
The only possibility was that the Enforcer had been paying attention to someone …
The answer was obvious. The Enforcer was worried about the safety of the human boy who was fighting with her!
The fox girl's guess was right. The Enforcer's eyes never moved away from Luo Zheng. He wanted to see how far Luo Zheng could go, but he didn't expect that Luo Zheng could kill the fox girl.
At the critical moment, he saved her and stopped the two from continuing to fight.
"Why? Is he special? "The fox girl asked.
"Yes," the smiling face replied affirmatively.
"Is it possible for him to enter the last room?" The fox girl's expression changed.
"At least he passed your test," the smiling face turned into a crying face, but the voice was unusually cheerful.
The fox girl was silent for a moment, thinking that the Enforcer's words were reasonable.
Putting aside the Enforcer's abnormal behavior of silently protecting him, that human boy did indeed defeat her and even "killed" her.
"I only know that he is the person we should be waiting for, but I'm not sure whether he can enter the last room," the crying face said faintly, "But he is the most likely, so according to the agreement, you should come forward."
"Understood, Enforcer."
The fox girl's body lay in the immortal scroll and returned to the room again.
Because of several walls, Luo Zheng and others couldn't leave.
They didn't understand what had happened at all, and they were worried about their next fate.
At this moment, they heard the sound of something being erased, and the walls quickly disappeared in front of them.

Chapter 3412
These Nirvana Realm beings paced back and forth in fear. They were so nervous that their nerves were numb.
They did not even think of escaping. Instead, they stared at the fox girl with indifferent eyes.
Kill them or torture them. Since they could not escape, they might as well die a quick death.
The fox girl glanced at Luo Zheng with a complicated gaze.
She had the home ground advantage, yet she was still defeated by this fella. Perhaps luck played a part in it, but a defeat was still a defeat. This meant that the enforcer had chosen the right person.
"You, come out." The fox girl coldly said.
Luo Zheng had already repaired the Chaotic Origin Spirit in his body and was on guard against the fox girl. When he heard that she wanted him to come out, he was startled momentarily. He frowned and asked, "What do you mean?"
"You have defeated me. I should tell you some things." The fox girl said.
"I'm not going." Luo Zheng rejected her at the first instance.
He did not know what happened to the fox girl. But the moment she transformed back into Hua 'er, the gap in strength between him and the fox girl would be even greater. He would be at her mercy.
The fox girl saw how vigilant Luo Zheng was. For a moment, she could not think of a way to persuade him. After pondering for a moment, she turned her gaze to those Nirvana Realm beings behind Luo Zheng, "You all can leave first."
Since Luo Zheng was not willing to leave, she could just clear this room.
"We are not going anywhere …"
"There are still huge snakes guarding outside. We are just seeking death if we go out!"
"…"
Seeing how resolute these people were, the fox girl understood that she was a huge threat to them.
Honestly speaking, she originally intended to let Luo Zheng go. After all, Luo Zheng was the only one who defeated her. But after recalling the words of the enforcer, she felt that there was no longer any meaning in slaughtering these people.
"You all can leave. I will bring the Great Snake Xie Qi away." The fox girl said.
"What!"
"She is really going to let us go?"
"She …"
Everyone could not believe their ears.
Seeing how these people were still looking at her with suspicion, the fox girl pursed her lips. Only then did she send a message to the Great Snake Xie Qi. The two Great Snakes then slowly retreated from the upper right corner of the Unbroken Maze.
Even though the two serpents had already retreated and disappeared, the crowd still didn't believe it. They were really scared …
The fox girl gritted her teeth and said, "I'll give you three breaths of time. If you don't leave, I'll kill you!"
As soon as he said that, the Nirvana Realm creatures rushed out of the room one after another. They stepped on the Hexagonal Star Formation and transformed into a painting before leaving in a hurry.
Before Fei Yu and Kuai Jian left, they both looked at Luo Zheng and wished him luck.
It seemed that the fox girl really didn't intend to kill anyone. But if she left Luo Zheng alone, who knew what would happen …
After they left, the fox girl asked, "You obtained a total of eighteen seals in Soul City and the Disgraced Bone Land?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng answered honestly.
Since the other party asked this question, he must have figured it out, and Luo Zheng had no need to hide it.
The fox girl smiled again. "What kind of bloodline do you want?"
Faced with such a question, Luo Zheng was somewhat speechless.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven had said that the most difficult part of the Immortal Painting was on the third page, which was the big whirlpool. Inside the big whirlpool was also the time to test oneself.
As mentioned before, those seals could indeed help Luo Zheng go further, but it didn't mean that the more seals he had, the further he would go. The fox girl asked him what kind of bloodline he wanted …
"I entered the Immortal Painting with all my strength. What kind of bloodline I get will depend on the heavens," Luo Zheng answered after thinking for a while.
Man proposes, God disposes. He had always been like this.
"I want you to go to the end." The fox girl's expression suddenly became very serious.
"The end?" Luo Zheng smiled. "There are so many seniors who entered the Immortal Painting. I'm not confident that I can go to the end."
Genryū almost controlled the Nirvana Realm. There were countless elites among them. It would be very difficult for Luo Zheng to surpass them all in one go. At least, Luo Zheng wasn't confident.
"I don't want you to surpass those good-for-nothings. I want you to go to the end. Do you know what the end means? Those guys you mentioned only got the origin bloodline. They're still far from it! "the fox girl said excitedly.
"The origin bloodline?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"We've never heard of the origin bloodline. Maybe it's the fox girl's own definition," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said. "We usually divide the big whirlpool on the third page of the Immortal Painting into an inner circle and an outer circle.
It's best if you listen to what she has to say. "
In any case, the fox girl's lack of hostility was the best thing that could happen.
"The bloodlines in that world are divided into three levels. The weakest level is the ordinary origin bloodline. The sixteen outer circles of the big whirlpool are all origin bloodlines," the fox girl said. "The four inner circles are the origin bloodlines."
"It's similar to our division," the Primeval Lord of Heaven nodded. "The outer circle is the sixteen outer circles, and the inner circle is the four inner circles. The bloodlines obtained in the inner circle are much stronger than those in the outer circle."
Most Immortal realm experts obtained the bloodlines of the outer circle, which were ordinary origin bloodlines. For example, Chi You and Hou Yi. Only a few Immortal realm experts obtained the inner circle bloodlines.
"You mean to say that the origin bloodline I obtained isn't enough? Isn't that already very powerful? "Luo Zheng asked.
The origin bloodline was already comparable to the powerhouses of the 33 Heavens. Wasn't that enough?
After hearing Luo Zheng's words, the fox girl's eyes were filled with disappointment. "That's far from enough. If you came to the Immortal Painting just to obtain an origin bloodline, then I can end your life right now."
The fox girl raised her hand, her thumb and index finger intertwined. As long as these two fingers touched, Luo Zheng would die without a doubt.
She used the power of law unique to this passage, which was also a Theurgy given to her by the author. In theory, apart from the author, no one could contend against her.
Seeing the fox girl's somewhat violent expression, Luo Zheng secretly rolled his eyes. He had never seen such an excessive person. However, thinking of the fox girl's seemingly cute but violent personality, Luo Zheng could only express his attitude. "I'll do my best, but you said the origin bloodline?
The origin bloodline isn't enough. What bloodline is stronger than the origin bloodline? "
"Origin level," the fox girl said, stretching out five fingers. "There are five types of Origin level bloodlines in the room at the end. You have to get one of them. If you can't get it, don't come back. I will kill you."
The corner of Luo Zheng's mouth couldn't help but twitch when he saw how serious the fox girl was. He couldn't casually choose a bloodline now. If he couldn't get the so-called origin bloodline, he wouldn't be able to leave this place alive ….
At this time, the Primeval Lord of Heaven fell into deep thought.
As far as he knew, the origin bloodlines of the inner circle were already the most powerful bloodlines. As long as he obtained one of them, he would be qualified to establish a sect in the 32nd or 33rd Heavens. At the very least, he would be able to guarantee that his clan would stand tall.
Fall.

Chapter 3413
When they came out of the Hexagonal Star Array room, the fox girl signaled Luo Zheng to stand still. Then, she stretched out her white fingers and gently pressed on Luo Zheng's forehead.
Luo Zheng knew the power of this pair of hands. Just as he was about to step back, the fox girl's two fingers had already touched his forehead, and a wisp of black gas instantly went into his forehead.
Luo Zheng only felt a chill on his forehead, but the chill immediately disappeared without a trace.
"What did you do!" Luo Zheng frowned and said.
The fox girl shrugged her shoulders, "I just helped you, so that you can walk more smoothly in the big whirlpool."
Luo Zheng looked at the fox girl suspiciously for a few breaths, then stepped into the Hexagonal Star Array and turned into a flat painting.
The moment Luo Zheng turned into a painting, a strange feeling came over him.
Previously, when he turned into a painting, his point of view was fixed, and he could only look down at the scenery within a certain range. But at this moment, his point of view was slightly loosened.
What's going on …
Luo Zheng raised his head reflexively. His point of view suddenly looked straight ahead, and he could actually see the end of the immortal painting scroll. Only then did he realize that he was standing on the immortal painting scroll!
His current form was not his normal form. It was still that painting, but it had turned into a standing painting.
"This is the ability of the Insect Tapir!"
Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment, then reacted.
The fox girl and the Insect Tapir could both disappear temporarily, which meant that they had jumped out of the immortal painting scroll.
Now, he was stepping on the Unbroken Labyrinth, and the linear walls were as if they did not exist to him. He could directly cross them with just one step.
If someone looked at Luo Zheng in the Unbroken Labyrinth, they would not be able to see Luo Zheng's entire body, only the flat surface of his feet.
"No wonder the Insect Tapir is so strong. This ability is too shameless," Luo Zheng suddenly understood.
In his current form, it was too easy to kill other Nirvana Realm creatures. Those creatures were not on the same level as him. They would not even know who attacked them when he stepped on them.
Luo Zheng no longer followed the path of the labyrinth. Instead, he kept crossing the walls and went straight to the end of the endless labyrinth.
When he saw the gate at the end of the Endless Labyrinth, Luo Zheng lowered his body and returned to the painting, then went out through the gate.
After passing through the Endless Labyrinth was the third page of the Immortal Scroll, which was the giant whirlpool in the sky above Ping Yi Sky.
Right now, the Nirvana Realm beings in Ping Yi Heaven were all sighing in despair.
"It's the Black Calamity, they must have encountered the Black Calamity!"
"The Black Calamity this time is too powerful. Almost all of us were wiped out!"
"Only a few survived …"
Sometimes, the Immortal Painting would become extremely dangerous, and this danger was known as the Black Calamity.
Every time the Black Calamity appeared, it would lead to the annihilation of the Nirvana Realm beings.
However, the probability of the Black Calamity appearing was extremely low, and it had never appeared on the first page.
When there were only a few Nirvana Realm creatures left, they were convinced that they had encountered the Black Calamity. Those who had entered the Immortal Picture Scroll this time would probably be annihilated.
"At least there's still one person left. The Fated Kin still have hope," one of the Fated Kin elders said.
"Not a single person from the Swallow Victory Clan is left …"
"The Three-Eyed Kin has two survivors. It's a great fortune!"
Just as the Nirvana Realm beings were counting the remaining people, someone pointed at the Immortal Picture Scroll. "They're coming out. They're about to enter the whirlpool!"
After entering the third page, the Nirvana Realm beings could be clearly seen in the painting. Many of them had already appeared at the bottom of the giant whirlpool.
Within the Immortal Picture Scroll …
Fei Yu, Kuai Jian, and the other survivors stood to the side. They did not enter the whirlpool immediately. Instead, they silently observed it.
A type of black sand floated in the giant whirlpool. This sand was called the Void Sand.
Occasionally, a grain of Void Sand would float over and hit Fei Yu, Kuai Jian, and the others. The Void Sand would immediately disappear, and a sand-sized hole would be left on the surface of their bodies. This was accompanied by a heart-wrenching pain.
Anyone who had entered the Immortal Painting and been to the huge whirlpool on the third page had an instinctive fear of the Nihility Sand. Even those who had reached the Immortal Realm were no exception. Whenever they mentioned the Nihility Sand, their faces would turn pale.
There would be no small change.
Some of the Nirvana Realm beings originally had the potential to reach the Immortal Realm, but after being tortured by the Void Sand several times, they chose to give up.
Not only could the Void Sand swallow the flesh of the beings who entered it bit by bit, but the shocking pain was also not something that anyone could endure.
Just as they were watching, Luo Zheng came out of the Endless Labyrinth.
"Brother Luo Zheng, are you alright?" Fei Yu was pleasantly surprised when he saw Luo Zheng.
When the other Nirvana Realm beings saw Luo Zheng, they heaved a deep sigh of relief. They were glad that Luo Zheng was able to come out alive.
Although these Nirvana Realm beings had their own standpoints, Luo Zheng had saved their lives. At least here, they could stand on the same side.
"I'm fine," Luo Zheng replied. "Why didn't you enter the giant whirlpool?"
"We were waiting for you," Fei Yu smiled.
In fact, with so many problems on the first and second pages, these people were also afraid.
Although there were no curled beasts on the third page, nor the so-called Black Calamity, they were afraid that there would be another accident. If there was someone as powerful as Luo Zheng in front of them, it would give them a certain sense of security.
"If that's the case, then we can go in!" Luo Zheng said.
Finally, they had reached the last step. Luo Zheng was slightly excited.
He had just taken a few steps when a grain of Void Sand in the distance flew over and hit the back of Luo Zheng's hand.
"Da!"
When this grain of Void Sand hit Luo Zheng's body, it disappeared instantly. A trace of inescapable pain was transmitted, as if a needle had pierced Luo Zheng's Yang Soul!
Although the pain was extremely short, it was very sharp, as if it could not be eliminated or avoided.
"This is the Void Sand?"
Previously, Heavenly Venerable of Primordial Beginning had told Luo Zheng that this giant whirlpool was formed by a vast amount of Void Sand. Every grain of Void Sand could devour a corresponding material.
If enough Nihility Sand hit him, he would be completely dissolved by the Nihility Sand.
But to Luo Zheng who had the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, this was nothing …
Luo Zheng lightly caressed the spot where he was hit by the Void Sand. Under the protection of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, it did not leave behind a hole, "It doesn't seem to have any effect?"
"The Spirit of Chaotic Origin can really block off the Void Sand …" Heavenly Venerable of Primordial Beginning was slightly astonished. He then continued: "This is indeed good news to you. But don't be careless. The Void Sand can not only dissolve your fleshy body, it can also dissolve your soul.
It has two aspects. "
"Dissolve my soul." Luo Zheng frowned slightly.

Chapter 3414
In the Fourth Heaven, Luo Zheng had single-handedly destroyed the You Xiong Clan's God Temple.
But at that time, Luo Zheng's fleshy body had a huge advantage. After all, those Sun Souls were limited in strength and could not fight against him.
But this was the Thirtieth Heaven!
Even Paramita Lifeforms at the Thirtieth Heaven were not weak.
Furthermore, after the Sun Soul transformed and became a Sacred Soul, his strength had increased tremendously. He similarly had the capability to fight against the fleshy body!
Luo Zheng stood on top of the ice wall, attracting the attention of many.
Nobody had ever dared to behave atrociously in the Ice City. Luo Zheng standing here was a form of provocation!
"Where did this reckless human brat come from …"
On a platform not far away stood a few burly creatures. They were covered in silver scale armor, and their bodies were tall and sturdy. Golden hair fluttered on their heads.
That was the Scaled Lion Race, once the overlord civilization of the 337 worlds of Primal Chaos.
The Scaled Lion Race had a good relationship with the Primordial Spirit Civilization. After entering the Paramita Realm, they directly submitted to the Primordial Spirit Civilization. They were one of the most loyal Paramita Civilizations to the Primordial Spirit Civilization!
When these Scaled Lion Race members saw Luo Zheng invading, they naturally felt an intense hostility!
"Ao …"
Accompanied by a primitive roar, these Scaled Lion Race members abruptly leaped up. After jumping repeatedly on the ice buildings, they climbed up the ice wall and charged towards Luo Zheng!
These Scaled Lion Race members did not rely on their sacred techniques. Instead, they cultivated their unique combat instincts. With the help of their combat instincts, almost every strike of theirs was a fatal strike. At the same time, when dealing with the fatal attacks of their enemies, they would try their best to avoid or neutralize them!
If they were facing an opponent on the same level as them, the Scaled Lion Race members were practically undefeatable. But the moment the opponent was stronger than them, the boost of their combat instincts would be limited.
Luo Zheng's fleshy body had been strengthened to the limit by the Body Conquering Dipper Jade. He even had the support of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin.
With his current strength, other than those Five Elements Spirit Slaves, most Paramita Lifeforms were nothing in his eyes!
In the instant that the first Scaled Lion Tribesman charged in front of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng lowered his body slightly and punched upwards, smashing heavily into the Scaled Lion Tribesman's abdomen.
This Scaled Lion Tribesman's entire body was covered with extremely tough scales. Only his abdomen was a soft spot. The power of Luo Zheng's punch was transmitted through his abdomen, and the Scaled Lion Tribesman's entire skeleton was instantly broken. The Scaled Lion Tribesman's body withered beside Luo Zheng.
Just as he finished off the first Scaled Lion Tribesman, the second Scaled Lion Tribesman stretched out its sharp claws and slashed towards Luo Zheng's head!
Luo Zheng's hands were as fast as lightning. Even though he moved later, he caught the sharp claws with a backhand and spun his body!
Using the Scaled Lion Tribesman as a weapon, he began to spin!
"Bang bang bang bang …"
The few Scaled Lion Tribesmen at the back couldn't dodge in time and were directly smashed down the ice wall. Then, Luo Zheng threw the Scaled Lion Tribesman he was holding onto into the air, drawing a parabola in the air and smashing into a building in the distance.
"The commotion isn't big enough." Luo Zheng looked into the distance. Since they were here to cause trouble, the bigger the commotion, the better.
Just as Luo Zheng was pondering how to create a bigger commotion, a voice suddenly sounded in his ears. "The younger generation will surpass us in time, but … it ends here."
Hearing that voice, Luo Zheng was shocked.
Just as he turned around, a figure flashed behind Luo Zheng. It was a human Yang Soul. In his hand was a brush that was taller than a person. In the instant he flashed past, he drew a stroke on Luo Zheng's back!
Luo Zheng knew that the situation was bad and wanted to distance himself from this person.
However, although this person was only a Yang Soul, his movements were like that of a ghost. The entire Yang Soul was like a maggot that followed Luo Zheng's movements. At the same time, he drew a large stroke.
"Shua!"
The second stroke was drawn on Luo Zheng's chest!
The third stroke …
The fourth stroke …
The fifth stroke …
During this process, Luo Zheng used all of his skills. He dodged, counterattacked, and even soared into the air. However, the Yang Soul still entangled him and left a stroke on his body!
"The brush dust is gone, the stars of Xiushan move, seal!"
After the Yang Soul drew seven strokes on Luo Zheng's body, he suddenly spat out a sentence.
Luo Zheng felt as if the strokes on his body had come alive. They were like snakes moving on the surface of his body, connecting with each other and tightly entangling Luo Zheng!
The power in Luo Zheng's body was actually sealed. He smashed into the ice wall from mid-air.
The Yang Soul carried the ink brush and walked over slowly.
Although the Yang Soul's appearance couldn't be seen clearly, looking at his stooped body, he should be an old man.
This old man's name was Qi Ran. He was also a powerhouse in the Divine Farmer Clan who had been active in the 32 Levels of Heaven for a long time.
"Heh, heh, heh, the younger generation really will surpass us in time. With the strength of one person, you blocked the invasion of the Jinwu. Now, you've directly killed your way into the Yu Sheng-tian," Qi Ran said with a faint smile.
As he spoke, he carried the large brush and slowly walked closer.
The large brush was a unique magic weapon called the Dragon Sealing Brush.
When used together with Qi Ran's Soul Magic, it could seal all things in the world. Even those powerful existences in the Nirvana Realm would be easily sealed with just a few strokes!
Luo Zheng lay on the ground and stared at the old man indifferently.
He really didn't expect these old guys who had stepped into the Holy Soul Stage to be so powerful in the Nirvana Realm!
"But since you dared to break into the Ice City, you're courting death. Genryū will be very happy to hand you over to them," Qi Ran walked in front of Luo Zheng and reached out to lift Luo Zheng up.
But the moment Qi Ran lifted Luo Zheng, the brush strokes wrapped around Luo Zheng's body suddenly broke. The seal of the brush strokes was actually broken in an instant!
"How is this possible?"
Qi Ran was extremely shocked. At the same time, a strong sense of crisis rose in his heart and he quickly retreated.
BANG!
Although Qi Ran retreated extremely quickly, he was still hit by Luo Zheng's fist.
Qi Ran had stepped into the Holy Soul Stage for a long time, and the degree of his soul's stability was comparable to the degree of his physical body. But being hit by Luo Zheng's solid punch was not a good feeling!
When his entire soul was smashed away, Qi Ran decisively retreated from the Nirvana Realm!
PUFF!
In a palace in the mother world, Qi Ran suddenly opened his eyes and spat out a mouthful of blood. His entire face was as pale as a sheet of paper. His vision turned black, and he fainted directly!
Qi Ran didn't know that his brush sealing technique was just a child's play in the eyes of the Heavenly Lord of Origin.
When he had just sealed Luo Zheng, the Heavenly Lord of Origin had already begun to unseal Luo Zheng. At the same time, he reminded Luo Zheng to wait for this person to come closer to give him a surprise attack.
"This Holy Soul Stage cultivator's strength is really strong. It's really unexpected!" Luo Zheng shook his head.

Chapter 3415
In all of history, they had never heard of anyone obtaining eighteen seals. None of the previous people had obtained such a dense protective seal light.
Even Luo Zheng felt that the protective seal light was too dazzling. It took him a while to get used to it.
The others stared at Luo Zheng in a daze for a while, their eyes filled with envy.
With this level of protective seal light, he could easily enter the inner circle and even reach the first three circles, the first two circles …
Everyone had entered Soul City and the Calamity Bone Land. Why was there such a big difference?!
No wonder Genryū and the Wu Kong Clan were fighting over this kid. Was this the inside story?
On the other side of the plaza, there was another huge hexagon array.
Everyone gathered in front of the hexagon array after obtaining the protective seal light. Standing there, they could see the void sand floating on the ground.
"Are we going to charge out together? I can take the lead, "Luo Zheng said.
The void sand would dissipate when it hit Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng took the lead and blocked the front, the people behind could take advantage of it.
But as soon as Luo Zheng spoke, the people behind him had strange expressions.
"Brother Luo Zheng, you can't do that," Fei Yu shook his head.
"Why not?" Luo Zheng was puzzled.
"The more people gathered together, the more concentrated the void sand's attacks will be," Kuai Jian replied.
When the immortal painting was first designed, they had considered the problem of entering in groups. After all, if they found a strong person to block the front, the people behind would be able to take advantage of the chaos. It would be too easy to enter the inner circle.
Some people had tried this before, but when too many people entered, the void sand in the whirlpool would gather crazily and become even harder to resist.
Since then, everyone had learned to be obedient. They had to enter the great whirlpool one by one.
"But this protective seal light …"
Luo Zheng felt that the protective seal light was very strong, but maintaining such a strong state required a lot of energy. It could only be maintained for a limited time.
"Brother Luo Zheng, don't worry. As long as we're in the square, the protective seal light won't weaken," Fei Yu assured.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything more. After all, it wasn't the first time for these people to enter the Immortal Scroll. Their experience was passed down through countless generations, so it shouldn't be wrong.
"Then I'll go first!"
The Fated Kin was the first to step forward.
He took a step forward and stepped onto the Hexagonal Star Array. Then, he transformed into a painting and dashed forward.
At the instant the Fated Kin rushed out, the Nirvana living beings in Ping Yi Sky gathered their gazes on him, and the Fated Kin, in particular, let out cheers.
The last remaining Fated Kin had eight seals, and his Kalpa Bone and Sacred Soul each had four seals. It was very balanced. The more balanced the physical body and soul were, the more balanced the protective seal light would be.
"Junior Brother Li Ming will definitely achieve a good result!"
"His goal is to enter the first seven laps. He will definitely make it."
"I believe in Li Ming's strength …"
The Fated Kin was running wildly in the Great Whirlpool.
He had just left the plaza when grains of Nothingness Sand flew toward him. His chest was hit by more than ten grains of Nothingness Sand at the same time, but the moment they touched the protective seal light, they were instantly dispelled by the protective seal light.
Of course, a portion of the protective seal light was also dispelled, but the amount of seal light dispelled by more than ten grains of Nothingness Sand was almost negligible.
With the protection of the protective seal light, the outermost ring of the Great Whirlpool did not hinder him at all. In less than the time it takes for a stick of incense to burn, he had already gone around it. Next, he went around the nineteenth ring, the eighteenth ring, the seventeenth ring …
The many living beings in Ping Yi Sky could see him very clearly. In comparison, Luo Zheng and the others could not see clearly. They could only see a golden dot of light dashing on the ground in the distance.
Not long after, the Fated Kin had already entered the first ten rings.
On the ground outside the first ten rings, there were a few Hexagonal Star Arrays scattered sparsely. Behind these Hexagonal Star Arrays were circular rooms.
If this Fated Kin wanted to obtain a bloodline, he could just choose a Hexagonal Star Array and enter it.
However, this Fated Kin called Li Ming had set his goal at the seventh ring. He had no intention of compromising.
After he entered the ninth ring, the vast expanse of Nothingness Sand attacked him.
The Nothingness Sand madly corroded his protective seal light. The golden protective seal light was dimming at a speed visible to the naked eye.
"Junior Brother Li Ming's protective seal light seems to be very weak!"
"It looks like it'll be very difficult for him to maintain it until he reaches the seventh ring."
"… …"
The Fated Kin were a race that was filled with suffering. Even though they were under Genryū's protection, they were weak and were not valued. They had always been oppressed by the other races that bullied them. Even now, the Clan Leader only had one Immortal Realm cultivator.
As Li Ming gradually grew stronger, he swore to himself that he would definitely become a powerful Immortal Realm cultivator and explore the Thirty-three Skies to revitalize the Fated Kin.
He had this ambition in his heart, which was why he was exceptionally ruthless.
"The eighth ring!"
After he entered the eighth ring, the protective seal light on the surface of his body was already very weak.
Logically speaking, the eighth ring should be his final destination, but he refused to do so. If he wanted to enter the seventh ring, he would enter the seventh ring. Every time he went deeper into the ring, his bloodline would become slightly stronger. He had to reach his limit.
If he could not even do this, how could he talk about revitalizing his race?
When he was halfway through the eighth ring, Li Ming's protective golden light had completely disappeared.
Once the protective golden light disappeared, the situation would become extremely difficult and dangerous.
"Junior Brother Li Ming, hurry up and choose a bloodline!"
"Your protective seal light is gone!"
The Fated Kin were all screaming loudly, but they were in Ping Yi Heaven. It was impossible for their voices to reach the Immortal Painting, and with Li Ming's current condition, even if he heard them, he would not stop moving.
The grains of Nothingness Sand hit his arms, chest, stomach, and legs, leaving behind countless sand-sized holes. The concentrated pain was like thousands of needles stabbing madly into his Yang Soul Body.
If his willpower was slightly weaker, the pain would have made him faint, but Li Ming still gritted his teeth and used his arms to protect his face as he continued forward.
When he neared the seventh ring, most of the arms he used to protect his face had already been eaten away by the Nothingness Sand. After the bones inside broke, they fell off from his shoulders.
His legs had also been eaten away until they were incomplete, and he could only limp forward.
The Fated Kin shouted in Ping Yi Heaven. They saw Li Ming's picture on the Immortal Painting becoming smaller and smaller. In the end, he was practically staggering forward on the ground.

Chapter 3416
After the light in the distance gradually disappeared, Fei Yu said thoughtfully, "That Fated Kin brother failed."
"Failed? How do you know? "Luo Zheng asked in surprise.
They observed from the plaza and could only see a dot of light spinning quickly in the distance before disappearing. Luo Zheng did not know how Fei Yu came to this conclusion.
"If he entered the room to fuse with his bloodline, there would be a flash of light. Now that the protective light has disappeared, there is no flash of light. This means that the Fated Kin brother did not enter the room," Fei Yu explained.
"He's trying too hard," Kuai Jian said as he shook his head.
Actually, the third whirlpool was relatively safe. As long as one's body was not completely corroded, one could choose a room nearby to obtain a bloodline and successfully reach the Immortal Realm.
However, some people were too greedy. They did not have the corresponding strength, but they still wanted to forcefully reach that step.
"Let me go!"
At that moment, the Jade Top Kin stepped forward. After he stepped into the Hexagonal Array, he quickly left the plaza and charged into the depths of the whirlpool.
After about half an hour, the protective light dimmed, and a flash of light shot into the sky. The Jade Top Kin had already chosen a room to enter. After fusing with his bloodline, an Immortal Realm cultivator was born.
"This Jade Top Kin is quite rational. From the distance, he should be within the ninth circle. This is similar to the strength of the seals he obtained," Fei Yu said as he nodded at Kuai Jian. It was now Kuai Jian's turn to enter the whirlpool.
Kuai Jian's seals were the same as the Jade Top Kin's — seven. He did not have high expectations. After reaching the ninth circle, he simply chose a room with a Hexagonal Array to enter.
Next up were a few other members of the Nirvana Realm. Perhaps it was because of the tragic fate of the Fated Kin, but these people's desire to gamble had completely disappeared. This time, they did not dare to grit their teeth and fight recklessly. Most of them took advantage of the fact that the protective seal light was still around to choose a six-pointed star.
Array room.
Fei Yu was the third last to enter the whirlpool. The protective light from the ten seals was enough to ensure that he could go further. In the end, he reached his goal and entered the sixth circle.
In Flat Sky, the Three-Eyed Kin members were filled with joy. After the Black Calamity, two of them had successfully reached the Immortal Realm. Fei Yu himself had reached his goal of entering the sixth circle.
There was light.
"The sixth circle should be the peak of the Immortal Scroll, right?" A Three-eyed Tribesman said proudly.
The disciples of the large clans would either die on the first page or the second page. There was simply no chance for them to compete.
But at this moment, another person began to dash out of the whirlpool. That person was very small and was from the Mastiff Race.
The Guis had an even smaller presence in Flat Sky. They were even weaker than the Fated Kin, so it was only natural that the outsiders did not think highly of them.
But when the Zhi people saw their own clansmen appear, their faces were filled with anticipation.
How many years had it been since the Gui Clan had produced such a genius?
If he could enter the inner circle and reach the Sempiternal realm, he would be able to raise the strength of his clan by a notch.
Under the indifferent gazes of the many Nirvana Realm races, the Gu Clan member actually entered the first four rounds in an unparalleled manner and obtained a bloodline in the fourth round.
The inner circle bloodline was the origin bloodline.
Since ancient times, very few people had obtained it. At the very least, out of the thousands of times the immortal picture scroll was opened, only one person could enter the inner circle!
So when the Gu Clan member soared into the sky, many Nirvana Realm races were in an uproar.
This unknown small clan actually produced a person from the inner circle. Indeed, this person could change the fate of the Gu Clan.
However, some of the Nirvana Realm races that were close to the Gu Clan did not look too good. Usually, there were many disputes between the few races. Naturally, they did not want to see such a person appear in the Gu Clan.
"Why isn't it Luo Zheng's turn yet?"
"It should be soon."
"He's the last one!"
Gan Gaohan and the others were in Flat Sky. They knew that every time the immortal picture scroll opened, it was like a grand event. But as they came from the Mother World, they were often absent.
This time, Luo Zheng came with 18 seals. They wondered what kind of expressions these fellows would have when they saw him.
On the square, after Luo Zheng saw the blazing light that soared into the sky in the distance, he stepped into the Hexagonal Star Array. Then, he turned into a flat pattern and moved forward along the whirlpool without hesitation.
Even after turning into a picture, the protective seal light was still very bright.
Any Nihility Sand that approached was blocked by the protective seal light. Luo Zheng moved forward very easily.
In the first 16 laps, Luo Zheng almost did not encounter any resistance.
After a while, he smoothly entered the first four laps, which were the inner circle.
Compared to the "miracle" created by the Gu Clan, Luo Zheng's performance also received a lot of attention. But the attitude of Genryū and Wu Kong Clan had already shown that Luo Zheng was not ordinary. Luo Zheng entering the inner circle was within the acceptable range.
After all, the person who was favored by Ah Huo and Tongtian could not even enter the inner circle. Wouldn't that be funny?
After entering the inner circle, Luo Zheng did not relax. Starting from the inner circle, the particles and density of the Nihility Sand increased a lot. The Nihility Sand was crazily consuming his protective seal light.
Although his protective seal light was very strong, it would not last long if it continued to be consumed like this.
However, the closer to the inner circle of the whirlpool, the shorter the distance.
Luo Zheng did not stop at all. He quickly moved forward along the path in the whirlpool.
The first four laps …
The first three laps …
The first two laps …
The creatures of the Nirvana Realm in Ping Yi Heaven remained silent. They watched Luo Zheng smoothly enter the top four, top three, and top two. Their expressions changed drastically.
There was a difference in strength between the experts of the Immortal Realm, and this difference was determined the moment they reached the Immortal Realm.
Those in the outer circle were ordinary Immortal Realm experts. Those who could enter the inner circle were qualified to become the clan leader of a big force. Of course, the biggest possibility was to be directly recruited into Genryū or Wu Kong Clan.
The creatures of the Nirvana Realm in the first three laps and two laps were the mainstays of the conquering 33 Heavens. They could even dominate a region in the future.
The situation of those in the inner circle was different. They were the strongest existences with the potential to compete for the entire Nirvana Realm!
Now, Luo Zheng had easily entered the first two laps and had no intention of stopping. It seemed that he intended to rush into the inner circle?
"No wonder the two big clans are competing like this …"
"So they already knew it!"
"So far, only eleven Supreme Bloodlines have appeared in the first circle. I wonder if that human kid will get the twelfth one?"
Some of the Nirvana Realm clans called the bloodlines in the inner circle "Supreme Bloodlines" and believed that they were the best.

Chapter 3417
Under the gaze of many Nirvana Realm creatures, Luo Zheng rushed into the innermost circle.
The Nothingness Sand in the innermost circle was dark purple. These Nothingness Sand were more corrosive than the Nothingness Sand in the outer circle. As if they had intelligence, they turned into bloodthirsty mosquitoes and swarmed toward Luo Zheng.
"Buzz …"
The originally extremely sturdy Protective Seal Light was swaying wildly, like a candle flame fluttering in the wind, about to be extinguished at any time.
If it weren't for the fox girl, Luo Zheng might have stopped here.
Not far from Luo Zheng's left, there was a hexagonal star formation. After entering the hexagonal star formation, one could safely reach the room behind it. There was a strange flat pattern drawn in the room. This pattern was probably related to obtaining the bloodline.
However, the fox girl's words were still ringing in his ears. Luo Zheng had no choice but to obey. If he wanted to pass through the innermost circle smoothly, he had to speed up!
"Rush over!"
However, just as Luo Zheng accelerated, the Nothingness Sand reacted even more violently.
The vast expanse of Void Sand seemed to have formed a solid monster as it rushed towards Luo Zheng to embrace him.
Countless Nothingness Sand and the Protective Seal Light canceled each other out, eroding Luo Zheng's shaky light.
"No, I can't go on like this." Luo Zheng's eyebrows were tightly knitted together.
Looking at the Nothingness Sand fluttering around the picture scroll, he suddenly had an idea. He suddenly looked up and his entire figure was pulled out of the immortal picture scroll, leaving only two feet standing on it.
"Eh?"
"What's happening?"
"That human kid only has two feet left? Could it be … "
"I'm afraid his entire body has been eroded by the Nothingness Sand, leaving only his feet!"
Many Nirvana Realm creatures who were observing Luo Zheng in the Pingyi Sky let out a sigh of pity.
The Three-Eyed Race also looked at the Divine Souls of the Heavenly Palace not far away with pity.
"What a pity. He should have fused the bloodline after entering the first circle."
"Sigh, I guess that kid is too greedy and wants to get a ranking. In fact, the ranking in the inner circle is not very important. He's still too young and doesn't know when to stop."
"It's a pity that this human is comparable to that Fated Kin. That Fated Kin was just an ordinary Immortal. Once this human becomes …"
Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, Li Bianxue, and the rest of the Heavenly Palace's experts stood motionless like statues. When Luo Zheng entered the inner circle, their hearts almost flew out of their chests.
This guy who had created miracles along the way was still continuing his miracles.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng's footsteps would come to an abrupt halt after just a few steps …
Gan Gaohan, in particular, was stunned on the spot. He suddenly thought that if Luo Zheng died, it would bring a series of changes to the Heavenly Palace. The Heavenly Palace would probably have to move away from the Center God Province. What would happen to Donghuang and Old Ying in the end?
There was a huge change.
Whether he admitted it or not, this young man was already indispensable to the Heavenly Palace.
The pitiful and regretful voices that entered their ears were like needles pricking them, making it hard for them to breathe. For a moment, no one spoke. They just stared at the footprints.
"No, the protective seal light around Luo Zheng hasn't dissipated yet. He shouldn't have died, right?" Li Bianxue suddenly said.
Although the Heavenly Palace's people had never entered the Immortal Painting, they had a general understanding of it. The Void Sand had to first erode the protective seal light before it could begin to erode the physical body.
Just a moment ago, Luo Zheng was only left with a pair of "footprints". Everyone instinctively thought that Luo Zheng's body had been devoured, but after thinking about it, they realized that was not right. Although the protective seal light was weak, it was still there!
Li Bianxue was not the only one who realized this. Many people in Ping Yi Sky pointed out this problem.
"It moved! The footprints are moving! "Someone shouted loudly.
"They disappeared, then reappeared. This, this …"
"I know, this is the Insect Tapir's ability! This guy must have a way to escape from the Immortal Painting! "
They had long speculated about the Insect Tapir's ability to disappear and reappear. The Insect Tapir should have escaped from the Immortal Painting in the form of a "painting". That was why it could move in a discontinuous manner in the Immortal Painting.
Such an ability was naturally incredible. After all, the Insect Tapir could move in a higher world.
No one had thought that Luo Zheng could also do it. How on earth did this guy do it?
Many experienced and knowledgeable Immortal Realm experts were looking at the footprints that disappeared and reappeared from time to time with astonishment.
When Luo Zheng had just escaped from the Immortal Painting, the gloomy look on his face was immediately swept away. The Void Sand that had been eroding Luo Zheng suddenly lost its target and could only erode his feet — strictly speaking, the feet that were in contact with the Immortal Painting.
The flat soles of his feet.
As Luo Zheng leaped high from the Immortal Painting, he completely disappeared from the Immortal Painting as soon as he left it …
"If I had known it would be like this from the beginning, wouldn't it have been much easier?"
Just when he thought he had succeeded, the Immortal Painting in front of him suddenly trembled, and a cluster of dark purple Void Sand broke away from the Immortal Painting and rolled straight towards him!
"These Void Sand can actually leave the Immortal Painting?"
Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment. Seeing that the clusters of Void Sand were about to wrap him up, his body suddenly sank and sank into the Immortal Painting again.
When Luo Zheng returned to the Immortal Painting, the creatures of the Nirvana Realm in Pingyi Heaven cheered again. Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and the others' expressions changed again.
Just as Li Bianxue had said, Luo Zheng was still intact. However, judging from the reactions of those Immortal Realm experts, Luo Zheng seemed to have obtained some kind of amazing form that allowed him to leave the Immortal Painting freely?
The moment Luo Zheng sank into the Immortal Painting, the Void Sand that leaped out of the Immortal Painting also returned to the Immortal Painting and swarmed toward Luo Zheng again.
When the Void Sand entered the Immortal Painting from the Immortal Painting, there seemed to be a gap where the Void Sand could change its form. This gave Luo Zheng some breathing space.
Luo Zheng didn't say anything and directly stood up from the Immortal Painting. As soon as he stood up, the Void Sand chased after him from the Immortal Painting again.
Up and down like this, Luo Zheng seemed to be swimming. He jumped out of the water for a while, then dived back into the water for a while. The purple Void Sand followed closely behind Luo Zheng. Using this strange way of moving forward, the Void Sand couldn't touch him at all.
When it came into contact with Luo Zheng, the Body-protection Seal Light on the surface of his body was almost undamaged.
In a short while, Luo Zheng had passed through the Hexagonal Star Formation that the predecessors had entered before.

Chapter 3418
Looking at Hou Qu's sharp eyes, Luo Zheng gestured, "Use the method of deciphering Sanskrit to decipher it …"
Luo Zheng actually said nonsense. There must be similarities between Sanskrit and other languages, but the difficulty of deciphering was really not on the same level.
But this successfully attracted Hou Qu's attention, "The method of deciphering Sanskrit? Which civilization once had the rule? The human civilization? "
In fact, there were many methods of deciphering Sanskrit. Every civilization had its own way. The Yuan Ling civilization had also summarized the rules of deciphering these civilizations once.
Since Luo Zheng was a human, Hou Qu naturally thought that he was using the rules of deciphering human beings.
"The rules of human beings?" Luo Zheng smiled and shook his head, "No, I found a lost civilization of the Nirvana Realm in the 26th Layer of Heaven. The method of summarization in that civilization …"
Luo Zheng began to talk nonsense.
There were originally all kinds of secrets hidden in the Nirvana Realm. Even the Yuan Ling civilization could not know everything. But what Luo Zheng said was very clear. Hou Qu found it difficult to judge whether it was true or not, so he could only listen patiently …
No matter whether Luo Zheng was telling the truth or not, Hou Qu was not in a hurry.
This was the 30th Layer of Heaven, his world. Everything was under his control.
Just as Luo Zheng was talking nonsense, he noticed that the bald giant's eyes behind him were getting redder and redder, and that round face seemed to be a little distorted.
"Crack!"
The ice that sealed the bald giant suddenly shattered …
The bald giant's skin turned blood red. His body suddenly expanded, and infinite power burst out from his body. The ice spears that trapped him were crushed one by one under the pressure of his huge body!
"Dong!"
The bald giant that broke free from the ice took a step out, and the whole ice city began to shake.
"Hoo!"
The blood-red fist smashed toward Hou Qu's head again.
Looking at the bald giant's attack, Hou Qu showed a mocking smile.
As a water spirit, it was immortal. It was simply a dream to kill it with brute force alone …
Seeing the huge fist smashing down, Hou Qu did not have any intention to dodge. After the bald giant smashed it, it would freeze it!
At this moment, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed, and he finally made a move.
The triangular seal of earth and wood was in his hand, and the distance between him and Hou Qu was only about ten feet!
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng took a step in the air, and appeared behind Hou Qu in the blink of an eye.
Hou Qu turned around and looked at Luo Zheng with a puzzled look.
Perhaps its eyes were blinded by arrogance, but it didn't think that Luo Zheng could hurt it. Facing Luo Zheng's attack, Hou Qu just smiled coldly.
But when Luo Zheng showed his palm, Hou Qu's smile froze on his face!
Seal of earth and wood?
As a water spirit of Genryū, earth and earth and Luo of earth and Earth and earth and Earth was the Earth and wood seal.
This thing once took countless lives lives lives lives, and Qu's.
But why was there such a thing in the 30th layer of heaven?
Hou Qu turned pale with fright, but it was too late to dodge. Luo Zheng's palm hit its back, and the triangular seal of earth and wood was imprinted on it!
The water spirit could transform into any shape!
If it wanted, it could integrate with the whole ice city.
It could also be said that this ice city was a part of Hou Qu's body!
But when the seal of earth and wood appeared on its body, its whole body turned brown. In an instant, it seemed to have turned into an earth spirit. Delicate branches sprouted from its body, and in the blink of an eye, wrapped around it layer by layer.
"You, you …"
Realizing the crisis, Hou Qu became flustered and angry.
Under the seal of earth and wood, it could not transform. If it was hit by this heavy blow, it would undoubtedly die!
"Let's die together!"
At this moment, Hou Qu suddenly spread out its arms and entangled Luo Zheng. The branches that extended from its body also entangled Luo Zheng. These branches were also part of Hou Qu's body, so it could also control them.
Luo Zheng's body suddenly twisted, trying to break free from Hou Qu's hands. But the seal of earth and wood was just a form, and Hou Qu's strength was not reduced at all.
As an Immortal Realm powerhouse, although it was under the pressure of the 30th layer of heaven, its strength was stronger than Luo Zheng's. Luo Zheng could not break free at all!
"You want to break free from my hands?"
Hou Qu sneered while controlling the branches to wrap Luo Zheng tighter. Its huge fist quickly pressed the two of them to the ground.
"I really can't break free, but you seem to have neglected one thing …"
When they were only ten feet away from the ground, Luo Zheng suddenly said, "I can get out of the other side."
Hearing this, Hou Qu was stunned. It forgot that it did not use the Soul Breaking Sand to stop Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng, who was tightly wrapped, quickly disappeared …
Luo Zheng had already recited the Illusion Breaking Spell in advance. At the last moment, Hou Qu only had time to curse before it fell into eternal darkness.
"Boom!"
Accompanied by the tremor of the ground, the bald giant slowly raised his fist, with a sad expression on his face, "My friend …"
Anyway, he was able to leave Cold Prison because of Luo Zheng's help. He regarded Luo Zheng as a friend.
He had clearly seen the situation with that punch just now, but he couldn't retract that punch anymore …
Li Bianxue and Phoenix, who were in the Upper Ice Field, saw this scene and sat on the edge of the ice field in a daze.
Li Bianxue was still fine, but to the Phoenix Maiden, Luo Zheng and the Eastern Sovereign were one. He was almost the only person she could follow. She could not accept Luo Zheng dying like this.
Just as the bald giant was feeling depressed, Luo Zheng's figure quietly returned to the other side of the river. He heard the giant's sorrowful "song".
At this moment, Luo Zheng smiled and whistled at the giant.
When the bald giant saw Luo Zheng appear again, he beat his chest twice with his hands, looking very excited.
Phoenix and Li Bianxue also stared at Luo Zheng with their eyes wide open. The two were stunned for a while before they realized that Luo Zheng had just left the other side and avoided the fatal blow.
As for the Five Elements Spirit Slaves, they were all dumbfounded.
"Lord Hou Qu is not dead!"
"The Heavenly Lord is just hiding!"
"Wait for an opportunity to give the bald giant a fatal blow!"
They did not believe that Hou Qu died like this.
For a long time, Yu Sheng-tian was ruled by Hou Qu. He was the absolute authority in Yu Sheng-tian!
At this moment, a circular halo suddenly floated up from the ground. This halo floated to the top of the bald giant's head. As the halo trembled, the bald giant disappeared in an instant.
When the old Heavenly Lord was killed, the killer would succeed as the new Heavenly Lord.
The appearance of the halo meant that the bald giant had become the Yu Sheng-tian Heavenly Lord …

Chapter 3419
The Nirvana Realm creatures in the ice city were hiding in every corner of the ice castle, quietly observing the battle.
When they realized that Hou Qu had fallen, they all had expressions of disbelief on their faces.
The Saint Soul Realm expert from the Shennong Clan, Yuan Chen, frowned, and then he retreated and vanished silently.
Although Hou Qu was not the most powerful existence in the Genryū, he had a special status. If he fell, the entire Yu Sheng-tian structure would be greatly affected. Yuan Chen had to inform Lie Shan as soon as possible.
Except for some of the Sun Souls, most of the Nirvana Realm creatures were confused. They did not know what would happen to Yu Sheng-tian and whether they should retreat or stay in the ice city.
"Lord Hou Qu has really fallen …"
"That human boy, it's that human boy!"
"He killed Lord Hou Qu!"
The Five Elements Spirit Slaves were furious. They did not choose to retreat. Instead, they rushed toward Luo Zheng like crazy.
These Five Elements Spirit Slaves were very powerful, but their status in the Genryū was not high. After all, they were just slaves created by Genryū.
Facing the Five Elements Spirit Slaves rushing toward him, Luo Zheng's expression did not change.
He tapped the ground lightly with the tip of his foot and slid back a distance. Seeing that Huan Leinu, who was rushing at the front, was about to attack him, his figure quickly faded away. He had retreated from the Nirvana Realm again.
"He ran away!"
"He retreated from the Nirvana Realm again!"
"Now how do we report to him …"
Their only target had disappeared. These Five Elements Spirit Slaves were confused again. After all, these Five Elements Spirit Slaves only knew how to carry out tasks. Once a leader like Hou Qu fell, they would be in a leaderless state.
However, their confusion did not last long. After a while, a white light bloomed, and a huge figure appeared again.
Luo Zheng had spent a lot of effort to inherit the position of the Master of the Fourteenth Heaven.
However, the bald giant was a creature outside the chaos. He had a natural understanding of Sanskrit, so he comprehended the magical powers on the stone slab very quickly.
After returning, the bald giant glared at the Five Elements Spirit Slaves. A ferocious look quickly appeared on his round face.
He did not hold back against Genryū!
"Sou!"
With a flip of its huge body, it smashed its huge fist at the Moon Fire Slave in the front.
The Moon Fire Slaves and Ning Bingnu also realized that something was wrong and began to flee in all directions!
But no matter how fast they ran, they could not outrun the bald giant!
"Dong dong dong …"
The bald giant's first punch didn't hit the Moon Fire Slave, so he chased after the Moon Fire Slave and smashed it randomly.
The burly Moonfire Slaves were like insects crawling on the ground in front of the bald giant. As long as they were hit, their armor and spirit cores would be smashed into pieces …
The Ning Bingnu's situation was slightly better. They transformed into various flying forms and scattered in all directions like white moths.
However, a considerable number of Ning Bingnu were still slapped down by the bald giant, who then crushed their spirit cores …
As for the Huan Leinu, they were probably the safest ones.
The bald giant did not have a good way to deal with them. Some of the Huan Leinu even launched a counterattack, attacking the bald giant's eyes, ears, and other weak points.
However, the Huan Leinu's damage was also very limited to the bald giant. After a round of insignificant attacks, the Huan Leinu could only choose to retreat first …
When Luo Zheng returned to the Nirvana Realm, the Five Elements Spirit Slaves in the ice layer were almost all dealt with by the bald giant.
The other Nirvana Realm creatures either chose to escape or had no intention of fighting back …
After seeing Luo Zheng, Phoenix and Li Bianxue descended from the upper layer of the ice layer.
"The central ice city has been taken down. Is there anything else?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The remaining ice castles are naturally much easier than this one. Moreover, the bald giant has already become the Master of Heaven. We just need to see if he has any interest in killing Genryū," Phoenix said with a smile.
"I'll ask him and we'll know," Luo Zheng said.
Therefore, the spirits of Fuxi, his descendants, Di Jun, Nuwa, and the others floated above Luo Zheng's head again and began to sing a strange song.
After singing, Fuxi's face revealed a look of hatred. "When will it end …"
It was a torture for the Fuxi to have to sing these idiotic songs that no one could understand at all.
"Soon. The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning is training others. It won't be long before they can replace us," Nuwa comforted.
Every time they needed to communicate with the bald giant, they needed the heroes of the human race to sing. It was indeed too much of a hassle.
It was just a simple sound. Ordinary human powerhouses could also do it. The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning found some substitutes in Luo Zheng's Inner World and asked them to help Luo Zheng "pronounce".
After hearing the "chorus", the bald giant's face showed strong interest. "The other ice castles? Humph, as long as it's Genryū, I won't let any of them go! "
He hated Genryū to the core. How could he let them go so easily?
…
Two thousand miles away from Ice City, there were three ice castles that were connected from end to end.
These three ice castles should be the gathering places in Yu Sheng-tian, second only to Ice City.
The news of Ice City falling and Hou Qu being killed had not yet spread to these three ice castles. The Five Elements Spiritual Slaves in the ice castles also did not realize the impending crisis.
"Dong, dong, dong, dong …"
When the ground covered with ice began to tremble, the Nirvana Realm creatures and the Five Elements Spiritual Slaves walked out of the ice castles.
When they saw clearly who was coming, their faces changed. They shouted and dodged as fast as they could.
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the three ice castles had turned into ruins.
Under the guidance of the Phoenix Maiden, the bald giant rushed to the next gathering place ….
During these three days, Yu Sheng-tian was not peaceful.
All the ice castles built by Genryū were destroyed by the bald giant.
The Five Elements Spiritual Slaves and the Nirvana Realm creatures who submitted to Genryū also suffered heavy losses. When facing the bald giant, they did not have a good way to deal with him. They could either give up their lives or retreat.
The Nirvana Realm creatures looked innocent, but neither Phoenix nor Luo Zheng had the intention to let them go.
They chose to submit to Genryū, which meant they chose their own side. If Genryū was in trouble, these Nirvana Realm creatures would also help Genryū. It could be said that they were helping the evildoer …
Three days later, the bald giant carried Luo Zheng, Phoenix, and Li Bianxue to the front of the ice castle in the deepest part of Yu Sheng-tian.
A few days ago, Phoenix, Luo Zheng, and Li Bianxue were stopped in front of this ice castle.

Chapter 3420
On the second page of the Immortal Scroll, the fox girl stood tall. Even though it was only a patch of black ink, it outlined her almost perfect figure.
Lines of black handwriting formed all kinds of curly beasts that surrounded the fox girl. They were like the fox girl's pets, scurrying around her.
"Whoosh …"
An extremely cold wind whistled from the distance, and some of the ink on the scroll quickly dissipated.
"Lord Enforcer, has he arrived?" The fox girl raised her head and asked.
From where the fox girl was, she couldn't see Luo Zheng's exact route.
The Enforcer floated up higher, and could see everything on the first, second, and third pages.
"He's gone in," the crying face replied.
The fox girl breathed a sigh of relief, and a trace of worry appeared on her face. "I hope he succeeds …"
She had waited so long for this one chance, and she couldn't afford to fail. The fox girl was also worried about her gains and losses. If Luo Zheng really succeeded, then her clan's curse would be lifted.
But there was only one chance, and she had no choice but to silently pray.
… …
Somewhere in the 33 Heavens.
In a huge metal mountain, a white sphere slowly rose.
There was nothing inside the white sphere, not a single element of any of the five elements was contained within.
When the white sphere floated to the top of the metal mountain, the inside of the snow-white sphere suddenly became chaotic. A thin crack appeared in the center of the sphere, and when the crack suddenly opened, a black eye was revealed.
This sphere was the strongest of the Genryū, and also the number one on the Immortal Scroll for countless years, Mu Ling.
"Zi …"
After the large eye opened, a red light appeared in front of it, and a slender woman appeared. The woman spoke in a charming voice. "Great Leader, why have you summoned this subordinate?"
"Fire, I've told you hundreds of times, don't use this human form to see me," Mu Ling said in a gloomy voice.
Fire didn't mind. "This form is very free, and I like it."
Although he was Mu Ling's subordinate, Fire didn't seem to fear Mu Ling. In many matters, Fire had the right to make his own decisions.
"I've also prepared a body for you, Great Leader. Do you want to try it?"
After saying that, Ah-Huo stretched out his finger and gently pointed to the side. The flame on his fingertip created a well-proportioned human male, who looked exactly like Luo Zheng.
"Don't play such a boring joke on me." Mu Ling's eyes suddenly released a white light, shattering the human man.
Ah Huo did not feel offended at all. He condensed the human man again and put one hand around the human man's neck. He smiled and said, "I know what Great Leader wants to ask. He has successfully surpassed you in the Immortal Picture Scroll!"
A cold glint flashed across Mu Ling's eyes. "So it was indeed his plan."
"That's true." Ah Huo's face was full of disdain. "Great Leader, you're paranoid and good at scheming, but that limits you. I was sure of it from the beginning."
"Is this the reason why you let him in?" Mu Ling said unhappily.
The Elemental Spirit Clan had encountered several threatening challenges in the Nirvana Realm, and the scale of those challenges was very large. This time, the challenge only came from a human, but the Elemental Spirit Clan saw it as the biggest threat.
Ah Huo stretched out a finger and drew circles on "Luo Zheng's" face. "Since we can't stop him, we can only go with the flow. We still have a good chance of winning him over."
"What method will you use to win him over?" Mu Ling asked.
Ah Huo's slender palm brushed up from "Luo Zheng's" face and opened "Luo Zheng's" eyes. "It's not easy to get the origin level bloodline. Whether he succeeds or not, he won't be able to get it in a short time. I'm afraid he'll have to
If he stays in the Divine Source for a period of time, then it won't be difficult to get his body. "
"If I get his body, he'll be mine, right?" Ah Huo turned to look at "Luo Zheng" beside her. "Luo Zheng" was completely under her control like a puppet. He nodded woodenly and said, "Yes."
After Mu Ling learned of Ah Huo's strategy, Yan Renneng also showed a serious expression. "If that's the case, I'm afraid you'll have to act quickly."
"Don't worry, Great Leader. I'm already prepared. They've already attacked the Heavenly Palace again. This time, we'll definitely catch them all in one fell swoop." Ah Huo revealed a sweet smile. "Luo Zheng" beside her was also grinning foolishly.
Mu Ling's big eyes blinked. Before closing, she added, "Also, you'll have to be more respectful to me next time."
After saying that, the eyes completely disappeared and turned into an empty white sphere. It slowly descended from the top of the metal mountain.
"The one who will be respected will be me," Ah Huo muttered.
She turned to look at Luo Zheng, as if she was very satisfied with this body. Then, she gave him a light kiss. The two created bodies turned into flames and disappeared into the sphere.
… …
After watching the immortal picture scroll close, Gan Gaohan was stunned for a moment. Suddenly, he said to himself, "Not good."
"What's the matter, Brother Gan?" Ning Xuyuan asked.
"Leave the other side first!"
As soon as Gan Gaohan finished speaking, he had already returned to the other side.
Ning Xuyuan, Qiu Yinhe, Li Bianxue, and the other Yang souls also quickly chanted the illusion breaking spell and returned to their mother world.
"Whoosh!"
A ray of golden light soared up from the Taishi Palace and exploded, forming a bright circle of light. It was the summoning order issued by Gan Gaohan.
When the experts of the Seven Mountains of the Heavenly Palace saw this circle of light, they muttered in their hearts. The Heavenly Palace was facing a great disaster. It had just stabilized for a few days, and now something happened again? Their expressions changed slightly, and they all gathered towards the Taishi Palace.
Not long after, the experts of the Seven Mountains of the Heavenly Palace all gathered in one hall, including the representatives of the Jinwu people.
"The entire Taiyi Heavenly Palace is migrating to Mount Li," Gan Gaohan announced.
As soon as these words came out, there was an uproar in the hall.
After experiencing the invasion of the Jinwu, Gan Gaohan wanted to temporarily move the Heavenly Palace to the south and rely on Mount Li. At least until the Eastern Sovereign woke up, the Heavenly Palace could preserve its vitality. However, Jiang Ziya and the Eastern Sovereign gave the Heavenly Palace the capital to settle down.
Now that Luo Zheng was trapped in the immortal picture scroll, regardless of whether he was safe or not, he could not protect the Heavenly Palace. Therefore, Gan Gaohan immediately announced the migration of the Taiyi Heavenly Palace.
"You have to tell us the reason, right?" An expert of the Taishi Mountain asked. This expert had been acting as the mountain master of the Taishi Mountain after the death of the mountain master.
"There is no reason. If you don't want to die, you can stay. I will give you one day to mobilize," Gan Gaohan replied briefly.
The meaning was very simple. The Heavenly Palace was about to face a great disaster. If they did not leave, they would die.

Chapter 3421
Luo Zheng communicated with Bofan for a while and asked him to cooperate with Phoenix.
In order to return, Bofan was very cooperative.
After solving this problem, Luo Zheng and Li Bianxue were about to go to the 31st Layer of Heaven.
Before they entered the 31st Layer of Heaven, Phoenix suddenly said, "Wait."
"What?" Luo Zheng looked at Phoenix strangely.
"The Land of Bones is more dangerous than Soul City. I can't go with you. Be careful …" Phoenix said.
According to Phoenix's original plan, she was to secretly pass through Yu Sheng-tian and escort Luo Zheng all the way to the 32nd Layer of Heaven. Luo Zheng was inexperienced. With Phoenix's help, he could avoid a lot of danger.
However, she didn't expect her plan to have such a big flaw. Following this flaw, she was about to control the entire Yu Sheng-tian …
The situation changed so quickly that she couldn't adapt. She was even a little confused.
"Don't worry. You still have to pay attention to Genryū's counterattack. They definitely won't let this go," Luo Zheng reminded her.
With Bofan's strength, he could indeed sweep through all 30 layers of heaven. However, who knew what strange methods Genryū would use?
After that, Luo Zheng and Li Bianxue stepped into the Stargate that belonged to the Human Race. They turned into two rays of white light and flew up one after the other …
The 31st Layer of Heaven, Fandu, should be the layer with the strangest aura.
As soon as they entered Fandu, Luo Zheng opened his eyes and saw a dazzling white light. He seemed to be in a narrow white cave. The top, bottom, left, and right of the cave were jade-white. Not only did it look strange, but it also had a special aura.
This aura gave Luo Zheng a familiar feeling. It was as if he had returned to the bottom of the chaos. It was very similar to the aura of the prison created by the Primal Chaos Ancient God.
"What kind of cave is this?" Luo Zheng looked around and took a few steps forward.
"This isn't a bone cave," Li Bianxue said. Although it was Li Bianxue's first time here, she had done more research than Luo Zheng and naturally understood more. "This is the interior of a bone."
"The interior of a bone?" Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment. After looking around again, he realized why he could smell traces of desolate bones.
Normally, the insides of bones were hollow. However, some of the larger creatures had quite a bit of space inside their bones. The space inside was enough for people to move around freely.
He walked to the side of the bone cave and stretched out his hand to touch the inner wall of the bone cave. It was cold to the touch. It was indeed bone.
"It is said that the passage of the entire Fantian Heaven is formed by these bone caves, and the world outside the bone caves is a dead forbidden area, similar to the Upper Ice Field of the Thirtieth Heaven," Li Bianxue said with a smile.
Previously, in Li Bianxue's eyes, the Upper Ice Field was also a forbidden area, but this time, following Luo Zheng, she actually went back and forth twice. Thinking about it, it was a bit unbelievable. She suddenly felt that there was no absolute forbidden area in this world.
.............. How do those large creatures pass through these bone caves? "Luo Zheng asked.
Creatures of the human race's size were fine, but if they were twice as big, they could still barely pass through the bone cave.
If they were as large as the Abyss Spirit Clan, they would burst the bone cave after entering Fantian. They would be crushed by their own bodies...
. and even Pang Hao's clansmen. Their fate would be even worse if they entered.
"There are bigger bone caves," Li Bianxue explained with a smile.
In the Thirtieth Heaven, Phoenix had always been the guide. After all, Phoenix was very familiar with these areas. Even if Li Bianxue knew, she could not interrupt.
Now that Phoenix was gone, Li Bianxue had a sense of mission to guide Luo Zheng.
"A bone cave with even more space …" Luo Zheng exclaimed. "The interior space of this cave-like bone cave is already very exaggerated. If it could fit the bone cave of the Abyss Spirit Clan, how big would the bone itself be? What about a creature made of bones?
Li Bianxue shrugged and said, "Let's go. I didn't find any relevant information in the literature." She patted the inner wall of the bone and continued, "I don't know what kind of creature's bone this is …"
Luo Zheng nodded and walked into the depths of the bone cave with Li Bianxue.
They walked for about a hundred feet. The entire bone cave was completely straight, but after a hundred feet, a corner appeared in front of them. There were raised joints between the bone cave and the bone cave.
When they passed by the joint, Luo Zheng looked through the gap of the joint. He wanted to see what the forbidden area Li Bianxue mentioned looked like, but the joint was so tight that he could not see through it.
Each bone segment was a thousand feet long. After the two of them passed through the upper segment, they entered an open area. This open area was a huge bone cavity that connected to other bone caverns.
After Luo Zheng entered the bone cavity, he glanced around and asked, "It seems that there is more than one passage …"
The bone cavity was connected to four bone caves, so there were naturally four passages. It seemed that the entire Fandu Heaven was also a huge maze.
"The second one," Li Bianxue said without any hesitation.
"How do you know?" Luo Zheng asked.
Li Bianxue said, "Naturally, there are records after the exploration of the predecessors … I'm curious, you didn't try to understand before entering the Nirvana Realm?"
Information about the Upper Heaven was top secret to the outside world, but to the disciples of the Heavenly Palace, especially the elites of the Sword of Grief, it was naturally open …
A genius like Li Bianxue was not only talented, but also diligent and eager to learn. Before entering the Soul City, she had done her homework.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly awkwardly and said, "I was careless …"
"Then I'll lead the way." Li Bianxue walked at the front and went into the second bone cave.
After walking along this path for a while, they encountered another bone cavity. Li Bianxue did not hesitate to choose the second bone cave. At the same time, she said to Luo Zheng, "In fact, there is more than one way to the Disgraced Bone Cave, but the ancient book recorded the shortest way …"
Just as Li Bianxue was speaking, a rustling sound suddenly came from the depths of the bone cave.
These bone caves were hollow, and a little sound could expand greatly, not to mention that there were other things running quickly inside!
"Swish swish swish swish …"
Several figures rushed out from the inside of the bone cave, and the voice at the front said loudly, "Squeak! The humans in front run, the Ghost Hand Insects are coming! "
"Ear Mice?" Luo Zheng saw clearly that there were five Ear Mice running wildly.
When Li Bianxue heard this, her face suddenly changed, "Oh no, let's go!"

Chapter 3422
"You can obtain this bloodline if you multiply to the limit?"
Luo Zheng turned around and stared at the charging boys, understanding.
These boys couldn't multiply without limit. If they were continuously killed, their numbers would reach a limit.
When they reached this limit, they could obtain this bloodline …
"Then let's try!"
When another little boy pounced on him, Luo Zheng kicked him away. The moment he landed on the ground, dozens of little boys appeared.
"This is too slow …"
Luo Zheng lightly raised his leg and charged towards those boys.
He was like a flying shuttle, leaving behind a long string of human figures. In an instant, over a hundred little boys were killed. The little boys who were killed only left behind a piece of human skin before disappearing. In the next moment, there were thousands of little boys in this desolate space.
…
Just as Luo Zheng was about to speed up the slaughter and let them reach the limit of multiplication, the Instrument of Civilization of the Heavenly Zhi Civilization said, "Pass through the crack and you will find the next origin bloodline called 'Ultimate Cycle'."
After hearing the Instrument of Civilization's voice, Luo Zheng's body slightly stiffened and he stomped down from the sky.
"Boom!"
Several dozen more boys were sent flying by Luo Zheng.
"How do you know?" Luo Zheng curiously asked.
"Because I deciphered another Sanskrit word," the Heavenly Zhi Civilization replied.
There was a Sanskrit word at each end of the crack in the bronze wall. What the Heavenly Zhi Civilization had just said was the meaning of another Sanskrit word.
"Do you want to go and take a look, or do you want to stay and fuse with this bloodline?" the Primeval Lord of Heaven asked.
The choice of bloodline was still up to Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng suddenly stomped backwards, his body spinning several dozen times in the air before landing firmly in front of the bronze wall. He looked at the light in the crack and said, "I want to take a look."
Since there were four origin bloodlines, they should all be different. He wanted to understand them one by one before fusing them.
Luo Zheng was a bit hesitant about whether he could successfully pass through the Profound Amount World.
Although he had entered the Profound Amount World before, his comprehension of the Profound Amount World was far inferior to Luo Nian's. Wouldn't it be terrible if he couldn't even move an inch after entering the passage?
While Luo Zheng was hesitating, a dense crowd of little boys swarmed towards him.
Seeing that there was no time to think about this problem, Luo Zheng decided to go all the way and stepped into it.
"Buzz …"
The moment Luo Zheng's body entered the crack, he also turned into countless light spots and flew away.
In this form, Luo Zheng almost lost control of his body. He couldn't even tell what form he was in.
Fortunately, the entire process didn't last for too long. In just two or three breaths of time, Luo Zheng felt his body suddenly become heavy, and his entire body fell straight down!
"Phew …"
He fell straight down from the sky of the second world.
The top of this world was also a bronze wall, and the crack was downwards.
After falling thirty to fifty feet, Luo Zheng's body floated steadily in the air. He looked down and saw the whole world.
This was a huge cave, and in the middle of the cave floated a huge bronze mountain. On the surface of the mountain, there was a strangely shaped long horned snake. After the snake coiled around the mountain, its head was actually eating its own tail.
"What does this picture mean …"
Just as Luo Zheng wanted to get closer to the mountain to take a closer look, he felt a strong force pressing down on him, pressing him down hard.
"Phew!"
After falling for several hundred feet, he only felt the scene in front of his eyes flash, and he was back in front of the mountain.
"This is …"
Before he could say anything, the gravity pressed down again, and Luo Zheng fell rapidly, but he was back in front of the mountain, facing the snake eating itself.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't say anything, but waited quietly for the force to come.
After a breath of time, the gravity pressed down again, and Luo Zheng "fell" in front of the bronze mountain again.
He roughly understood what was going on. He had entered a special "cycle", and the snake eating itself on the bronze mountain meant a unique cycle.
"It should be for you to obtain the bloodline of the 'Ultimate Cycle' in the continuous cycle," the Heavenly Lord of the Origin said, "The snake is called the Self-Ouroboros. I have seen it in the 33 Levels of Heaven. Its meaning was once compared to chaos, because chaos is also the same.
It's a cycle over and over again. "
"What's the use of the Ultimate Cycle bloodline?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Hey, I'm not sure …" Heavenly Lord Yuanshi shrugged.
It was also difficult for Heavenly Lord Yuanshi to understand these worlds, but he was sure that none of the four bloodlines were weak.
"The infinite proliferation is traceable, but the Ultimate Cycle is erratic. I'd better look at the next one …"
When Luo Zheng came to the bronze mountain again, he suddenly flew toward it.
The gravity didn't follow, and Luo Zheng left by himself.
After leaving the "cycle", Luo Zheng came to the rightmost side of the world, where there was another crack. There were two Sanskrit characters on both sides of the crack, and the Tianzhi Civilization also helped Luo Zheng to decipher them.
The first Sanskrit explained the meaning of the "ultimate cycle". In fact, it was similar to what Luo Zheng had guessed. By comprehending the pattern of the Ouroboros Serpent through the cycles, one would naturally obtain the bloodline when one comprehended it.
The second Sanskrit character was worthy of Luo Zheng's attention. After entering the crack, the bloodline that could be obtained was called "Myriad Dao Birth and Death."
"The Dao Fusion energy in the Chaos already includes all the essences, and the meaning of" Myriad Dao Birth and Death "is not difficult to imagine. It's to control the birth and destruction of all energy? If it can be interpreted literally, this bloodline is even more terrifying. "
Luo Zheng said in a serious voice.
"Haha, that's not possible," Heavenly Lord Yuanshi said with a smile. "If this is the case, once the infinite proliferation bloodline is obtained, it can really turn into millions of you. Although this is the bloodline of the origin, it can't be so heaven-defying.
Du … "
"That's true," Luo Zheng nodded.
"But you have already mastered the Dao Fusion energy. Maybe this Myriad Dao Birth and Death can inspire the unification of the Dao Fusion?" Heavenly Lord Yuanshi reminded.
Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly, and he had already entered the crack.
The Xuanliang World passed by in a flash.
Originally, Luo Zheng thought that this place where the Myriad Dao Birth and Death was mixed with all kinds of complicated energy.
What he didn't expect was that the world in front of him was just a piece of flat land, and in the center of the flat land was a withered tree. On the branches of the withered tree, purple-black flowers were constantly growing, and the flowers that had just bloomed were blown away by the wind and disappeared …

Chapter 3423
"Squeak squeak! The entire Fandu Heaven is in trouble! "
The leader of the Ear Mice said.
This Ear Mouse was called Moya, and he was one of the nineteen elders of the Ear Mice Clan. He had a high position in the Ear Mice Clan.
"Why is there a problem in Fandu Heaven? What's the problem? "Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
Luo Zheng's process of passing through the Soul City was quite smooth. He thought that it would not be difficult to pass through the Disgraced Bone Land, but it seemed that it was not that simple …
"Many of the bone caves are damaged! A lot of things came in from outside the bone caves! "Moya's voice had a hint of fear.
Obviously, the Ghost Hand Insects were not the only ones that came in from outside.
"But you can obviously leave the Nirvana Realm, why do you only know how to run like this?" Li Bianxue asked.
The monsters outside the bone caves were not like the Genryū, guarding one place all the time. If there was really no way out, they could just recite the Illusion Breaking Spell and leave.
Li Bianxue did not want to help the Ear Mice, but seeing that Luo Zheng had this intention, she did not stop him.
If they really had no way out, she and Luo Zheng could just leave the Nirvana Realm temporarily.
But there should be a reason why the Ear Mice did not leave the Nirvana Realm even though they were being chased like this …
"Squeak squeak, can't you see our feet?" Moya replied.
Luo Zheng and Li Bianxue looked down at the same time, and found that the Ear Mice's feet were flashing light blue.
"Soul Avoiding Water?" Luo Zheng's eyes focused, "The Nirvana Realm creatures of Fandu Heaven know how to use this thing?"
"That …"
Li Bianxue was about to answer Luo Zheng's question, but Moya interrupted her and answered first, "That … Brother Luo Zheng, you did not understand Fandu Heaven properly?"
Being asked the same question for the second time today, Luo Zheng looked embarrassed, "No."
"The entire Fandu Heaven is soaked in Soul Avoiding Water. The Soul Entangling Silk, Soul Avoiding Water, and Soul Breaking Sand of the entire Desire Realm are all produced here," Moya replied.
For these superpowers, producing Soul Repelling Water in Brahma was just a test.
After collecting the Soul Repelling Water and evaporating it with fire to remove the impurities, one would be able to obtain the purest Soul Breaking Sand. If the Soul Breaking Sand was further processed, it would become the Soul Entangling Silk that was even harder to get rid of …
Therefore, not only was there a land of Calamity Bones in Fandu Heaven, it was also considered a "mineral deposit". However, the mineral deposit here was a tool for the Nirvana Realm experts of the Chaotic World to kill each other.
"These bones were soaked in the Soul-repelling Water …" Luo Zheng was astonished.
"It's common sense. I thought you knew." Li Bianxue shrugged.
There were very few people who had gone to the forbidden world outside the bone cave, and what they saw was the ocean-like Soul Avoiding Water. A considerable portion of the bones were soaked in layers under this "ocean", while the other half was above sea level.
When they ascended from Yu Sheng-tian, they were at the bottom of these skeletons, so in reality, they were at the bottom of the ocean.
Strange creatures like the Ghost Hand Insects lived in the Soul-repelling Water all year round, so they knew what their prey was. Generally speaking, they would prioritize attacking creatures that were contaminated by the Soul-repelling Water.
Therefore, in the previous chase, they directly ignored Luo Zheng and Li Bianxue.
Even if Luo Zheng cut their bodies, these Ghost Hand Insects still did not have the intention to attack Luo Zheng and Li Bianxue. They did not have much intelligence, so they just bit the Ear Mice and did not let go.
"Whoosh …"
At this moment, the four Ghost Hand Insects sped up along the cave wall. The three fingers on their heads opened up, and they were about to grab the Ear Mice.
"Squeak squeak!"
Facing the attack of the Ghost Hand Insects, the three Ear Mice did not give up.
After all, they were Saint Soul Realm experts. The strength of their souls was not weaker than an ordinary body!
Mo Ya's body suddenly ran close to the ground, and then he jumped up along the circular cave wall, forcibly avoiding the grab.
The other two Ear Mice used the same method, fully displaying the flexibility of the Ear Mice race!
But the Ghost Hand Insects were clearly faster. One of the Ghost Hand Insects suddenly raised its three fingers and accurately grabbed the head of one of the Ear Mice, and then it was about to drag the Ear Mouse away.
"Squeak squeak squeak …"
The Ear Mouse anxiously screamed, and his body madly struggled.
"Sou!"
At this moment, a light sword flashed, and accurately cut the Ghost Hand Insect's head, which was its hand.
"Wah!"
The Ghost Hand Insect's hand that was cut off opened a mouth, and it let out a painful scream. The three fingers also let go of the Ear Mouse, and it rolled around on the ground …
After that Ear Mouse walked one round around the gates of hell, he quickly recovered and hurriedly followed behind Mo Ya as he continued to run.
"Since these Ghost Hand Insects are stupid enough to only attack Sir Ear Mouse, then this matter will be easy to deal with," said Luo Zheng.
The Ghost Hand Insects were not invulnerable. They were just fast, numerous, and extremely aggressive. But with Luo Zheng's current strength, it was not difficult to kill them.
"Squeak squeak! Indeed! "
"Then I'll have to trouble Brother Luo Zheng!"
"Squeak squeak!"
Mo Ya and the other two Ear Mice were overjoyed.
After all, they had been chased by these Ghost Hand Insects for a long time, and several of their brothers had already fallen …
"Sou sou sou …"
Several more Ghost Hand Insects sped up and rushed forward.
Luo Zheng raised his head, and his eyes slightly narrowed, and the long sword in his hand pierced out a bit of starlight.
"Pu pu pu pu pu pu …"
Several strikes in a row, all of them accurately pierced the Ghost Hand Insects' "wrists", which was probably their necks.
The beheaded Ghost Hand Insects fell to the ground, and wailed and rolled on the ground, but they no longer had the strength to chase after the Ear Mouse …
After determining how to deal with the Ghost Hand Insects, the situation became simple.
The Ghost Hand Insects behind him were densely packed. Although there were many of them, as long as one dared to stick out, Luo Zheng would use his long sword to cut, chop, and stab, and behead it.
In the time it took to burn a stick of incense, Luo Zheng had killed over 30 Ghost Hand Insects …
An hour later, there were only a few Ghost Hand Insects left on the wall.
Luo Zheng abruptly stopped. His long sword slashed upwards, and following this arc of sword light, the heads of those Ghost Hand Insects were chopped off once again. They continued to struggle on the ground.
When the Ear Mice saw that all the Ghost Hand Insects had been killed, they finally stopped and let out a sigh of relief.
"We have finally escaped!"
"If not for Brother Luo Zheng, we might have died here!"
"Speaking of which, it is quite coincidental. My son 'Jin Bai' was saved by you, Luo Zheng, in the Chaotic Origin Great World. That time, you had just stepped into the Desire Realm. Who would have thought that you have already reached the Brahma Heaven, and even saved my life …" That Ear Mouse sighed emotionally.
Just as the Three Ear Mice were expressing their gratitude, Li Bianxue suddenly asked: "But where are we now?"

Chapter 3424
After a simple exchange, the face in the square suddenly cried out in pain.
His face turned from red to white, and then from white to red.
"Promise, promise me …" he continued to sing, and there was no lack of sincerity in his painful voice.
Luo Zheng could feel his emotions, which were really the emotions of someone who wanted to die.
"Okay," Luo Zheng nodded. "But you have to tell me about the situation here first."
The Chaotic World knew very little about the Xuanliang World.
It was not because the people in the Chaotic World did not like to explore. Jiang Ziya and the Elemental Spirit civilization actually yearned for the world outside the Chaotic World and spent most of their lives exploring the Outer World.
It was because of the limitations of living creatures …
Living creatures born in the Chaotic World, after entering the Xuanliang World, were like blind people entering a colorful world. They could not see the whole picture of the whole world.
"This is the abandoned Eternal Court, which was sealed by the Time Lock a long time ago. Logically speaking, no one should be able to get close to this place. I don't know how you came in, but since you're here, your goal must be the origin bloodline, right?"
The face said.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded, and at the same time caught a few words that the face said.
Eternal Court, Time Lock, abandoned …
Could it be that the Immortal Painting was connected to an abandoned place?
"The Eternal Divine Court is the land of their bloodline. The lower level hides the origin bloodline, the second level hides the origin bloodline, and that …" The face pointed upwards. "That's the origin bloodline."
"Origin?" Luo Zheng blinked.
"Yes, the origin bloodline! That's the foundation for their foothold, and also the foundation for their conquest of one world after another … "The face was excited, and a flush appeared on his face again, as if he was using all his strength to speak.
"You should be glad that the Time Lock exists. They thought that no one could enter the abandoned Eternal Court, otherwise you would definitely be finished, hahahaha …"
Luo Zheng looked at this crazy guy and did not know what to say for a moment.
It seemed that he had broken into a place that was absolutely impossible to break into.
Or the Immortal Painting had been built a long time ago, and the so-called "they" had ignored this small passage when they sealed the Eternal Court with the Time Lock, so he entered under special circumstances?
Luo Zheng felt that his analysis was correct …
"Go, the Origin Grade Bloodline is up there. You have to get it. They definitely wouldn't have thought that an outsider would enter here one day …"
After chattering for a long time, the man suddenly remembered his' business' and said, "Alright, you can kill me now!"
A cunning look flashed in the depths of his eyes.
"Tell me how to get to the upper level first." Luo Zheng pointed upwards. In fact, Luo Zheng didn't find a second crack in this space.
"You go first," the man demanded.
Luo Zheng shrugged when he saw the other party's anxious look. "Then … I'm sorry, I'll look for it myself."
After saying this, Luo Zheng slowly rose into the air.
"No, no, no!"
That person panicked and let out a roar. His whole body suddenly rushed towards Luo Zheng who was outside the square.
However, this cube was a perfect prison. It was impossible to break it from the inside!
"Bang, bang, bang …"
He slammed against the cube with all his might, trying to break out of the prison. However, no matter how hard he slammed, the cube didn't budge at all. It only rotated according to its original trajectory.
When he slammed against the cube, his entire body was exposed.
He only had the upper body of a human, while his lower body had eight spider-like sharp legs. At the end of each leg was an eye, and those eyes released a sharp beam of light that bombarded the cube.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
Terrifying energy spread throughout the cube. Even though the cube didn't move at all, it still caused Luo Zheng to feel shocked.
This half-human, half-spider fellow was terrifyingly strong. Fortunately, he hadn't been released …
He watched on helplessly as Luo Zheng slowly flew away. Finally, he calmed down a little.
After being imprisoned for so many years, he had thought of ending his life. However, he had always held onto a trace of hope in his heart, an illusory hope. What if someone could reopen the Eternal Divine Court?
He knew that this hope was too small. Even so, he continued to live in torment. Finally, the opportunity he had been waiting for had arrived.
People from the outside space could freely enter the cube. As long as anything from the outside touched him, he would be able to successfully walk out. At the same time, he would obtain the bloodline of the Eternal Divine Court. The bloodline that represented the origin …
Unfortunately …
Just a little more …
Just a little more …
What was worse was that he had revealed enough information. This information was originally meant to gain that idiot's trust!
Luo Zheng floated above this space, looking for the passage to the next level.
He could sense that the spiderman's words weren't all lies. At least, it gave him a chance to peek into the Xuan Liang World.
There was also a bronze wall above this space. There were no cracks. Naturally, Luo Zheng couldn't pass through it.
After looking up for a while, Luo Zheng tried to punch the bronze wall with his fist.
"Dong!"
The force of ten thousand Shen Jun hit the bronze wall. It was as if he had hit a big drum. A violent roar reverberated in the space.
'It's empty. Maybe I can force it open?'
"Dong!"
"Dong!"
"Dong!"
Thirty thousand Shen Jun …
Fifty thousand Shen Jun …
Hundred thousand Shen Jun.
Even when the Spirit of Chaotic Origin reached the upper limit, this bronze wall didn't budge at all.
Luo Zheng wasn't discouraged. Since he couldn't break it open with a hundred thousand Shen Jun, he would wait for the Celestial Spear to fully recover.
"You won't be able to open it. Without my guidance, you will never be able to obtain the Origin bloodline …" The spiderman in the cube started singing again, "I can make a deal with you, as long as you …"
"Heaven Execution Civilization, there is no need to decipher it." Luo Zheng said.
Even if he could release this spiderman without suffering any injuries, he would most likely kill him and snatch the Origin bloodline. This was an undeniable fact. Hence, there was no point in communicating with him.
After the Heaven Execution core stopped deciphering, the spiderman's voice turned into a rhythmic wail.
Luo Zheng crossed his arms. He stared at the bronze wall above him. As he pondered on how to pass through, he suddenly discovered a clear pattern on the bronze wall.

Chapter 3425
After walking out of the bone hole at the top, Luo Zheng saw a white shoal.
Luo Zheng stepped onto the shoal and reached out to grab a handful of the white sand. He said, "This white sand is also bones. It seems like countless bones have been crushed and gathered here?"
"Normal bones would have been eroded by the wind if they were crushed to this extent. These bones were originally this small," the Primeval Lord of Heaven replied.
Hearing the Primeval Lord of Heaven's words, Luo Zheng looked carefully. Indeed, as the Primeval Lord of Heaven said, although these bones were small, most of them were in a complete form without any damage!
"Such a small creature, could it be the Ji Chou civilization?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's not us. Our form is even smaller than the bones in your hand," the green civilization on the Tool of Civilization replied.
Too many civilizations were born in the Chaos, and too many creatures of different forms were born.
There were more than a thousand dominators, not to mention that there were many races that had never dominated the Chaos.
"Walk forward, you'll find something new," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said.
Luo Zheng walked along the white beach. As he walked forward, the bones on the ground gradually grew bigger. From the size of sand, to the size of peas, to the size of fists …
This scene was similar to the Eternal Wasteland, but the difference was that the bones in the Eternal Wasteland were placed randomly. The bones on this beach were placed in an orderly manner.
After taking another two steps, Luo Zheng saw familiar bones. They were human bones!
He bent down and picked up an arm bone. He then asked, "Does this beach record the bones of all the creatures in the Nirvana Realm?"
"Correct," the Primeval Lord of Heaven replied.
"What about the Green Jade civilization?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Some civilizations had special forms. For example, the Green Jade civilization might not even have bones.
"Young man, look ahead to your left," the Green Jade Spirit suddenly said with a smile.
The Green Jade Spirit had also set foot on the land of the Calamity Bones, so it naturally knew about this place.
Luo Zheng looked ahead to his left. He saw many green fragments among the bones. Beside the green fragments, there were pieces of metal bones. Those should be the bones of the metal civilization …
"When you enter the Soul City, your soul will undergo a metamorphosis. When you enter the Land of Bones, your body will undergo a metamorphosis. Remember, the degree of metamorphosis of your soul and body will directly determine the power you obtain from the Immortal Scroll," the Honoured Lord of the Origin reminded him.
In the Immortal realm, the person in the scroll was the most powerful existence in this world.
However, the Immortal Paintings were also ranked. The higher the rank, the more power they would obtain.
"It's related to the Immortal Scroll?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows..
"Yes," the Honoured Lord of the Origin said with a smile. "Nine Holy Soul Seals... You are the first person in history. Just by relying on these nine Holy Soul Seals, your ranking in the Immortal Picture Scroll will not be low. However, if you can get the nine Calamity Bone Seals, you will be able to break into the Immortal Picture Scroll.
......
In fact, the Primeval Lord of Heaven had already discussed this with the heroes of the Human Clan. They were naturally full of expectations for Luo Zheng.
"The more Calamity Bones I get, the higher my ranking in the Immortal Scroll will be?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Most of the time, but there are exceptions," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said. "My Junior Brother once obtained 16 Calamity Bones Immortal Scrolls, but his ranking in the Immortal Scroll is not very ideal. It is said that the guy who ranks first in the Immortal Scroll only has 14 Calamity Bones Immortal Scrolls."
Those with more Calamity Bones Immortal Scrolls would naturally be like tigers with wings. However, there were always some creatures with amazing perseverance who could create miracles and even defeat the stronger ones.
"Who is that?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"It's Genryū's Eye Spirit," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said with a hint of caution on his face.
There were not many creatures in this world who could make the Primeval Lord of Heaven so cautious. "Eye Spirit" was one of them.
"Eye Spirit … is it the strongest of the Primeval Lord of Heaven?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes," the Primeval Lord of Heaven nodded.
Luo Zheng did not continue to ask.
After passing the Land of Calamity Bones, he would enter the Thirty-second Heaven sooner or later to challenge the Immortal Scroll. Right now, he had to pass the Land of Calamity Bones first.
After Luo Zheng passed by the human skeletons, he continued to move forward. The scattered skeletons grew bigger and bigger. There were skeletons that were dozens of feet tall, hundreds of feet tall, and even hundreds of feet tall. Only a small portion of those huge skeletons were floating on the sea. Only the tip of the iceberg was exposed.
Soon, Luo Zheng came to the edge of the white beach. If he walked further, he would be in the sea of Soul Avoiding Water.
"We've reached the end," Luo Zheng shrugged. "Where is the Land of Calamity Bones?"
"Wait, there should be Bone Slaves coming," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said.
Luo Zheng sat on a huge bone and waited. Just then, in the distance on the other side of the beach, a little green phosphorescence suddenly appeared!
Ghost Fire?
The graveyard was the place where bones were buried, so phosphorescence often rose. There were so many bones here, so it was normal for phosphorescence to appear. However, it was a little surprising that phosphorescence would appear in a place as bright as day.
After the phosphorescence floated directly into the skulls of the human race, these skulls floated on their own and became the other parts of the body.
The spine, the shoulder blades, the ribs …
After a while, they turned into a few skeletons and walked toward Luo Zheng.
"Are they Bone Slaves?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, every race will have a corresponding Bone Slave of the same race," the Primeval Lord of Heaven answered.
"What if a race enters here for the first time?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Before they enter, the bones of this race will be created," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said.
There were some special forces in the Nirvana Realm. The Soul City and the Land of Calamity Bones were both built by the Moment Civilization, so it was naturally different from other places.
"Then these bones are created out of thin air, right?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven was asked by Luo Zheng and naturally associated it with the Gist of Trueness of Three Spirits Construction. He smiled slightly and said, "It is indeed possible!"
Jiang Ziya discovered the Gist of Trueness of Three Spirits Construction outside the Chaos, so the Moment Civilization should be from outside the Chaos.
Those skeletons came to Luo Zheng. The skeleton in the front walked past Luo Zheng and turned over a slightly larger bone. This bone floated on the surface of the Soul Avoiding Water and formed a boat.
After the skeleton made a gesture, it said in a strange voice, "Please board the boat."
Luo Zheng's face showed a hint of vigilance. He was asking for the Primeval Lord of Heaven's opinion.
"If you want to go to the Land of Calamity Bones, you naturally have to board this bone boat," the Primeval Lord of Heaven answered.
Only then did Luo Zheng leap into the air and land in the middle of the ship.

Chapter 3426
A white bone boat was floating on the blue ocean.
The bone boat relied on the bone slaves to paddle forward, so its speed was naturally not fast.
Now that Luo Zheng could fly, he could also fly across the ocean or help the bone slaves push the bone boat.
However, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin had warned Luo Zheng not to break the rules of the land of bones. Back then, they had also entered like this. Luo Zheng let the bone slaves paddle slowly …
These bone slaves had the most basic spiritual intelligence and could communicate smoothly with Luo Zheng. However, they seemed to know very little. When it came to the origin of the bone slaves and the land of bones, they only answered that they didn't know.
After asking a few questions, Luo Zheng also stopped talking.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
As they slowly moved forward and passed by the bones inserted into the sea, a small white island appeared in front of them.
This small island was piled up with thick bones. In the center of the island, there was a huge skull, but it was unknown what kind of creature's skull it was.
"Have we reached the land of bones?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes," the bone slave nodded.
As the bone boat slowly approached the shore, Luo Zheng lightly jumped and landed on the island.
Just as Luo Zheng stood firmly, a handful of seawater splashed toward his head!
After walking in the Nirvana Realm for so long, Luo Zheng was still very afraid of things like the Soul Avoiding Water. The thunder wings on his back suddenly exploded, and his body turned backward, barely avoiding the Soul Avoiding Water!
When Luo Zheng stabilized his body in the air, he focused his eyes and saw that there were more than ten creatures on both sides of the island!
These creatures had different shapes. Some were as small as poles, and some were as tall as giants. They were obviously creatures of the Nirvana Realm!
"Hasn't it been a long time since anyone entered the land of bones?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
He thought that he was the only one in the entire land of bones. He didn't expect so many creatures of the Nirvana Realm to suddenly appear!
"The creatures of the chaos can't enter the land of bones, but the creatures of the Nirvana Realm can," the Heavenly Lord of the Origin said.
As long as the Heavenly Lord wasn't bound to a certain layer of heaven, the creatures of the Nirvana Realm could also become stronger step by step. They could also cast their Divine Soul, accept the baptism of the land of bones, enter the immortal picture scroll, and go to the 33 Layers of Heaven.
"It's that human boy!"
"Human, don't you know the rules? Creatures of the Nirvana Realm must touch the Soul Avoiding Water to be qualified to land!"
"Yes, we have no intention of the Origin Heavenly Lord of the Nirvana Realm..
Compared to the Nirvana Realm in the Nirvana Realm, the Nirvana Realm.
These Nirvana Realm creatures had stayed here for quite some time and were gradually getting familiar with each other. It was easy for them to form a united front against the outside world, and Luo Zheng was obviously an outsider.
"Rules? Who set the rules? "Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly.
"This isn't set by anyone. The land of bones has always had this rule," one of the creatures of the Nirvana Realm explained.
"Haha," Luo Zheng laughed coldly. "Since the ancient times, no one in the chaos can enter the land of bones. After so long, this rule still hasn't been broken? Or is this rule just recently set up by you? "
The Soul Avoiding Water was only effective on creatures of the Nirvana Realm. This rule was naturally aimed at creatures of the chaos. However, creatures of the chaos hadn't set foot here for a long time.
Now that Luo Zheng had appeared, the rule had been set up. There was a 99% chance that Genryū was behind this.
After being questioned by Luo Zheng, the creatures of the Nirvana Realm were suddenly speechless.
"There's only one purpose for sprinkling the Soul Avoiding Water on me, and that's to prevent me from escaping, right?"
Luo Zheng asked as he slowly descended. At the same time, the power of the Nirvana Realm in the Weapon of Civilization surged wildly.
"Crash!"
As the surging power of the Nirvana Realm exploded, his entire body was like a meteorite falling from the sky, crashing toward the island.
The creatures of the Nirvana Realm originally wanted to surround him. However, after feeling Luo Zheng's falling rock, their expressions changed drastically and they couldn't help but retreat!
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng crashed heavily on the island.
Under the huge impact, the entire island shook violently. The surrounding seawater also spread out circles of tsunamis.
Luo Zheng looked at the ground of the island in surprise. The ground was also formed by piles of bones. However, the strength of these bones was far beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. Under such an impact, the bones didn't show any signs of breaking.
Instead of shattering the bones on the ground, the creatures of the Nirvana Realm were stunned.
Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, they had indeed received news that a creature of the Chaos would come. If they could take down this creature of the Chaos, their tribe would definitely reward them handsomely!
These creatures of the Nirvana Realm originally thought that the intruder was very weak and that they could easily take him down by sprinkling the Soul-avoiding Water when he was unprepared. Who would have thought that this person had such strength?
After being stunned for a while, they still didn't make a sound. They lowered their heads like children who had done something wrong.
After all, they weren't creatures of the Chaos and couldn't leave the Nirvana Realm.
"I wonder if anyone else wants to sprinkle the Soul-avoiding Water?" Luo Zheng glanced around and asked coldly.
Still, no one answered. They only looked at Luo Zheng with reverence.
Luo Zheng moved toward a burly creature. This burly creature had a bull-like head with a pair of sharp horns and a strong body. It was the Winged Bull Clan of the 27th Heaven. When the Winged Bull Clan saw Luo Zheng coming toward them, they quickly explained, "It's the one who brought the news.
It told us that if we take you down, the Genryū will definitely reward us and benefit our tribe! "
The Winged Bull Clan member pointed at a cat-like creature not far away. It was the Heaven-Eyed Cat Clan.
When the Winged Bull Clan member pointed at it, the Heaven-Eyed Cat Clan member took two steps back. Its eyes narrowed and emitted a dangerous gaze, ready to deal with Luo Zheng's attack at any time.
Luo Zheng just glanced at it indifferently and said, "I'm only here to pass through the Calamity Bone. As for the feud between me and Genryū, it's better if you don't interfere!"
These creatures of the Nirvana Realm were also the best of their respective tribes. They had previously thought that Luo Zheng was a pushover and naturally wanted to swarm him.
However, after Luo Zheng displayed such strength, they naturally didn't want to risk their lives!
"Yes, yes, yes. I'm not Genryū's man." The Winged Bull Clan member nodded repeatedly.
When the others saw that Luo Zheng didn't show too much hostility, they immediately heaved a sigh of relief. The atmosphere also relaxed.
Luo Zheng looked toward the depths of the island and asked at the same time, "The Calamity Bone Site hasn't opened yet?"
When they were on the bone ship, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin had roughly explained the rules of the Calamity Bone Site.

Chapter 3427
The bronze statues on the four pillars silently watched this scene.
There was a slight change in their eyes, as if they were looking at a dead person.
The origin bloodline was definitely not something an ordinary person could touch. The bronze statues indeed believed that Luo Zheng was courting death.
The word "origin" was easy to understand. The blood in the Holy Grail was the origin of all bloodlines.
Only the strongest among them had the qualifications to tame the Origin Bloodline and find their own path from the Origin Bloodline.
Therefore, the ability of the origin bloodline was not fixed. Every person who successfully fused with the origin bloodline would obtain a unique power.
They stood together at the origin of the bloodline, found a direction, and opened a path.
Four of them were the most widely known, and they were the four origin bloodlines of the Four Symbols Courtyard. These four origin bloodlines were actually born from the Origin Bloodline!
"Buzz!"
A huge circle appeared around the Holy Grail. Short pillars of light appeared in these circles, presenting a very symmetrical map.
In the Eternal Divine Court, when the origin bloodline was fused, a grand ceremony would be held.
The powerhouses who stood at the peak of the various worlds had to prostrate themselves around the plaza and become the most devout believers.
Sometimes, this celebration would become an execution ground. Because most of the creatures that entered the Holy Grail could not escape death, the ceremony was often accompanied by death instead of success …
"The map has appeared …"
The bronze man looked at the circle of light outside the Holy Grail.
When the people in the Holy Grail began to fuse with their bloodlines, pillars of light would rise from the bottom of the Holy Grail. There were a total of 373 pillars of light. Each pillar of light represented the possibility of the origin bloodline. This was the bloodline map.
The bloodline atlas formed by the three hundred and seventy-three pillars of light had almost infinite changes, which meant that the "Origin" bloodline had infinite abilities. Even they had not fully understood the bloodline atlas, and they had roughly divided it into four categories.
If there were more pillars of light on the left side, it meant that the origin bloodline after the fusion would lean towards "creation". If there were more pillars of light on the right side, it would lean towards "space-time". If there were more pillars of light on the left side, it would lean towards "life". If there were more pillars of light on the right side, it would lean towards "destruction".
The different pillars of light would have completely unclassifiable combinations. This kind of classification could only be used as a reference.
"All the pillars of light have begun to extend, but they will soon stop," the bronze monkey said disdainfully.
Even if a pig was thrown in, after the Origin Bloodline went in, all the light pillars under the wine cup would rise by three to four feet.
These pillars of light represented the potential of the being in the cup. Once its potential was exhausted, its life would come to an end …
Unless there was at least one pillar of light connected to the surrounding halos before the potential was exhausted, this meant that the person in the cup was qualified to fuse with the Origin Bloodline.
"It stopped?" The bronze snake was also paying attention to the movement of the light pillar.
With the Holy Grail as the center, the pillars of light around it stopped in unison, no longer moving.
Inside the Holy Grail, the originally crimson "human" shape slowly melted, as if it had turned into viscous blood and slowly sank into the Holy Grail …
"He's dead. He couldn't withstand the Origin Bloodline and was directly swallowed by the bloodline." The Bronze Monkey sneered.
The bronze man remained silent.
Actually, there was a tiny bit of hope in his heart. This person was able to enter this place for no apparent reason. It was also a stroke of fate. Was he going to fail just like that?
What am I thinking …
Failure should be the norm for the Origin Bloodline, right?
He shook his head slightly. If the monkey wasn't so irritable, he would have communicated with this person more. At least he would know where he came from.
"The pillars of light did not recede," the bronze snake suddenly said.
The statues on the four pillars looked puzzled. When a person died, the diagram would disappear and everything would return to its original state.
Could it be that too much time had passed and there was a problem here?
Just as they were puzzled, two of the pillars of light began to extend rapidly.
The two pillars of light were on the lower left side. Generally, the pillars of light in this area represented the Origin Bloodline's life attribute.
"The person is dead. Why are the pillars of light still growing?" the bronze bird asked curiously.
"There must be a problem …" The bronze monkey sighed.
The bronze square, the Holy Grail, and the Origin Bloodline all had problems …
It should be their turn next, right?
Although this place was called the Eternal Court, there was no true immortality in this world.
"Gulp, gulp …"
At this moment, the viscous blood in the Holy Grail suddenly changed. The outline of a person slowly emerged from the Holy Grail!
"Fusion and reconstruction?"
The bronze man's face was full of surprise. The other three bronze statues had similar reactions.
The Origin Bloodline itself had infinite possibilities …
There had been people who turned into golden statues the moment they entered the Origin Bloodline. There were also people who turned into a wisp of smoke and disappeared after touching the Origin Bloodline.
The combination of three hundred and seventy-three special attributes made it impossible to predict what would happen.
And the Fusion and Reconstruction was an extremely rare type!
After Luo Zheng was immersed in the Origin Divine Blood, his entire body seemed to be boiling. Intense pain came from all over his body.
This Origin Divine Blood was very special. It could fuse with almost everything, from skin, flesh, bones, organs, blood, and even the soul.
Luo Zheng couldn't even move, let alone get rid of it. He could only watch as his entire body was engulfed by the Origin Divine Blood. Not long after, he completely sank into darkness.
The two bloodline powers originally contained in Luo Zheng's body began to fuse with the Origin Divine Blood.
The first bloodline came from Chiyou. It was an Origin Bloodline.
The second bloodline came from the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods. The six bloodlines of the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods weren't Origin Bloodlines. They were directly derived from the truth of the Primal Chaos. However, the bloodlines themselves were on par with Origin Bloodlines. Thus, there were two life attributes in the Holy Grail, one long and one short.
The two pillars of light extended out.
In this absolute darkness, Luo Zheng saw scattered specks of light in the distance …
Luo Zheng had already lost his vision and his five senses. He didn't know what form he was in.
However, when he noticed these specks of light, he had a faint feeling that these specks of light were connected. Those specks of light seemed to be a mountain.
He wanted to reach out but couldn't. He wanted to sense but couldn't.
What did this mean?
Was this a puzzle of the Xuan Liang World? Or was this a special test?
…
Inside the Xuan Liang World …
Some specks of light quietly floated. The different arrangements of the specks of light represented that a certain creature was advancing.
This creature was Luo Nian.
There was a rope hanging from Luo Nian's waist. Behind the rope was Jiang Ziya.
Along the way, Luo Nian seemed to be dragging a blind man …
After entering the Xuanliang World, Luo Nian couldn't communicate with Jiang Ziya.
Of course, this wasn't Luo Nian's problem. Jiang Ziya couldn't hear or speak.

Chapter 3428
That window was much bigger than the one Jiang Ziya had opened. It could even be called a door.
Luo Nian knew his strength well. Even with Jiang Ziya's help, he lacked the support of the Paramita Token and the protection of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin. It was still dangerous for him.
Without knowing what was inside the window, Luo Nian decisively retreated.
After informing Jiang Ziya of this matter, it aroused Jiang Ziya's interest.
Actually, many years ago, when Jiang Ziya first explored the Profound Amount World, he had a rough understanding of the entire Profound Amount World. He suspected that there were other second-tier worlds in the Profound Amount World.
But at that time, Jiang Ziya's area of exploration was limited. He could only move around in the nearest region. He was also afraid that the rope behind him would break.
Ever since Luo Nian came, his area of activity had been expanding rapidly. The only trouble was those tentacle monsters on the grassland.
These tentacle monsters were not strong, and there were not many of them. If Jiang Ziya could move freely in the Profound Amount World, he could easily wipe them out. The problem was that Jiang Ziya could not fight in the Profound Amount World …
"I feel that we can use the method of fishing to lure those tentacle monsters in." Luo Nian gave his idea.
"Fishing?" Jiang Ziya became interested.
In the following period of time, Luo Nian helped Jiang Ziya to place the long rope on the grassland. At one end of the rope, there were live cows and live pigs. These creatures were naturally created by Jiang Ziya's True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction.
They did not know how to run around after entering the Profound Amount World.
Just like that, those tentacle monsters on the grassland were fished into the cave by Jiang Ziya. They were killed one by one …
Jiang Ziya was an expert at fishing. Those tentacle monsters were not stupid either. After discovering that many of their kind had been fished away, they did not take the bait. Hence, Jiang Ziya used different methods to create all sorts of delicious bait.
The remaining tentacle monsters could not take it anymore. They gave up on this grassland altogether.
After clearing the obstacles on the grassland, Luo Nian was able to explore a wider region. Soon, he discovered the window to another world.
After reaching the window, Luo Nian pulled Jiang Ziya to his side and pushed him into the window. Luo Nian then followed him in.
"Weng …"
Many scattered light spots shrank and gathered, forming the real bodies of Jiang Ziya and Luo Nian.
From the outside, the window wasn't big, but after entering it, he realized that the "window" wasn't just big. It was an open and huge cave.
The cave was filled with a pale yellow fog, which seemed to be some kind of poisonous fog.
Jiang Ziya waved his hand, and a space enveloped Luo Nian, preventing him from being attacked by the poisonous fog.
"Buzz …"
When the Law of Space was easily displayed, Jiang Ziya murmured, "The basic rules are the same …"
The 3,000 Divine Daos were born from the Dao Fusion energy, which was also the foundation of the operation of the Primal Chaos.
If there was no Dao Fusion energy in this world, there would naturally be no 3,000 Divine Daos. In that case, Jiang Ziya would not be able to release the 3,000 Divine Daos.
"Let's go in and take a look!"
Jiang Ziya dragged Luo Nian, and the two of them turned into two beams of light and rushed into the cave.
Jiang Ziya originally thought that it would not take long for him to leave the cave. However, after walking along the huge cave for over a hundred miles, the cave in front of him became more and more spacious. However, he still could not see the end of the cave. There was still yellow poisonous smoke everywhere.
"This world is a little strange. Stand firm."
After saying that, Jiang Ziya used Greater Teleportation and disappeared with Luo Nian.
"Buzz!"
With Jiang Ziya's ability, he could teleport more than ten million miles with a single Greater Teleportation.
In the next moment, he and Luo Nian appeared in a void. This void was very wide, and one could not see the end of it. It was somewhat similar to the chaos, but instead of the clouds of chaos, there was a yellow poisonous fog drifting in this place.
"This should be similar to the Primal Chaos, right?" Luo Nian asked.
Luo Nian had not seen the Primal Chaos with his own eyes, but he had heard of it.
"No." Jiang Ziya shook his head. "This is just a slightly bigger cave. This world is very strange. It seems to be made up of many huge caves, and the caves are their world …"
While speaking, Jiang Ziya grabbed Luo Nian and performed Greater Teleportation again and again.
From one huge cave to another huge cave, it was still barren and empty. Other than the yellow poisonous fog, there was nothing else.
After using Greater Teleportation more than a hundred times, Jiang Ziya entered a new cave.
At the bottom of this cave, other than the poisonous fog, they finally saw something different. There were craters on the ground like volcanoes.
"So many volcanoes …" Luo Nian looked excited.
"They are not volcanoes." Jiang Ziya shook his head. "They are the caves of some living creatures."
He carried Luo Nian along the way. Luo Nian only saw the caves passing by, but Jiang Ziya's Divine Sense was constantly spreading out.
When his Divine Sense was exploring the inside of the caves, he had already found some fragmentary things.
In the depths of these huge caves, there were some traces of living creatures. There were even some simple buildings that had been buried for a long time.
However, no matter how strong the buildings were, they could not withstand the erosion of time. After one billion or ten billion years, everything would be restored to a piece of soil.
However, there was something different here. He sensed that there were living creatures in the craters of the volcanoes.
As soon as the two of them landed, clouds of yellow poisonous fog were spewed out from the craters of the volcanoes. Then, brown-yellow four-legged snakes came out from the craters and rushed toward the two of them.
These four-legged snakes looked ferocious. Their backs were densely packed with yellow poisonous bubbles. Luo Nian was a little terrified.
Jiang Ziya shook his head in disappointment. "They are very low-level poisonous creatures. They have no intelligence."
As he spoke, he pressed his hand in the air. Long swords appeared out of thin air and nailed these four-legged snakes to the ground.
"I don't believe it. Keep looking!"
He did not know what had happened to this world …
However, if there were also experts of the Nirvana Realm or experts who had entered the Immortal Painting, they would definitely leave some traces in this world.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz …"
Jiang Ziya used Greater Teleportation again and again.
After countless times, Luo Nian suddenly reminded him, "Senior Jiang, if this world also has an end, after it is completely destroyed, I'm afraid nothing will exist anymore, right?"
Hearing Luo Nian's words, Jiang Ziya, who was still using Greater Teleportation, trembled slightly.
Every time the end of chaos descended, everything in the world would be wiped out. Naturally, no traces would be left.

Chapter 3429
Luo Nian's words enlightened Jiang Ziya.
After all, the Arrival of the End could end everything in the Chaotic World.
If no new intelligent creatures were born at this time, the world would become an empty shell …
"That's right," Jiang Ziya nodded and said, "Maybe this world also has the Way of Order and the Way of Emptiness. It seems that the people who believe in the Way of Emptiness won the battle. They destroyed everything, or maybe they defended everything.
The Way of Order won. They limited the number of creatures to a very small number and hid in some corner of these caves. "
A Chaotic World was really too big. It was harder to find that small number of creatures than to find a needle in a haystack.
But no matter how one looked at it, the Way of the End was definitely defeated.
"Is there a Nirvana Realm in this world?" Luo Nian asked again.
Hearing Luo Nian's words, Jiang Ziya raised his eyebrows slightly and smiled. "That's possible. Come with me and take a look!"
The 3,000 Divine Daos were connected in the two worlds, so the True Meaning of Tao should be.
After all, the True Meaning of Tao didn't come from the Chaotic World. In fact, it came from the higher civilization of Ksana, which was the Xuanliang World. It should be more versatile than the energy of Tao.
Under the guidance of the Green Jade Spirit, Luo Nian had completely grasped the True Meaning of Tao. But because Luo Zheng didn't allow him to leave the inner world, he didn't have the chance to go to the Sea of True Meaning. He didn't expect to go to another world with Jiang Ziya.
On the Nirvana Realm in another world.
"Buzz …"
Jiang Ziya sat cross-legged in the air and stretched out four palms. The four palms held faint sword shadows and slowly danced around Jiang Ziya and Luo Nian.
Although this world was empty, it was still necessary to take some precautions.
Then the two began to recite the True Meaning of Tao to communicate with the Nirvana Realm.
While they were reciting, the yellow poisonous fog in the distance was like leeches that smelled blood. It swarmed toward them and wrapped Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya tightly.
"The True Meaning of Tao can attract the poisonous fog?" Jiang Ziya showed a strange expression.
Cultivating the True Meaning of Tao in the Chaotic World couldn't attract the Chaotic Aura. In this regard, the two worlds were fundamentally different.
Jiang Ziya and Luo Nian continued to recite the True Meaning of Dao. Soon, the whole world turned upside down in front of their eyes.
The first time one entered the Nirvana Realm in the Chaos World, one would first appear in the Sea of True Meaning. The next time one entered, it would be the direction one exited from.
This was the first time Jiang Ziya and Luo Nian had come to the other side of this world, but they didn't know if there was a Sea of True Meaning in this world.
Following a bout of dizziness, the two of them felt as if a sudden clap of thunder had exploded in their minds. In the next moment, they appeared in a world of yellow clouds and mist.
"We entered the Paramita World just like that?" Luo Nian looked around curiously.
All sorts of poisonous creatures were crawling around the two of them.
A scorpion with six pairs of compound eyes, a snake with thorns all over its body, and a giant mosquito with a large body …
"A creature from the Nirvana Realm?" Jiang Ziya frowned and arrived at the Nirvana Realm of the Poisonous Fog World smoothly. There were many Nirvana Realm creatures here, but they didn't seem to have any intelligence.
"Zi zi zi …"
When the poisonous creatures from the Nirvana Realm saw the two of them, they rushed toward them.
They didn't see how Jiang Ziya attacked, but any poisonous creature that came within a hundred feet of him trembled slightly and fell to the ground as if they had been electrocuted.
Because there were too many poisonous creatures, they quickly piled up into a small mountain around Jiang Ziya.
"Whoosh!"
Jiang Ziya pulled Luo Nian out of the mountain of corpses and flew toward the depths of the poisonous fog.
"There doesn't seem to be a Sea of True Meaning here," Luo Nian said.
"The layout of the Nirvana Realm was set up by the Moment Civilization. Although there isn't a Sea of True Meaning here, there is an endless poisonous fog," Jiang Ziya said.
The poisonous fog was a piece of cake for Jiang Ziya, and he could easily protect Luo Nian. However, it wouldn't be so easy for the people from this world to enter the Nirvana Realm.
The poisonous fog was so dense that it was almost boundless.
Jiang Ziya carried Luo Nian and traveled for a long time. Jiang Ziya was fine, and he could fly for ten days to half a month without any problem. However, Luo Nian felt that his body was stiff …
After a full twenty hours, they finally reached the end of the path.
What appeared in front of the two of them was a void filled with brownish-yellow energy flows.
The edges of the ground under Jiang Ziya and Luo Nian's feet were as sharp as broken porcelain …
"The ground is broken, senior!" Luo Nian said curiously.
"I'm afraid the entire Nirvana Realm is broken," Jiang Ziya said in a low voice.
The situation was worse than Jiang Ziya had expected. According to his plan, the World of Poisonous Fog would be destroyed, but the Nirvana Shore of the World of Poisonous Fog would be spared. Just like the view in the World of Chaos, the Nirvana Shore was a permanent refuge.
However, the Nirvana Realm here was still not spared …
"Senior, over there," Luo Nian suddenly said, pointing into the distance.
In the brownish-yellow energy currents, there was a floating fragment. The fragment was not big, but some low buildings could be seen on it.
"Come with me!"
Jiang Ziya grabbed Luo Nian and was about to fly up.
"Senior, aren't you afraid of these energy currents?" Luo Nian asked worriedly.
With Luo Nian's strength, he was instinctively afraid of the energy contained in these energy currents. As long as a trace of it touched Luo Nian's body, he would be completely eroded.
"It's fine to take a little bit of it!"
Jiang Ziya was an Immortal Realm expert after all. Moreover, he had the bloodline of the origin.
In addition, he had stayed in Ji Deleted Space for so long. His strength was enough to rank at the top of the Chaotic World. Although these energy currents were powerful, they could not harm him.
Whoosh!
After the two of them entered the energy currents, they floated toward the island-sized fragment.
In a short while, the two of them arrived at the island.
"So many houses …" Luo Nian exclaimed.
The buildings on the island were very short. They only reached Luo Nian's waist. They were densely packed and almost occupied the entire island. Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya did not even have a place to rest.
"Come out!"
Jiang Ziya shouted in a low voice.
He could feel that the bottom of these buildings was filled with Nirvana Realm creatures.
Because of his arrival, these Nirvana Realm creatures were very afraid and went into the caves at the bottom of the buildings.
"Senior …"
Luo Nian looked at Jiang Ziya helplessly. Facing a different race, it would be strange if they were willing to come out with Jiang Ziya's attitude.
He said, "We don't mean any harm. We just want to investigate some things. We hope to communicate with you …"
Perhaps Luo Nian's kindness had an effect, for a rustling sound came from one of the low buildings, and then a short creature covered in hair drilled out. There was also a transparent poisonous bubble on the creature's head. Inside the poisonous bubble was a poisonous bubble.
It was filled with bright yellow venom.

Chapter 3430
The short creature walked up to Jiang Ziya with small steps, then looked at the two of them with a frightened expression.
The people in those buildings also cast frightened gazes. They hid in the dark, sizing up the outsiders they had never seen before.
The short creature could feel how powerful Jiang Ziya was. As long as Jiang Ziya wanted, he could kill all the creatures on this fragment with a single finger.
"Gurgle gurgle … Exalted, Exalted God … Your Excellency, may I know the reason for your arrival?"
This race had its own language, but the short creature realized that Jiang Ziya and Luo Nian couldn't understand it. It had a set of human language!
Hearing his words, Jiang Ziya was surprised.
Although he already knew that the human language used in the Nirvana Realm was not invented by the 77th civilization, this was another world, and it was uncertain whether there were any humans in this world.
"Great Exalted God, I haven't used the common language for a long time. If I can't understand you, please forgive me …" The short creature saw that Jiang Ziya was in a daze and thought that Jiang Ziya couldn't understand it.
"Common language? Where did you learn it?" Jiang Ziya asked.
"The common language … It's a very ancient language. Once, all the creatures in the Dream Realm used the common language." A look of longing appeared on the short creature's face as he recalled the prosperous era. "Now, I'm the only one in the tribe who understands it.
Yes. "
The short creature's hair was sparse and his skin was wrinkled. He had lived in the Nirvana Realm for a long time.
"The meaning of the Dream Realm should be similar to our Paramita, right?" Luo Nian asked.
"I think so." Jiang Ziya nodded and asked, "What happened in the Dream World? Why did it become like this?"
The originally gentle and weak short creature began to reveal emotions of grief and indignation.
This short race used to be the Dark Demon Race that dominated the Dream Realm.
The Dream Realm was very, very big. It was a huge ring world. From the outside to the inside, there were a total of 15 rings. The stronger the race, the more qualified they were to enter the inner ring. The former headquarters of the Dark Demon Race was located within the fifth ring.
At that time, the short creature had just been born not long ago. He had imagined countless times that after he grew up, he would be like the other geniuses of the Dark Demon Clan. He would fight for his clan and bring the entire Dark Demon Clan to a higher level.
However, before he could become even stronger, a disaster had occurred.
A strange force that had been hiding in the Dreamrealm for many years suddenly started to clean up the Dreamrealm and even the poison world …
Later on, the Dream Realm was destroyed, and almost all of the intelligent beings in the Dream Realm were killed.
When the Dream Realm shattered, one of the fragments was ejected and trapped some of the clansmen, which was the island they were on now.
After staying on this island for so many years, it was crowded now. Every place on the island was occupied. That was why Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya could see these crowded buildings.
"Does that strange force have a name?" Jiang Ziya asked again.
"Yes, they call themselves Wu Kong!"
Even after so many years, the short creature would still gnash his teeth in anger when these two words were mentioned. After all, this race had destroyed their home, destroyed everything they had.
Hearing this, Jiang Ziya's face froze.
Although Luo Nian had never been to the Nirvana Realm, with the company of the Green Jade Spirit and Jiang Ziya, he had seen a lot. "The Wu Kong Clan also exists in this world?"
In Jiang Ziya's mind, the image of his Martial Uncle, the Prime Master, appeared.
After returning last time, Jiang Ziya talked with his master, the Primeval Lord of Heaven, and learned about the human race's situation.
Jiang Ziya was shocked when he found out that such a kind person like the Prime Master of Heaven had become the leader of the Wu Kong Clan.
The Wu Kong Clan appeared later and was only born in the 750th civilization. The Primeval Lord of Heaven and the others did not understand why this late civilization could advance by leaps and bounds.
Now, Jiang Ziya seemed to understand something.
The Wu Kong Clan was not something from the Chaotic World.
There might be something else behind the Prime Master of Heaven!
The short creature told Jiang Ziya everything he knew. Because he was a native of the Dreamrealm, he did not know much about the Poisonous World, so he only knew about the Dreamrealm.
Unfortunately, due to the limited knowledge of this short creature, he could not answer many of Jiang Ziya's questions.
After that, Jiang Ziya pointed to the distance and asked, "Do you want to go to the world over there?"
The short creature's eyes suddenly lit up. "Great God, can you send us there?"
No matter if it was the Dreamrealm or the Poisonous World, the creatures mainly relied on absorbing the poisonous fog to survive. Not only was this small island crowded, but the poisonous fog rarely drifted over.
It should be known that the other side of the island was covered in thick poisonous fog all year round. To the Dark Demon Clan, the poisonous fog was like a delicacy that they could see but could not eat.
Many of the younger generations of the Dark Demon Clan drooled over the poisonous fog all day long.
"Yes," Jiang Ziya said.
The short creature turned around and mumbled a few words to his clansmen.
The quiet island suddenly became even quieter.
After more than ten breaths of silence, the entire island suddenly let out an explosive shriek, and all the buildings on the island began to tremble.
"But there are many poisonous insects and creatures in that world. Are you not afraid?" Luo Nian asked.
"Those poisonous insects and creatures do not have intelligence, so their growth is limited. Our Dark Demon Clan is not to be trifled with," the short creature said proudly.
After that, Jiang Ziya shuttled back and forth between the island and the 'continent'. The pure energy flow was not small, so Jiang Ziya had to be careful as he escorted the Dark Demon Clan members over.
After working for two days, Jiang Ziya finally transported all the Dark Demon Clan members over.
The Dark Demon Clan members were desperately absorbing the poisonous fog, and their faces were filled with intoxication. Luo Nian shook his head.
After Jiang Ziya transported all the Dark Demon Clan members over, he said to Luo Nian, "Let's go. There is nothing else here."
A dead world indeed did not have much value. At least, it did not meet Jiang Ziya's expectations.
"Wait." The short creature came out again. "There is one more thing. I think Great God should know."
"What is it?" Jiang Ziya asked.
"Before the Dreamrealm was destroyed, I heard the elders of my clan secretly mention some things. I heard that the Dreamrealm was built by the Four Spirit Gates, and the human spirits of the Four Spirit Gates look exactly like Great God," the short creature said.
The spirit said.
"Four Spirit Gates..."

Chapter 3431
Most of the creatures in the Chaotic World believed in the existence of the Instant Civilization and thought that the Instant Civilization created the Chaotic World.
However, the Instant Civilization had always been elusive, and the clues they left behind were too few.
Even if there were, they were completely covered up by the Elemental Spirit Civilization.
After hearing the Four Spirits Sect, Jiang Ziya was naturally surprised. He quickly asked, "What's the deal with the Human Spirits? Tell me in detail. "
The short creature was startled by Jiang Ziya's sudden excitement. "I, I don't know much, but I know that the most powerful Deity warriors in the Dream Realm will be favored by the Four Spirit Gates because they are very outstanding and are qualified to fuse with even more powerful warriors.
A stronger bloodline … "
"A stronger bloodline." Jiang Ziya pondered for a moment. "Do the Deity Warriors you mentioned have to enter the Immortal Picture Scroll?"
Luo Nian already understood that the Deity Warriors should correspond to the Immortal Realm in the Nirvana Realm.
"Immortal Picture Scroll?" The short creature shook his head and said, "I don't know what the Immortal Picture Scroll is, but to become a Deity Warrior, you have to enter the Deity Picture Scroll. Only the most powerful Deity Warriors can see the Four Spirits Sect through the Deity Picture Scroll.
The Four Spirits of the Four Spirits are the Human Spirit, the Monkey Spirit, the Snake Spirit, and the Bird Spirit. "
Being a Deity Warrior had always been the short creature's dream, so he naturally remembered these things clearly.
"Senior Jiang Ziya, it seems that the Four Spirits Sect is most likely the Instant Civilization, right?" Luo Nian asked.
Jiang Ziya nodded. "It should be so, but our Chaotic World seems to be a little different. Why do the Four Spirits Sect meet the creatures in the Poisonous Fog World, but the Nirvana Realm of the Chaotic World has never seen them?"
Luo Nian was also very intelligent. Even though he had never been to the Nirvana Realm and had only learned about it from others, he could roughly guess what was going on. "There are two possibilities. The passage from the Xuanliang World to our Chaotic World is broken.
The people from the Four Spirits Sect can't come here. Second, the Poisonous Fog World existed much earlier than us. Later, the people from the Four Spirits Sect died, disappeared, or left, so the people in our Chaotic World can't see them! "
Jiang Ziya looked at Luo Nian with satisfaction. Although this kid always had some bad habits, he was much smarter than himself. During this period of contact, he had already regarded Luo Nian as his own son.
"Do you know how long this poisonous fog world has existed?" Jiang Ziya asked again.
The short creature revealed a perplexed expression and shook his head. "I don't remember. I only know that it was a very, very long time ago …"
Too much time had passed, and it was impossible for people to judge the length of time. This short creature didn't keep any records, so it was normal that he couldn't remember clearly. His answer was also within Jiang Ziya's expectation. However, he was unwilling to give up and asked again, "Is the Divine Painting also destroyed?"
？”
The short creature still shook his head …
When the Dream Realm was destroyed, he didn't have the ability to enter the Second Ring, nor did he see the so-called "Diagram of the Deity".
Jiang Ziya didn't ask any questions. Before he left, he helped the Dark Demon Clan kill all the poisonous creatures within a hundred mile radius. If there was any trouble in the future, the Dark Demon Clan would have to deal with it themselves.
The Dark Demon Clan was the last remnant of the Poison Fog World. It was unknown whether or not they would be able to flourish.
Then, Jiang Ziya continued to wander around the Dream Realm with Luo Nian for a while. He wanted to find traces of the Diagram of the Deity, but he still couldn't find any traces of the Diagram of the Deity.
In the process of searching for the Diagram of the Deity, they saw some other "broken islands". Jiang Ziya also went to check them one by one. Unfortunately, these islands were all empty, and he found nothing.
"Senior Jiang Ziya, just now the Dark Demon Clan member said that we had to go through the Diagram of the Deity to see the people of the Four Spirits Sect. Isn't the Diagram of the Deity a passage? What about the Immortal Painting? "Luo Nian asked.
Jiang Ziya glanced at Luo Nian. "In fact, this is also a speculation. The Immortal Painting itself is a passage to the Mysterious World."
"Senior Jiang Ziya, have you been to the end of this passage? Has anyone from our Chaotic World been there? "Luo Nian asked again.
"The end? No … Could it be! "
Jiang Ziya's pupils shrank slightly. Back then, he had only obtained the bloodline of the Inner Ring. Naturally, he couldn't set foot in the innermost layer.
However, he remembered that the innermost layer of the huge whirlpool was covered by a cloud of black fog!
"It seems that people from our Chaotic World can't do it." Luo Nian shrugged.
Jiang Ziya smiled helplessly. Of course, he understood what Luo Nian meant.
People like Jiang Ziya, Yuanshi Tianzun, and Mu Ling couldn't even enter the innermost room. How could they be qualified to see the people of the Four Spirits Sect?
After coming out of the poisonous fog world, Luo Nian temporarily sent Jiang Ziya back to the Jixu Space.
Although Jiang Ziya didn't ask for it, Luo Nian had secretly set a goal for himself. He wanted to try to find the window to another world.
He faintly felt that there were more than two such worlds in the Mysterious World.
…
Li Hu Province.
It was a small, remote province in the west of the Mother World.
This province was very primitive. It was filled with a large number of uncivilized creatures. Usually, there were very few intelligent creatures that stepped into this province.
"Whoosh …"
A strong gust of wind came down from the sky, blowing the messy forest all over the place.
After the black-faced monkeys were startled, they began to squeak in fear. They thought that the Wind Snake had come out to hunt.
While they were panicking, seven huge black shadows suddenly appeared in the sky. They were seven giant flying boats!
These seven giant flying boats flew at a very low altitude in order to not attract attention. But because of their large size and extremely fast speed, they naturally produced strong wind pressure. Wherever they passed, the ground would be plowed.
"Senior Gan, aren't you being too careful by taking a detour?" A Greater One Mountain expert asked.
It wouldn't take long for them to enter Li Mountain. As long as they entered Li Mountain, it would be much safer.
Any super force in the Mother World would have to consider carefully if they wanted to touch Li Mountain.
But Gan Gaohan changed his course and chose to take a detour, which greatly slowed down the migration speed of the people of the Heavenly Palace.
"Caution is the parent of safety," Gan Gaohan replied.
For several days and nights, his face was tense, and he didn't relax for a moment.
In fact, his reaction had already reached the limit. From closing the Immortal Painting to mobilizing the migration, and at the same time notifying Li Mountain to take a detour …
But for some reason, there was always some worry in the depths of his heart. Those bad premonitions rose and fell in his mind like weeds.
"Whoosh!"
"Senior Gan, we have reached the boundary wall of Li Hu Province," someone came to report.
There was an unshakable boundary wall between the provinces. The boundary wall would only release a passage if Sanskrit was released.
"Just go through, why do you have to report?" Gan Gaohan frowned.

Chapter 3432
Hearing this person's report, the experts of the Heavenly Palace were a little puzzled.
"Was the corresponding Sanskrit used wrongly?" Ning Xuyuan asked.
The man shook his head and said with certainty, "Impossible. I checked carefully. The Sanskrit on the flying boat can't be wrong."
"Maybe it was wrong when they entered the Sanskrit?" Gan Gaohan asked.
"Buzz!"
Accompanied by the spatial fluctuations, Lin Zhanting's figure appeared in front of everyone. Lin Zhanting said with a heavy expression, "That's impossible. If there's a problem with the Greater One Mountain's flying boat, it's impossible for our Taiyi Mountain's flying boat to have a problem at the same time.
Where's Taijin Mountain's flying boat? "
Just now, Taiyi Mountain and Taijin Mountain had both tried, but the two flying boats were blocked outside the crystal wall.
"Why did this happen?" A Heavenly Palace expert asked.
"There's only one possibility." Lin Zhanting raised his eyebrows. "Someone modified the Sanskrit used to pass through the boundary wall."
"How is this possible?"
"That's the boundary wall …"
"I've never heard of anyone who can modify this thing!"
The boundary wall was the boundary between the provinces, and it was also a unique product of the mother world.
Ordinary mortals, and even many True God Realm experts, basically did not have the ability to cross the many great realms, but for the experts of the major races, it was a piece of cake. After all, a long time ago, they had already modified all the Sanskrit in the boundary wall of the mother world.
They gathered the Sanskrit.
Whichever realm they wanted to go to, they only needed to show the corresponding Sanskrit.
"I'll go take a look!"
As soon as Gan Gaohan's voice fell, his figure disappeared. The next moment, he appeared in front of the boundary wall.
He stretched out his hand and gently hit the boundary wall. A Sanskrit appeared in the boundary wall, and Gan Gaohan also hit out a corresponding one.
"Buzz!"
Under the resonance of the two Sanskrit words, there was no reaction, and the boundary wall did not give a passage.
Ning Xuyuan, Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and the others also teleported over. After seeing Gan Gaohan's probing scene, their faces darkened.
There must be a demon behind this abnormality, especially at such a critical moment.
"Since we can't use normal methods to pass through, then let's blast it open," Lin Zhanting suddenly suggested.
Although the Li Hu Province was a small province, it was definitely not an easy task to break its boundary wall.
Normally, one would need to be at the Immortal Realm in order to tear open the realm wall of a prefecture.
Even though the Heaven Palace experts present weren't at the Undying Realm, they had fused with a Chaotic Origin Spirit and were Sacred Soul Realm experts. Hence, it wasn't hard for them to break through the Realm Wall.
Destroying the boundary wall was a taboo in the mother world. Although these crystal-like boundary walls would slowly recover after a few decades, no one would choose to break the boundary wall unless it was absolutely necessary.
"Then let's do it," Ning Xuyuan said decisively.
Desperate times call for desperate measures. As soon as he finished speaking, the Nirvana Token in Gan Gaohan, Hechi, Qiu Yinhe, and the others began to stir, accumulating power.
Just as they were about to shatter the boundary wall, the originally sparkling and translucent boundary wall suddenly flashed with a circle of light.
Buzz!
At that moment, the Boundary Wall of Li Hu State turned pitch-black. The Boundary Wall had changed color.
On the boundary wall that Gan Gaohan was facing, a huge figure was projected.
It was a human youth.
She had black hair, black eyes, and a very pretty face.
However, this pretty face revealed a gloomy and evil aura.
"Heh, you guys shouldn't be able to break through this wall," the black-haired youth said with a sinister smile.
His figure was very ethereal. It seemed as if he came from within the wall or from the horizon.
"Do it!" Gan Gaohan roared.
Ning Xuyuan, Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and the other Heaven Palace experts acted at once!
Even though they knew that the matter before them wasn't that simple, they were all people with strong wills. They could remain calm at this crucial moment.
No matter what, they had to break through the boundary wall first!
Hong hong hong hong hong hong …
Many sword lights blasted on the boundary wall, causing the surrounding space to fluctuate violently.
That black-haired youth simply pointed his finger, causing a stable diagram to appear in front of him. It also appeared on the inner layer of the boundary wall.
This diagram looked like a huge spider web. This spider web could evenly distribute the energy within a certain range across the boundary wall of Li Hu State.
In essence, this was also a method of energy transfer. It was also the ability of this black-haired youth.
The joint attack of six or seven Heaven Palace experts was equivalent to an all-out attack of an Immortal Realm expert. It should have been enough to blast a huge hole in the boundary wall.
But because of the existence of this "spider web," the boundary wall didn't move at all …
"Very weak," the black-haired youth said disdainfully. "This can't even test my strength."
After saying that, he disappeared into the boundary wall.
Then, a thin crack appeared directly above the boundary wall. Then, like two doors, it opened from within. Three huge flying ships slowly emerged from within.
The first flying ship was engraved with the two words "You Xiong". At the top of the flying ship was a man in luxurious clothes. It was the patriarch of the You Xiong Clan, Ji Xuanyuan.
Hong hong hong!
A grand aura was released with Ji Xuanyuan as the center.
This aura had a very strong penetrating power. Even though the seven huge flying ships of the Heaven Palace were protected by layers of formations, the disciples of the Heaven Palace were still suppressed by this aura.
"Whose aura is this? How can it be so powerful?"
"Are we in trouble?"
"I knew this trip wouldn't be so simple …"
The faces of the disciples of the Heaven Palace were very ugly.
In the center of the huge flying ship of the Greater One Mountain, there were three huge red crystals side by side. The red crystals contained the bodies of Donghuang Taiyi, Old Ying, and Luo Zheng.
This area in the center of the huge flying ship was very heavily guarded. Under the protection of layers of barriers, even a fly couldn't get in or out.
After Feng Ge escaped from the Soul City, he found that he had been taken onto the flying ship by his mother. After understanding that the Heaven Palace and Luo Zheng had undergone great changes, she was not in the mood to accept the baptism of the Soul City, even though she was not far from the Saint Soul Realm.
"If only Luo Zheng could wake up earlier …"
Through the red crystal, Feng Ge could see Luo Zheng's peaceful face, as if he was sleeping.
"Why don't you say that if only your father could escape?" Concubine Yan said with a smile.
Feng Ge thought for a moment, and said bluntly, "Even if my father escapes, he may not be able to protect the Greater One Heavenly Palace, but Luo Zheng can."
As the daughter of Donghuang, these words were a bit too much. After all, Donghuang was the helmsman of the Heaven Palace.
But what Feng Ge said was also the truth. The situation had developed to this point, and the Greater One Heavenly Palace couldn't rely on Donghuang and Old Ying alone.
Concubine Yan also knew her daughter's personality, so she just smiled helplessly. Just when she was about to speak, she and Feng Ge both sensed the vast and heavy aura outside the flying ship.
Concubine Yan frowned, stretched out her hand, and a crystal on the wall not far away emerged the image outside the flying ship.

Chapter 3433
All the Sacred Soul Realm experts in the Heaven Palace stood on the surface of the enormous flying ship.
When they realized that Ji Xuanyuan had personally come, despair was written all over their faces.
Gan Gaohan, Ning Xu Yuan, and the others felt their hearts sinking to the bottom …
The other party had three flying ships. The one in the middle had You Xiong, the one on the left had 'Shen Nong' inscribed on it, and the one on the right had 'Min Yue' inscribed on it. Most likely, Lie Shan Clan and Min Hu had come …
Ji Xuanyuan looked down at the flying ship below. He lightly shook his sleeves, "Go on. I know you can't wait any longer."
A thin and weak figure jumped out from the flying ship behind him. He was none other than that black-haired young man, Gui Qing.
Gui Qing's eyes were faintly flashing with madness. At the moment he jumped off the flying ship, he charged towards the enormous flying ship like an arrow leaving the bow.
'I will tear this ship apart!'
Gui Qing's heart pounded violently. There was a strange excitement on his face.
Even though Gui Qing could kill wantonly previously, those who were killed were all carefully selected by the Ji Clan. After killing to a certain extent, they would be forced into a deep sleep. It was not interesting at all.
Only at this moment did he truly go all out!
He directly charged towards the enormous flying ship because he could feel the aura of many living people within. Hence, tearing apart this flying ship would be the most efficient method.
"You dare!"
Gan Gaohan's expression sank slightly. It was as if he was bathed in frost.
His right hand shook violently, causing a bloody mist to burst out from his right arm. The bloody mist rapidly condensed into a sword.
"God Buckle Sword, die!"
"Weng!"
This sword was like lightning. It arced through a dog-tooth path towards Gui Qing.
"Pu!"
Gui Qing seemed to only have that enormous flying ship in his eyes. Facing Gan Gaohan's full-powered sword, he did not dodge at all. Instead, he used his fleshy body to receive this attack.
The powerful sword light left behind a trace on Gui Qing's body. But this trace only lasted for a few breaths of time before disappearing.
'This young man isn't at the Chaotic Origin Realm?'
'Yet he can receive my full-powered attack?'
'How is this possible!'
Gan Gaohan's eyes were filled with disbelief.
If the black-haired young man was at the Chaotic Origin Realm, it was understandable that he could block this sword. But he wasn't! The sword light had clearly left behind a trace.
How could those who weren't at the Chaotic Origin Realm receive a strike from him?
He suddenly felt that the world was getting crazier and crazier. Some of the youths that appeared out of nowhere seemed to be completely beyond his expectations and imagination, such as Luo Zheng and the black-haired youth in front of him.
"Stop him!"
The three Evil Eyes on Ning Xu Yuan's body had already floated out, shooting out countless sharp swords from them.
"Da da da …"
Those sharp swords pierced the black-haired youth's body, but the effect was exactly the same as what Gan Gaohan had done. The sharp swords were able to leave scars on his body, but these scars were shallow and small, and healed in an instant …
"Don't even think about passing!"
"Die!"
"Stop!"
Lin Zhanting, Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and the others also made their moves. They had all achieved their goals. Their powerful power poured down on the young man, but the result was the same. They couldn't stop the young man at all.
"Boom!"
Boom!
Very quickly, Gui Qing had already ruthlessly smashed into the side of the giant flying boat.
The entire flying boat trembled violently. The Heaven Palace disciples within the flying boat were also thrown off balance by the tilting of the flying boat.
The golden light on the surface of the flying boat exploded. The seals on the surface were directly destroyed. At the same time, a huge crack started extending along the flying boat. When the crack was torn apart, a huge cracking sound could be heard.
"Ka!"
Light shone through the crack into the cabin. Within the cabin, many pale faces could be seen. These Heaven Palace disciples thought that the flying boat was temporarily safe. Who would have thought that the flying boat would be torn apart so quickly.
Through the crack, they could see that the person outside the flying boat was just a teenager …
Facing this young man, none of the Heaven Palace disciples dared to charge forward!
Just as everyone was retreating, a nimble figure had already charged towards the crack.
Li Bianxue's long legs lightly tapped on the ground. Every time they touched the ground, they would leave behind a valiant afterimage. She approached Gui Qing from the side. Raising her long sword, she lightly shook her right hand at the same time.
"Heavy Cold Chain!"
A chain wrapped around Gui Qing's body at lightning speed.
"Weng!"
After this chain wrapped around him, it turned into a mark on Gui Qing's neck.
"Get out!"
Li Bianxue shouted. She slashed out with her sword, exploding towards Gui Qing.
This sword had the strength of 18,000 Divine Jun!
Gui Qing stared at Li Bianxue's handsome, oval-shaped face. The excitement in his eyes became even more intense. Without any hesitation, he reached out to grab Li Bianxue's sword. He was actually trying to grab it with his bare hands.
Ten thousand Divine Jun of strength was indeed not enough for him …
He had been baptized by Gan Gaohan and the other Heaven Palace cultivators, but he was completely unharmed.
However, when Gui Qing touched Li Bianxue's sword, his expression changed slightly.
The strength of the Divine Jun within the sword suddenly increased by three times. It had the strength of 54,000 Divine Jun!
With Gui Qing's abilities, let alone 54,000 Divine Jun, even if it increased by ten times, he would still be able to block it!
However, he did not understand the Heavy Cold Chain's abilities. As the person being bound, all of Li Bianxue's attacks would be multiplied by three times. This sudden increase in strength caught him off guard.
"Boom!"
The sword directly hit Gui Qing, sending him flying out of the crack!
"Senior Sister is so strong!"
"She sent this person flying with one sword. As expected of a Saint Soul Realm cultivator!"
"Junior Sister Bianxue has always been in the Land of Sword Grief …"
When the disciples of the Heavenly Palace in the cabin saw this scene, they immediately became excited and praised Li Bianxue.
Li Bianxue held her sword. Her forehead was furrowed. She did not look relaxed at all. She had used almost all of her strength to attack, but the black-haired youth was completely unharmed?
She naturally did not see Gui Qing being chased by Gan Gaohan and the others …
While everyone was still praising her, two more explosions came from the ship.
"Kuang, kuang!"
The first sound came from the ship's hull, while the second sound came from the deck. In the next moment, Gui Qing appeared in the ship's cabin.
He rubbed his chin and stared at Li Bianxue with a playful smile. He chuckled and said, "I won't kill you now. I'll first destroy this place and then play with you …"
"You dare!"
Even in the face of an existence she could not defeat, Li Bianxue was not afraid at all. She cultivated the sword wholeheartedly. She was originally an extremely pure Heaven Palace disciple. It was because of this purity that she was able to become so powerful.
A long sword followed behind Gui Qing like a shadow.
"Hua hua hua hua hua …"
Li Bianxue's sword light slammed into Gui Qing's body like a stream of water.
Gui Qing withstood the attacks with his physical body as he continuously retreated.
But as he retreated, his hands constantly flipped and formed all kinds of strange hand seals, and each hand seal left a strange seal in the air.
He retreated from the leftmost side of the cabin to the rightmost side. Li Bianxue slashed at him thirty to forty times.
Li Bianxue used all of her strength in each attack, but she was unable to harm the black-haired youth …
"Have you slashed enough? If you have, then move aside. This path … is very dangerous! "
Gui Qing gestured. This was the path he had retreated along.
Saying this, he formed another seal with his hands. The seals he had left behind along the way lit up. At the same time, a huge blade appeared.
The blade formed from space instantly unfurled.
"Cha!"

Chapter 3434
The invisible space blade continued to expand in all directions after cutting the giant airship apart.
Thousands of feet in the air, a row of tiger-headed geese flew in the sky. The one in the middle suddenly screamed and was cut in half.
The other tiger-headed geese had no idea what was going on. They only let out strange cries and scattered.
A straight and neat slit was cut in the ground below the airship. This slit extended to the north and south, all the way to the boundary wall on both sides of Li Hu Province before stopping.
Along the way, countless plants and creatures were sliced apart by this spatial blade …
The bottom of the airship was made of a floating stone, so even after being cut in half, it did not fall.
However, the three red crystals stored below the flying boat were directly exposed.
Feng Ge, Concubine Yan, and the others were still guarding the red crystals. They looked at the broken section of the airship with gloomy faces. They only heard a muffled sound from the airship and it became like this.
The red crystals shone brightly under the sun and attracted Gui Qing's attention. He stared at the body in the red crystals and smiled contemptuously.
It was too easy …
The Heavenly Palace did not even have an Immortal Realm cultivator. They were all trash. How could they be qualified to be called a superpower?
"Whoosh!"
He suddenly turned his body and shot toward the red crystals in a parabola.
"Mother," Feng Ge took a step back and called out worriedly.
"Step back. I won't let him pass," Concubine Yan ordered.
Traces of Golden Crow Divine Fire burned along her skin. She was obviously going to enter battle mode.
"Mother, can you stop him alone …" Feng Ge did not think that Concubine Yan could stop the black-haired young man.
"She's not alone!"
Suddenly, dozens of figures floated over from the end of the cabin. Pairs of wings rose up like flags and converged towards the two sides. The one who spoke was Phoenix Maiden, and the ones who came were from the Golden Crow Tribe.
Taiyi Heavenly Palace was migrating. The Divine Soul Realm Jinwu people naturally followed along.
But the identity of the Jinwu people was more sensitive. Even when they were at Taiyi Mountain, they made other arrangements and did not go out. Now that they were migrating with the Heavenly Palace, they were arranged to stay at the bottom of the cabin.
Now that the airship was cut in half, the Jinwu people naturally could not hold back.
"Whoosh, whoosh!"
Seeing Gui Qing's ferocious momentum, Ming Shi and Bai Hu went up to meet him.
In Jinwu, these two people's strength was comparable to Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan. They were Di Jun's left and right.
"Pow, pow!"
The moment the two of them approached Gui Qing, they simultaneously struck out with their palms. The combined might of their attacks was not to be underestimated, and they sent Gui Qing flying.
The half of the flying boat that had lost its power in the air also slowly rotated in the air due to the recoil force of the two palms.
"Quickly move the crystal away!" Ming Shi said.
The Golden Crow Clan was not worried about the safety of Donghuang and Old Ying, but they had to protect Luo Zheng.
Concubine Yan did not hesitate. She carried the red crystal with Donghuang on her shoulder.
Phoenix spread her wings and lifted the crystal with Luo Zheng. Bai Hu gently lifted the red crystal with Elder Gall.
"Buzz …"
The moment they lifted the crystal, the three of them were about to open a space passage and move away.
But then, Gui Qing's voice came from not far away. "Don't even think about leaving."
A transparent long sword appeared in his hand. The long sword seemed to be a transparent space. He shook the transparent long sword gently.
"Clang, clang, clang!"
Three collapsing sounds came from beside the three of them. The space passage built by Phoenix, Concubine Yan, and Bai Hu collapsed in an instant!
At the same time, Gui Qing held the long sword and slashed at the crowd.
"Whoosh! Whoosh! "
Two visible space waves spread toward Feng Ge, Concubine Yan, and the others.
These space waves were exactly the same as the previous invisible space blade. They kept expanding forward and cut everything in their path!
"Dodge!"
Concubine Yan, Feng Ge, and the people of Jinwu scattered.
"Cha!"
The flying boat that was left with half was cut into two again.
"It won't be fun if I let you go so easily!"
Gui Qing was getting more and more excited. He flew up and waved the transparent long sword in his hand wildly.
Every time he waved the sword, an invisible blade spread out. The invisible blade would keep moving forward until it reached the end of the state.
If one looked down from a high altitude, they would see thin lines on the ground. Anything that blocked the path of the thin lines would be cut into pieces mercilessly.
Although the invisible blade was powerful, it was not fast. At least Concubine Yan and the people of Jinwu could still dodge it.
However, it was difficult for the giant flying boat of Qishan to avoid the messy blade. They could not escape the fate of being cut into pieces. Many disciples of the Heavenly Palace in the flying boat were also cut in half by the invisible blade.
The Saint Soul experts of You Xiong, Shennong, and Min Yue swarmed out to meet the experts of the Heavenly Palace who had escaped from the flying boat …
In just half an hour, the scene became brutal and chaotic. The smell of blood began to spread in all directions.
…
On the top of the flying boat of the You Xiong Clan, Ji Xuanyuan kept looking up at the sky. He was like a statue made of molten iron. He did not even look at the situation below, as if it had nothing to do with him.
Even though Luo Zheng, who was sealed in the red crystal, could be easily obtained, Ji Xuanyuan did not make a move.
A few small black spots floated in the sky three hundred thousand feet above the ground.
If one looked closer, one would realize that these black spots were black boats.
When he received Genryū's order, Ji Xuanyuan knew that this was not going to be easy …
A broken Heavenly Palace was not within Ji Xuanyuan's calculations. He did not need the You Xiong, Shennong, and Min Yue clans to come out. He was going to face a more troublesome opponent.
Three hundred thousand feet above the ground, twelve people stood on the side of the black boat.
Normally, there would be thirteen people on the black boat. The remaining position was originally reserved for the Evil Deities. However, after being reconstructed, he was left on the other side. He could not come out before the Arrival. Naturally, the thirteenth position was empty.
"That guy down there should be Green Ghost," Ear-Mouse said in a shrill voice.
"Humph, he has been resurrected in such a short time. I really want to go down and crush him. Boss, when should we do it?" Copper Man touched his nose. He did not like that guy before.
The voice of the boss came from the black cloak. "Don't rush. Not everyone is here yet. We will be at a disadvantage if we do it now."
"Until when?" Copper Man asked.

Chapter 3435
Although the Heavenly Palace's migration was fast, it was still a huge project.
In fact, spies had been reporting to the black ship and You Xiong Family along the way of the seven flying ships to the west.
The You Xiong Clan and the Black Ship both received orders from the Wu Kong Clan and Genryū. Their goal was simple, to control Luo Zheng at all costs.
Gan Gao Han was also in Ping Yi Tian, asking for help from Li Mountain.
In fact, when the Heavenly Palace arrived at the North Yuan State, Li Mountain, You Xiong, and the Black Ship had already appeared and noticed each other.
But at that time, Li Mountain wasn't in a hurry, it was Ji Xuanyuan and the boatman who were in a hurry.
Of course, they didn't want the Heavenly Palace's flying ships to enter Li Mountain, but Ji Xuanyuan and the boatman were both calculative people, neither of them wanted to make the first move.
The mantis stalks the cicada, unaware of the oriole behind, everyone wanted to be the oriole.
The boatman was very calm, he led his Black Ship fleet to follow slowly in the sky, neither too fast nor too slow.
But the You Xiong Clan was in a hurry …
Ji Xuanyuan didn't want to be the first to make the first move, so he sent out "Gui Qing" to block their way in Li Hu State.
As for Ji Xuanyuan himself, Shennong, and Min Hu, they all stayed in their respective flying ships, waiting for orders.
If Gui Qing kept killing like this, Li Mountain would be in a hurry.
So, the boatman was very sure that Fuxi would make the first move.
"Shen Tu, what happened?" the boatman asked.
Shen Tu sat on the side of the ship, her long legs as smooth as porcelain hanging in the air, her black dress fluttering in the wind. She looked down with a hint of tiredness in her eyes.
She kept staring at Gui Qing, watching as the blades moved in all directions and turned into disorderly lines.
"You don't have any fantasies about Gui Qing, do you?" The bandaged man asked. They all knew that Shen Tu was very infatuated with Gui Qing back then.
Shen Tu said indifferently, "This Gui Qing is a new resentment incarnation, he's another person."
"Not necessarily," the boatman shook his head, "In fact, he's still the same Gui Qing, he just lacks the memories of the past."
Shen Tu glanced at the boatman.
Since the captain had deliberately mentioned this matter, he probably wanted to say more than that.
"As the embodiment of resentment, Gui Qing is actually uncontrollable. In fact, what Ji Xuanyuan did was just a repetition of what we did in the past."
"Sooner or later, they'll be devoured by Qing Gui," Shen Tu said indifferently.
"Maybe there won't be any backlash," the boatman shook his head again.
"Why?" Shen Tu asked, puzzled.
"Sect Leader His Excellency said that the goal of this trip is not only to take away Luo Zheng, but also to devour Gui Qing," said the captain.
"Devouring Green Ghost? Who will devour it? "
As soon as this was said, the crew of the black ship were a little confused.
"The Evil Deities," said the boatman calmly.
"Him? Didn't that kid enter the Paramita Realm? "The bronze man asked in a low, muffled voice.
"We can descend," the shipmaster said.
"Descend on that brat? Isn't it too … "
Descending from the Paramita Realm would consume that Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit. Every single Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit was incomparably precious.
There were so many powerful existences in the Wu Kong Clan that needed to descend. It was impossible for the Evil Deities to descend. He had not even stepped into the Undying Painting.
"If he could really fuse with Gui Qing, it would naturally be worth it," said the boatman calmly.
"But his essence is no different from Gui Qing. He can be used when he is weak, but once he becomes strong, we might not be able to control him." Shen Tu's eyes flashed.
The boatman shrugged, "Who knows what Sect Leader His Excellency is planning. Let's just do as he says …" At this moment, the boatman seemed to have sensed something. He chuckled, "Fuxi can no longer hold back."
Gui Qing's destructive power was simply too strong.
That unseen blade radiated out from the cracks in the ground, seemingly cutting the entire Li Hu State into pieces.
Those at the Sacred Soul Realm and Chaotic Origin Realm could easily avoid it.
But this time, during the great migration of the Heaven Palace, there were quite a number of disciples in the seven flying ships. Many disciples did not even know what was happening before they were cut into two.
Even though the majority of the Heaven Palace disciples had scattered in all directions, those unseen blades pierced through the entire Li Hu State. They could not avoid them at all. If they were careless, they would lose their limbs or even be cut into two.
Fuxi was also from the Human Race. Naturally, he could not allow this to continue.
Just as Gui Qing was wantonly slaughtering, an enormous Eight Trigrams imprint appeared on the Realm Wall. And there was another Eight Trigrams imprint right in front of Gui Qing.
When Gui Qing saw the Eight Trigrams imprint on his chest, he was slightly stunned.
Following that, he felt a terrifying ripple coming from behind him. A huge hole appeared on the firm Realm Wall.
That terrifying ripple did not stop after piercing through the Realm Wall. Instead, it bloomed on his chest.
"Hong!"
That was a power Gui Qing had never experienced before.
He felt his chest exploding. That irresistible force pressed him down to the ground.
Just the aftermath of the collision caused the ground to collapse, and he even created a huge crater in the ground.
Even though the pit was already several hundred meters deep, the remaining force was still pressing him down. Black soil covered his head, and he didn't know where he had sunk to.
However, before the force dissipated, another force lifted him up.
When Gui Qing emerged from the thick layer of soil, he saw a black-haired man in front of him. This man's unique spiritual aura made Gui Qing feel uneasy.
From the moment he was born, Gui Qing had never feared anyone. It could even be said that he did not know what fear was.
Even when he faced Ji Xuanyuan, he was not afraid at all.
However, this black-haired man in front of him made him feel fear.
"Do you think no one can deal with you?" Fuxi glanced at Gui Qing.
"You think you can …"
Gui Qing was just about to speak when an Eight Trigrams imprint appeared on his face.
"Hong!"
If this punch landed on his face, even an Immortal Realm expert would die.
However, since Gui Qing was formed by the resentment of the Mother World, he was one with this world.
Although he was still very weak now, he could easily control a state!
This force had been completely transferred to the Realm Wall …
"Hong! Ka ka ka ka … "
A huge hole appeared on the Realm Wall in the distance. At the same time, it was accompanied by a series of fine cracks. This was the damage caused by Fuxi's punch.
"You can transfer your power without limit?" Fuxi asked.
"Hmph." Gui Qing sneered. "What are you going to do about it?"
"Let's see if you can last until I completely destroy the Realm Wall in Li Hu State." Fuxi clenched his fist as he spoke.
At the same time, Eight Trigrams imprints appeared on Gui Qing's body.
His face, chest, legs, abdomen …
"What are you thinking?" Gui Qing's eyes were filled with fear.
"I'm going to hit you!"

Chapter 3436
The current Gui Qing was not fully grown yet, so there was still a gap between him and his past self.
No one could be sure how strong a fully grown Gui Qing would be.
The leaders of the superpowers speculated that Gui Qing might be able to control the mother world. His potential was too strong. If he was allowed to grow, the consequences would be dire.
When Gui Qing betrayed the black ship, the ship's boss was troubled. The other superpowers were happy to see that. After all, the black ship was hated by everyone in the mother world.
However, when they thought of Gui Qing's almost unlimited growth, the superpowers began to cooperate with the black ship and finally took him down.
Even though Gui Qing was not fully grown, he was already very strong.
Fuxi's strength was terrifying. After being marked by the Eight Trigrams Seal, his punches had terrifying penetrative power and were almost unavoidable.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom …
Gui Qing was an immovable target in front of Fuxi.
He could not kill the invisible blade now, which finally gave the disciples of the Heavenly Palace a chance to catch their breath.
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace either stood on the ground or floated in the air. Their hearts were beating wildly as they watched Gui Qing being beaten up by countless punches.
Even an Immortal Realm expert would be beaten to a pulp by such punches.
However, Gui Qing was still the same?
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace did not understand, but the experts of the Heavenly Palace understood.
As soon as Gui Qing entered the Li Hu State, his original body was already attached to this large state. Naturally, all the damage he received was transferred to it.
Every time Fuxi threw a punch, a huge hole would appear in the indestructible realm wall of the Li Hu State.
Li Hu State's boundary was a circle around the entire state. The boundary was big, but when the holes were smashed into it, the boundary would not be able to withstand the damage for a long time.
Gui Qing could not transfer the power he received at will. After all, he was only the embodiment of the resentment of the mother world. If the realm wall collapsed completely, he would die without a doubt.
The last Gui Qing was killed in this way.
At that time, the Boundless State was twelve times bigger than the Lihu State. However, Gui Qing was fixed in the center of the Boundless State by the Heart Energy Cross, a Nirvana Token. He was beaten up by a few Immortal Realm masters. In the end, the boundary wall of the Boundless State collapsed.
The realm wall finally collapsed and Gui Qing was smashed to death.
Fuxi was using the same trick now.
If you, Ji Xuanyuan, Shennong, and Min Hu won't make a move, then I'll kill Gui Qing.
It wasn't that Fuxi wasn't good at scheming, but he preferred to use brute force to break through, which was simple and direct.
Because of Fuxi's intervention, all the other battles were put on hold.
Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and the others were overjoyed to see Fuxi.
In the situation where Luo Zheng was unable to awaken, the only backer of Greater One Sky Palace was Li Shan. Although the seven airships had been destroyed and the disciples of the Sky Palace had suffered many casualties, it was still not too late for Fuxi to appear.
The You Xiong Family Saint Soul Stage Saint Soul Stage Saint Soul Stage Saint Soul Stage Saint Soul Stage Saint Soul Stage Saint Soul Stage Saint Soul Stage Saint Soul Stage Saint Soul Stage Saint Soul Stage Saint Soul Stage Saint Soul Stage
Ji Xuanyuan stood at the top of the flying boat without saying a word.
From time to time, he would hear the rumbling of the realm barrier shattering. It was as if Gui Qing was begging for mercy, constantly reminding him that Gui Qing was being beaten.
"If this continues, he'll be beaten to death." A sound transmission quietly entered Ji Xuanyuan's ears. The owner of the voice was Shennong of Lie Shan.
Ji Xuanyuan narrowed his eyes and finally said to Fuxi, "Huang Xi, this person is a member of my Ji Family. Can you go easy on him?"
"Whoosh —"
Fuxi's punch suddenly stopped, but the power contained in that punch still detonated the eight trigrams on Gui Qing's body.
"Bang, boom!"
Gui Qing was fine, but another huge hole appeared in the realm barrier.
Several holes were connected to each other, and this piece of the realm wall directly collapsed.
Fuxi looked up and sneered, "Your Ji Family dared to slaughter the disciples of the Sky Palace, and you expect me to go easy on you?"
"Greater One Sky Palace offended my You Xiong Clan. As the patriarch, I should punish them. There's nothing wrong with this person acting on my behalf. But Huang Xi, you don't seem to have the right to act, do you?" Ji Xuanyuan asked calmly.
Although the situation in the mother world had been very tense recently, these super forces hadn't completely fallen out with each other.
At least, You Xiong Clan hadn't declared war on Li Mountain, so Fuxi acted without reason.
Fuxi's face was full of disdain, "Di Hong, we've already come to this, and you still want to talk big? From now on, the people of the Sky Palace belong to my Li Mountain. If anyone dares to touch the disciples of the Sky Palace, I'll smash them into pieces! Understood?
Is that so? "
Hearing Fuxi's words, the disciples of the Sky Palace were all touched.
The Human Emperor had always been seen as the most powerful being of the human race, and now he was determined to protect them.
"You want to declare war on my You Xiong Clan?" A vein bulged on Ji Xuanyuan's forehead, and there was a trace of uncontrollable anger in his eyes.
As the Human Emperor of the You Xiong Clan, he couldn't hold himself back after being humiliated by Fuxi like this.
Fuxi looked at Ji Xuanyuan silently, then chuckled, "You came all the way here just to enjoy the scenery, right?"
In fact, the super forces knew very well that the mother world was already in danger. Today, it would probably explode completely.
"If that's the case, then I'm afraid I'll have to experience it …"
Ji Xuanyuan's finger gently touched his chest, and the golden silk robe flew away with the wind, replaced by a tight black armor.
Fuxi was famous. Just the two words "Human Emperor" alone were enough to make him the most powerful person of the human race.
However, after the You Xiong Clan became so powerful, the real power of Di Hong Clan's Ji Xuanyuan became mysterious. Some people even concluded that Ji Xuanyuan's power was above Fuxi's.
Ji Xuanyuan opened his palm in the air, and there was a crack in his palm. Blood spurted out from the crack, and it quickly turned into a simple three-foot long sword.
That was Ji Xuanyuan's Origin Sword, and it was called the Xuanyuan Sword.
Although Ji Xuanyuan and Fuxi belonged to different super forces, they had interacted many times over the years.
He knew Fuxi's personality well. Once he chose a path, he would never show mercy.
Therefore, Ji Xuanyuan had to give it his all!
"I'll stall Fuxi. Min Hu, you go stop the ship captain. Lie Shan, you take Luo Zheng away." Ji Xuanyuan sent a message.
Actually, before they left, Ji Xuanyuan had other goals, such as killing Emperor Donghuang and Elder Ying …
But now, the three forces were entangled, and the situation was too complicated. Ji Xuanyuan was forced to fight, and he lost his mind.
"What about Nuwa?" Min Hu asked.
Everyone was afraid of Fuxi's terrifying power, but they were more afraid of Nuwa's intelligence.

Chapter 3437
A hint of fear appeared in the depths of Ji Xuanyuan's eyes.
As long as Nuwa didn't make a move, she would be a huge threat to them.
"If the Kurofune wants to mess things up, then everything will change. We can only take one step at a time," Ji Xuanyuan said.
If possible, Ji Xuanyuan would naturally want to plan things out carefully, but the situation didn't allow for it.
"Let's do it …"
Ji Xuanyuan raised the Xuanyuan Sword in his hand, and a brilliant golden light bloomed.
This sword light seemed to contain a Holy Dao. It was as if the entire world would follow this sword.
"Is our choice worth it?" Shinno asked from within the airship.
Shinno was still somewhat uneasy. Reason told him that standing on the opposite side of Li Shan might be a mistake.
"Fate's gift has a price. Perhaps it's time for us to pay it back …" Ji Xuanyuan said as he lightly leapt into the air.
Golden light swirled around the Xuanyuan Sword. It was as if he were holding a torch, and also his Holy Dao.
Following Di Jun's death, Ji Xuanyuan, Shinno, Min Hu, and the other Immortal realm experts were all shaken. They began to doubt the path they had chosen.
At this point, there was no point in doubting it. They were destined to never be able to leave Genryū. Moreover, they had placed all their bets on Genryū a long time ago.
Genryū's support and help had not come without compensation. Now was the time for them to pay the price.
Whoosh!
The ring of golden light soared into the sky and poured down.
It was as if he had pierced a hole in the sun, and flames flowed down from the sun.
However, these were not flames. This was the Holy Dao. It was Ji Xuanyuan's personal enlightenment!
"Come!"
The lines on Fuxi's face brightened.
He felt as if ants were crawling all over his body.
This was a tremor caused by excessive excitement. He hadn't encountered an opponent of this level in a long time …
As the golden Holy Dao poured down, it contained an unquestionable aura.
The weak-minded disciples of the Heavenly Palace bent their legs and knelt down toward the Holy Dao.
Even those with stronger minds, such as Li Biexue, had to expend a great deal of mental energy to resist.
Buzz!
An eight trigram mark suddenly appeared on the golden Holy Dao.
Fuxi immediately unleashed a punch toward the eight trigram mark!
Boom!
This almost indestructible Holy Path, where thousands of gods came to pay homage to him, was shattered by Fuxi's punch.
"Hu!"
Fuxi disappeared the moment he shattered the Divine Path.
In the next moment, he appeared behind Ji Xuanyuan, and an Eight Trigrams Seal appeared behind Ji Xuanyuan.
"You've been an eyesore for a long time!" Fuxi said as he prepared to throw a punch.
As long as the Eight Trigrams mark remained, the punch would definitely hit.
In this world, there were very few people who could execute Fuxi's punch.
Ji Xuanyuan, who had turned around, did not choose to flee. He swung his sword backwards, and the Xuanyuan Sword had already blocked the path of Fuxi's fist!
Fuxi's punch wouldn't make Ji Xuanyuan feel good, but the Xuanyuan Sword pierced Fuxi's fist, which was enough to temporarily cripple one of his arms. They were forced to restrain each other.
Fuxi frowned. He lowered his shoulders and avoided Ji Xuanyuan's punch. Ji Xuanyuan's sword was about to strike again.
However, the Xuanyuan Sword drew a circle and still blocked the path of Fuxi's punch!
The two of them tried several times. It was like a finger-guessing game. It looked strange and absurd, but in fact, it was full of danger.
Fuxi was still a hot-tempered person. He retreated a few hundred meters and was about to throw another punch. Ji Xuanyuan smiled faintly and said, "It's too late."
Clang!
The Eight Trigrams mark behind Ji Xuanyuan suddenly exploded.
The Eight Trigrams mark would last for a period of time. If Fuxi didn't trigger it, it would explode on its own.
The power of the explosion was not small, but it was meaningless against an existence like Ji Xuanyuan.
Fuxi looked at Ji Xuanyuan expressionlessly and arrogantly. "After so many years, you still haven't made any progress."
"But it's enough to beat you!"
The Xuanyuan Sword was held horizontally in front of Ji Xuanyuan. As the golden light bloomed again, the two peak experts of the Origin World fought fiercely again.
The moment Ji Xuanyuan made his move, Shinno had already taken a step forward in the air. After crossing through space, he directly arrived beside Phoenix Girl and placed his hand on the red crystal.
Fuxi knew very well that there would be others targeting Luo Zheng. However, even he had to go all out when facing Ji Xuanyuan. The slightest distraction would cause him to lose. Therefore, he couldn't protect Luo Zheng.
Shinno stared at Phoenix and said, "Let him go, and I won't kill you."
Phoenix was no stranger to this old man in front of her.
When she followed Di Jun, she had crossed paths with Shinno several times. They could be considered familiar.
"Forgive me for not being able to comply," Phoenix said seriously.
"Then … even if Di Jun is still alive, you can't blame me." Shinno's elbow shook slightly, and a jade ruler popped out from his arm.
The Shennong Ruler was Shinno's natal weapon. It could kill or save people.
With a slight shake of the ruler, it struck towards Phoenix.
At this moment, Shennong Ruler was obviously going to kill someone. The long ruler carried a fishy smell with it. If a weaker expert inhaled it, their flesh would rot and they would turn into bones.
Facing an expert of the Immortal Realm who was even stronger than Di Jun, Phoenix didn't have a good way to fight back.
She lowered her body slightly, avoided Shennong Ruler, and circled behind the crystal.
Shinno still held back against Phoenix because of their old friendship. Otherwise, if he used all his strength, he would definitely be able to take Phoenix's life.
However, after Phoenix dodged along the red crystal, the raging Golden Crow Fire attacked Shinno along the red crystal and surrounded him in an instant.
"Feng!"
The Golden Crow God Fire could not destroy Shinno's Chaotic Origin Spirit. Nevertheless, Shinno revealed a furious look, "You are truly seeking death!"
The center of the Shennong Ruler in his hand flashed with a dense green light. This green light drilled out from the ruler and transformed into a thumb-sized green hummingbird.
The green hummingbird devoured the Golden Crow Fire on the surface of Shinno's body. Following which, it charged towards Phoenix at an unfathomable speed.
"Venomous Candle Candle Hummingbird …"
Phoenix was experienced and knowledgeable. She knew how powerful this sacred art of Shinno's was.
If she didn't retreat now, she would definitely die in the hands of this little hummingbird.
"Sou!"
At this moment, Phoenix decisively let go. She drilled into the spatial passage and appeared several hundred meters away.
That pair of thin eyebrows were furrowed. Her beautiful eyes were filled with unwillingness.
The gap in strength was too huge …
She wasn't Shinno's opponent at all.
Just as Shinno was about to leave with the red crystal, a lump of black smoke suddenly appeared on the surface of the red crystal.
This black smoke had a unique characteristic. It actually drilled a portion of it into the red crystal.
"Filthy Smoke?"
Phoenix was slightly surprised when she saw this black smoke.
Anything that came into contact with the Filthy Smoke would be unable to teleport.
More than half of Shinno's body had already drilled into the spatial passage. He did not know what was happening outside. When he tried to stuff the red crystal into the passage, he discovered that this plaything could not be stuffed in at all.
Helpless, Shinno could only leave the spatial passage to investigate. Only then did he discover an Eared Mouse holding a smoking pipe and spitting out black smoke.

Chapter 3438
According to Shinno's plan, he wanted to leave with the red crystal as soon as possible.
If the captain tried to stop him, he would release a Space Snake.
The Space Snake was an almost extinct species in Sanqing Heaven. It lived in the Void Society, and there were only three left. One of them was in Shinno's hands.
Of course, Shinno was able to obtain the Space Snake because of Genryū's gift.
The Space Snake could temporarily change the shape of the Space Tunnel, ensuring that no one other than itself could enter the Space Tunnel.
As long as the ship captain couldn't break his space tunnel, he would be able to escape with Luo Zheng. Everything would be logical.
However, before he could drag Luo Zheng into the Space Tunnel, the red crystal was permeated with filthy smoke. Shinno's expression was extremely cold.
He wasn't weaker than Ji Xuanyuan, but Shinno was gentle and didn't like to fight. In the Mother World, he rarely saw Shinno in action.
"How dare you touch my things." Shinno's eyes were filled with anger. He held the red crystal in one hand and Shinno's ruler in the other and rushed toward Ling Wu.
Ling Wu remained calm in the face of an Immortal Realm expert.
Seeing Shinno approaching at an extremely fast speed, Ling Wu took a deep puff from his pipe.
"Bang!"
Before he could spit out the smoke, Shinno's ruler struck Ling Wu's head.
An Immortal Realm expert's attack was enough to kill a Saint Soul Realm expert.
However, the moment the ruler struck, it easily split open Ling Wu's head. His body seemed to be roasted by the scorching sun, leaving only a handful of gray smoke under his skin.
"Huff, huff …"
As the gray smoke spread out, it quickly formed a smoke cage, trapping Shinno inside.
"As an Immortal Realm expert, I, Ling Wu, have always respected you. However, today, I have no choice but to offend you."
The people of the Kurofune were different from other forces. They were all extreme desperadoes. Before joining the Kurofune, they had already disregarded life and death.
No matter how strong the opponent was, they still dared to fight.
Three "Ling Wus" appeared in the cage. These three figures were clearly formed by smoke.
"I'm afraid you can't afford to offend me!"
Shinno gently raised the long green ruler in his hand and took a step in the air.
A ring of colorful light emerged from Shennong's body, and a profound Law of Space pulsed on the surface of his body.
He had clearly slashed out with his sword, but with this slash, the three smoke avatars were split apart!
Just as he split the smoke incarnation apart, three more smoke incarnations appeared not far away.
Shennong raised his ruler and took a step forward. Just as he was about to charge forward, he turned around and stabbed without warning.
"Pu!"
The Shennong Ruler had already entered the void, leaving a trail of blood in the void.
Ling Wu's figure slowly appeared. The vitality in his body began to quickly fade, turning into traces of green energy that gathered in the Shen Nong Ruler.
"You think this little trick will give you the courage to show off in front of an expert?" Shennong asked coldly.
There was no pain on Ling Wu's face. Instead, he revealed a smile. "Perhaps …"
Following this, his body quickly decayed and turned into a terrifying corpse. This was still not Ling Wu's original body.
At the same time, a white bandage fell from the red crystal in his other hand. The bandage was weightless and silent, but the moment it fell on the red crystal, it spread out like mercury on the ground.
The entire red crystal was tightly wrapped by the bandage. At the same time, a terrifying pulling force came from the bandage, pulling it into the air.
Caught off guard, the red crystal in Shennong's hand flew out!
However, Shennong's reaction was extremely fast. Seeing the red crystal being pulled away by the bandage, he teleported to the crystal covered in bandages and grabbed it in his hand.
When he grabbed the red crystal, a powerful force pulled at the other end of the bandage. Even Shennong's body was pulled away. This force was terrifying!
"Comparing strength?"
Shennong's face sank. The Godly Jun power in his body suddenly erupted.
There was a qualitative difference between the Immortal realm and the Saint Soul realm in terms of physical strength, strength, speed, and soul!
When Shennong's power erupted, the bandage could no longer be pulled.
"Break!"
Shennong waved the long ruler in his hand, and the bandage was instantly cut off.
After grabbing the red crystal, he frowned slightly. The crystal's weight was not right!
He hurriedly tore off the bandage that wrapped the red crystal and pulled it open. A big black stone was revealed!
The red crystal that contained Luo Zheng had been replaced.
"Sorry for the offense."
Not far away, Ling Wu appeared again. He bowed to Shennong and turned into ashes with a "bang".
In the eyes of the Immortal realm, the Saint Soul realm was like an ant.
The number of Saint Soul realm powerhouses in the Divine Farmer Clan was ten times more than that of the black ship.
Even if these Saint Soul realm powerhouses had the Nirvana Realm tokens of the Three Pure Heavens, they were still not enough to fight against Shennong. This was the gap between them.
However, these guys from the black ship were obviously much stronger than ordinary Saint Soul realm powerhouses. They cooperated with each other and took away Luo Zheng when Shennong took away Heng.
A feeling of being fooled arose spontaneously.
This was a great humiliation!
"How dare you trick me? The price is very high! "
Shennong, who was quite well-mannered, finally showed a ferocious expression.
A thin slit appeared on his forehead. After the slit opened, an eyeball was revealed. A triangular frame appeared on the surface of the eyeball, and a light flashed fiercely.
Gui Qing, who had been punched by Fuxi, was still lying on the ground weakly and panting. At this moment, a triangular frame appeared in his eyes. His body seemed to be controlled by his eyes. His eyeball protruded and lifted his upper body up.
At the same time, his head turned 360 degrees at a weird angle.
During the process of turning, a cracking sound came from his neck. His neck must have been broken by turning his neck in this way.
However, he did not feel any pain. He closed his eyes and lay down on the ground softly. His consciousness had returned to normal.
Gui Qing, who had woken up, did not know what had happened. He only grimaced in pain from his neck and could not help but curse.
When Gui Qing looked around, a strange perspective was transmitted to Shennong's mind.
At this moment, Shennong seemed to be looking down on the entire Li Hu Province. Everything in the Li Hu Province was presented in front of him. Soon, Shennong noticed a scene a hundred kilometers away.
In the void a hundred kilometers away, there was an independent spatial flying ship. The members of the black ship were either sitting or leaning on it. The red crystal carrying Luo Zheng was pulled into the spatial flying ship by a bandage.
Shennong thought that his opponent should be the ship's boss.
If it was the ship's boss who took away Luo Zheng, it would be pardonable. Now that these Saint Soul realm powerhouses had easily taken away Luo Zheng, he was even more furious.
"Die!"
Shennong's figure suddenly became huge. The Shennong Ruler also grew at the same time.
He took a step forward and crossed a hundred kilometers. The Shennong Ruler in his hand slashed towards the void.

Chapter 3439
Just now, the red crystal containing Luo Zheng was taken away by the combined efforts of several people.
Ling Wu left the red crystal in the smoke and then cast an illusion, including Shen Tu's "Corpse Controlling Ghost" technique to confuse Shinno's judgment.
Between the real and the fake, Shinno misjudged.
Next, "Bamboo Pole" also untied his bandage and wrapped the red crystal in it, using the replacement ability of another member of the Kurofune, "Death Arrow".
The one who pulled the bandage was the bronze man. He had a unique secret technique that could increase his strength by three times for a short period of time.
The bronze man's strength after activating the secret technique was enough to fight against an Immortal Realm powerhouse.
In fact, if Shinno and Dog God were on guard, even these people from the Kurofune would find it difficult to take away Luo Zheng.
However, Shinno had always been wary of the ship's boss, so he didn't put these people in his eyes. They took advantage of this loophole.
Now that Shennong was furiously chopping down with his ruler, the shattered space spread all the way towards the spatial flying boat.
Inside the Void Boat, after the members of the Kurofune had just brought the red crystal in, Shen Tu was still lying on the crystal and observing it.
At this time, a crack in the sky spread at an incredible speed, and their faces changed greatly.
"They found it so quickly?" Ling Wu's pair of soybean eyes were full of astonishment.
"Immortal Realm powerhouses naturally have unknown abilities. Xiao Lan, teleport," Shen Tu turned back and ordered.
In the corner of the spaceship sat a blue-skinned, long-haired woman. Her Nirvana token was personally given to her by the Tongtian Sect Leader. It was the invisible spaceship of the 33rd Heaven, which was the transparent spaceship that was docked in the void.
In theory, even an Immortal Realm powerhouse would find it difficult to find the Invisible Boat. This boat was very hidden.
But of course, the people of the Kurofune didn't expect that Shinno could borrow Gui Qing's ability. With Gui Qing's means of controlling a province, as long as it was in Li Hu Province, everything would be spied on by him.
"Okay, Sister Shen Tu," Xiao Lan nodded.
Xiao Lan's life was very pitiful. Her family had been extinct, and only one of them was left.
She had never been famous in the Kurofune, but the other members of the Kurofune took good care of her, especially Shen Tu.
So, Xiao Lan also treated Shen Tu as her own sister.
Her gray eyes flashed, and the invisible boat suddenly collapsed. Naturally, Shinno's strike also missed.
Space condensed into a single point, and in the next instant, Xiaolan had already controlled the invisible boat to appear in another location 50 kilometers away.
To an Immortal Realm expert, a distance of 100 miles was nothing.
But whether it was Xiao Lan or the others on the black ship, they were very confident in the Invisible Boat.
Shinno would not have discovered it so quickly.
However, when Shinno saw the boat disappear, his face sank, and the eyeballs on his forehead flashed with a green light.
Ghost Green was crawling up from the ground.
The force that twisted his neck just now came from his own body, so the force that twisted his neck could not be transferred to the boundary wall.
Just as he was feeling puzzled, he suddenly felt his eyes bulging out. His eyes seemed to have grown legs and were dragging his head around!
"Again!"
This time, Gui Qing had learned his lesson.
He simply jumped up and turned his body in the direction of his eyeballs.
After a full rotation, his eyeballs returned to normal.
As for what had happened, Gui Qing was still in a daze.
After Shinno found the invisible boat through Gui Qing's eyes, he teleported again and slashed at the invisible boat.
Xiaolan also looked like she had seen a ghost.
When she moved the invisible boat, she did not leave any clues. Even an Immortal Realm expert could not track her, but Shinno was chasing after her.
"Go again!"
Before Xiaolan's voice fell, the invisible boat collapsed and disappeared again.
But just as the invisible boat moved, Shinno caught up again, and he was getting closer and closer to the invisible boat.
The black ship's members finally could not remain calm.
"How did Shinno find us …"
"Look, he's here again!"
"Did he leave a clue on this red crystal?"
The black ship's members tried their best to find clues. They were extremely reluctant to fight against Shinno.
"Could it be Gui Qing who told him?" Shen Tu asked.
"Yes, it's possible …" Xiaolan nodded.
Many years ago, Gui Qing easily found the invisible boat with his own ability.
"That guy …" The bronze man was also a little conflicted.
In the past, Gui Qing had caused trouble for the black ship. He did not expect that after his rebirth, Gui Qing would make a comeback. This guy was really born to be a troublemaker.
"What do we do? Do we find a way to kill Gui Qing? "Bamboo Pole asked.
"We can't kill him. Even Fuxi couldn't kill him, so it's even more impossible for us," Shen Tu shook his head.
Seeing Shinno closing in step by step, Xiaolan did not even have time to speak. As soon as she moved to a certain location, she had to move away immediately. If she was a little slower, the invisible boat would be destroyed.
Under such a chase, Gui Qing suffered.
Every time Shinno checked, Gui Qing's eyes would bulge and drag him in a circle.
He had to cooperate, otherwise his neck would be broken …
Thus, many people saw Gui Qing cursing and walking in circles, but no one knew what he was going through.
…
Directly above Hu Province.
The ship's boss stood on the bow of the black ship in a cloak.
On the edge of his black bamboo hat, black blood flowed. This blood seemed to be heated by high temperature, causing fine bubbles to appear.
As for the black ship, its surface was scorched.
Although there was no fire, the ship had been charred without anyone noticing, becoming a veritable "black ship."
Opposite the ship's boss floated a huge shadow of Nuwa. This shadow had already spread out its arms to embrace the ship and the ship's boss.
The only reason the ship's boss did not come personally was because he was entangled by Nuwa.
"Empress Nuwa, Lie Shan has already made a move against us. With his strength, he will take Luo Zheng away sooner or later. I don't think you should bother me," the ship's boss said.
In any case, Shinno and the black ship's members were now fighting over Luo Zheng.
No matter who got Luo Zheng, Li Shan could not accept the result.
Nuwa shook her head and said, "The members of the Kurofune are just a bunch of saint souls, but they're no ordinary saint souls. Not long ago, they were able to stop Lei Meng with just four of them. No matter how strong Lie Shan is, he won't be able to win in a short time."
She was confident in her judgment.
"But what's the point of trapping me?" the ship's boss asked again.
"Once Huang Xi wins, it'll make sense," Nuwa said calmly.
If Fuxi defeated Ji Xuanyuan, he would be free to fight over Luo Zheng. It didn't matter if there were other variables, at least on the surface.

Chapter 3440
A small black shadow smashed into a mountain that was thousands of meters tall. The mountain that had stood for thousands of years crumbled from top to bottom like soft tofu.
Boom!
In the blink of an eye, the mountain had completely disappeared.
The rocks that fell out of the mountain shot everywhere like a rain of hidden weapons. Anything that was hit by the rocks was pierced through.
To the creatures that lived in this area, this was the end of the world.
Buzz!
Then, a huge Eight Trigrams seal appeared in the ruins of the collapsed mountain. The seal's surroundings were very blurry. It was formed by overlapping many Eight Trigrams seals.
"Nine Miles Seal, Vanishing Immortal Trace!"
Boom!
Time seemed to stop beside Fuxi at this moment.
In that instant, Fuxi threw tens of thousands of punches downwards. Tens of thousands of fist auras formed a terrifying flow of energy that poured down.
Buzz … Buzz …
Intense rumbles overlapped. The original sound could no longer be heard clearly. Instead, it was a continuous, high-pitched sound.
The overlapping Eight Trigrams seals exploded at the same time!
Looking down from the sky, the ground caved in.
Three hundred meters, ten thousand meters, ten thousand meters, a million meters …
The mother world was a hollow egg world. Almost all creatures lived on the inner shell of this egg. The shell of this egg wasn't thick. The thickest part was only five or six million meters, while the thinnest part was only a few hundred thousand meters.
Ten thousand meters.
The exits of the mother world were all dug in weak areas.
Li Hu Province was also in a weak area. It was only a few hundred thousand meters from the surface to the outside of the chaotic world. Now, Fuxi had smashed through it!
In the chaos, the Xuanyuan Sword glowed with golden light and blocked in front of Ji Xuanyuan.
The Great Path in the golden light was the Ultimate Defense Path. It was also the path with the strongest defense.
Even with the protection of the Great Path, Ji Xuanyuan was still in a difficult situation.
Ever since he destroyed Jiuli, Ji Xuanyuan had been very confident. Even though Human Emperor Fuxi was once the strongest in the Immortal Realm, that was a thing of the past.
With Genryū's help, Ji Xuanyuan's strength had improved by leaps and bounds. Whether it was the use of his bloodline or the combination of the Paramita Tokens, he had reached a new level.
In comparison, Fuxi was just an unorthodox country bumpkin. All he relied on was his talent and his fierce pursuit in the Three Pure Heavens.
However, after exchanging blows, Ji Xuanyuan realized that he had underestimated Fuxi.
Fuxi himself did not have many tricks up his sleeves. He did not even rely on the Nirvana Realm Token. He was purely strong!
"Huff huff …"
After the Lihu Province was penetrated, the Chaotic Qi continued to pour in through the hole and spread throughout the Lihu Province.
"Zzz —"
After the first wisp of Chaos Qi passed through the rocks, it came into contact with a small and tender blade of grass. This blade of grass instantly withered, turned black, and died …
To weak living beings, Chaotic Qi was a deadly poison.
Although the Mother World was vast, most of it could not withstand the Chaos Qi. For the natives in the Li Hu Province, more than 90% of them would die.
"Your sword is not bad. It saved your life," Fuxi said as he stood at the entrance of the cave.
Even though he was more than a hundred feet away, his voice could still be accurately transmitted.
Ji Xuanyuan, who was floating in the Chaos Qi, removed the Sacred Path and replied, "The Xuanyuan Sword was originally a part of me."
The Natal Weapon was originally refined from one's bloodline. Ji Xuanyuan's words made sense.
"I've had a taste of your broken sword a long time ago. If Genryū did not help you refine it, I would have broken it long ago, right?" Fuxi said confidently.
In Fuxi's eyes, there was nothing in this world that he could not break.
Ji Xuanyuan slowly raised the Xuanyuan Sword above his head and said at the same time, "Everyone has their own destiny. It is my destiny that I was able to obtain the fortune of the Yuan Ling Clan, and it is also your destiny that you, Fuxi, obtained the secret blood heritage …"
The Xuanyuan Sword emitted a golden light, and three Sacred Paths appeared. They were the Path of Illusion, Path of Illusion, and Path of Truth. It was also one of Ji Xuanyuan's strongest supernatural powers.
"There is no difference between opportunities, only the strong and the weak!" Ji Xuanyuan said as he gently shook the sword.
The three Sacred Paths intertwined and rushed toward Fuxi in the Li Hu Province like a dragon.
"Then I'll let you know what true strength is!"
Fuxi raised his fist and said coldly as he saw the three Sacred Paths coming toward him.
He did not care what kind of Sacred Path Ji Xuanyuan was going to use. As long as the Sacred Paths came close, he would shatter them!
"Huff, huff, huff …"
A few Eight Trigrams appeared on the Sacred Paths. As Fuxi threw a few punches in the air, the Eight Trigrams quickly exploded.
The Sacred Paths that should have been shattered did not. The three Sacred Paths were like illusions and avoided Fuxi's fist.
The three Sacred Paths were both real and fake, and they were unpredictable.
"Strength is not only reflected in the fist." Ji Xuanyuan's voice floated over.
The three Sacred Paths began to split. Three became six, six became eighteen, and eighteen became three hundred and twenty-four. Soon, they formed a fine grid that surrounded Fuxi.
"Huff!"
In the next moment, Ji Xuanyuan appeared outside the grid.
The golden light on the surface of the Xuanyuan Sword had reached its peak. Ji Xuanyuan thrust the sword forward, and the dense net immediately unleashed a terrifying power. All the threads turned into golden sword rays and shrunk towards Fuxi in the center!
"Shatter!"
In that instant, it was as if hundreds and thousands of swords had struck Fuxi's body.
Ji Xuanyuan did not attack, but once he did, he attacked with all his might.
The blood in his body seemed to boil, and his eyes turned crimson gold. He was betting all of his strength on this attack. He was going to tear Fuxi to shreds!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The golden sword light had completely shrunk around Fuxi's body.
All of the sword light exploded at the same time, and the golden light was so bright that even the sun and moon dimmed.
The powerful beings from the Heavenly Palace, You Xiong, and Shennong, who were still fighting in the distance, were also attracted by the sun on the horizon.
However, Ji Xuanyuan was not Di Jun, and the Sacred Path sword he cultivated was completely different from Fuxi's Nine Suns Annihilation Sword.
After a short while, the golden light had already dissipated …
What happened next made Ji Xuanyuan's eyelids twitch.
Fuxi was still standing on the spot, and he was completely unscathed. A mocking smile appeared on his face. "Strength is not reflected in your fist, but in that stupid sword of yours?
"You're all too weak!
"Too weak!
"Weak!"
Fuxi's body suddenly disappeared as he spoke.
One Eight Trigrams seal after another flew toward Ji Xuanyuan.
When the Eight Trigrams seal appeared, Fuxi had already launched a punch through the air, and his body disappeared again.
He circled around Ji Xuanyuan in a small area at an unimaginable speed. Most of the time, Ji Xuanyuan was unable to lock onto Fuxi, let alone counterattack.

Chapter 3441
High up in the sky, Nuwa's shadow remained motionless. Nuwa's tentacles wrapped around the black ship.
Nuwa and the captain used their own unique methods to observe the battle. They also watched the battle between Fuxi and Ji Xuanyuan.
Just then, the captain felt that Nuwa was being overly confident. Ji Xuanyuan's current strength couldn't be underestimated. Fuxi wouldn't be so easy to take down.
But now that they were fighting, the situation became clear.
Fuxi was stronger than everyone had expected. The captain's expression grew more serious. He murmured, "It seems Lady Nuwa's confidence in the Human Emperor is not without reason."
Nuwa's beautiful eyes flashed. "Of course."
"But Lady Nuwa is confident she can trap me?" The captain glanced at Nuwa's shadow.
If Fuxi really did take care of Ji Xuanyuan, then no matter who won, the black ship or Shinno would probably fall into Fuxi's hands.
Now, it was the captain's turn to be restless …
"If you want to try, you and Min Hu can attack together," Nuwa said calmly. As she spoke, her gaze turned to the void to her left.
Along with a wave of spatial fluctuation that arose from that expanse of space, Min Hu who was hiding within it had finally revealed himself. "Goddess Nuwa really is sharp!"
"You're whispering too loudly," Nuwa said.
Min Hu had originally planned on fighting the captain, but the captain had ordered his crew to attack, and the situation had changed.
He had been hiding in the shadows, waiting for an opportunity to change. He had never imagined that Ji Xuanyuan would be at such a disadvantage, so Min Hu had taken the initiative to communicate with the captain.
They used their minds to communicate, and Nuwa's sharp senses caught them.
"Lady Nuwa, how strong are you compared to the Human Emperor?" the captain asked.
Fuxi's display of power made the captain wary. He hadn't seen Lady Nuwa fight in a long time. If Nuwa was as strong as Fuxi, it would be too troublesome.
The captain was very confident in himself. He felt that his strength wasn't below Ji Xuanyuan's, but Ji Xuanyuan, who had been beaten up, made him put away his confidence.
Confidence was the foundation of strength, but the arrogance born of confidence was an obstacle to survival.
The captain had been able to lead the black ship to this point because he had never underestimated anyone.
Goddess Nuwa looked down and shook her head. "If I were Huang Xi and Ji Xuanyuan didn't have any trump cards, he would already be dead."
As soon as he said that, Min Hu and the ferryman frowned.
Are you saying that you are stronger than Fuxi?
"We can only try to see if that's the case," the ferryman said with a serious look.
A green Nirvana Realm Token also appeared on the surface of Min Hu's body. It was the Armor of Destruction Vanguard that Emperor Jun once wore. Vigorous power was constantly gathering in his body.
Nuwa raised her head slightly and spread her arms to both sides. The huge shadow of Nuwa also opened its arms and swung its arms towards Kurofune and Min Hu's heads!
"Shua!"
Waha's Shadow was a pure energy body, capable of eroding almost everything.
As for Nuwa's own Nuwa Shadow, it was much purer than the rest of Mount Li. She was the true master!
Seeing this, Min Hu flew backward and dodged the brush-like energy beam.
Meanwhile, the ferryman stood still on the black ship, waiting for Nuwa's Shadow to fall from the sky. The moment Nuwa's Shadow landed on the black ship, the ferryman's black cloak suddenly exploded.
It was a bald man who rushed out of the black cloak. This bald man was covered in a layer of thin scales and had two sharp horns on his forehead.
After the ferryman revealed his true appearance, he didn't resist. Instead, he waited for the energy beam to hit him.
"Ka ka ka …"
Most of the slender energy beams at the end of Nuwa's Shadow landed on the black ship.
The wooden black ship shattered instantly. Under the erosion of the energy, it even caught fire and exploded …
The energy beam in the middle landed on the ferryman's skin. The energy beam burned his skin, and bright red blood flowed out from the charred wounds.
Nuwa looked puzzled when she saw that the ferryman didn't dodge. However, in a fight of this level, she wouldn't hesitate at all.
'Since you don't dodge, I'll kill you first.'
Nuwa slightly twisted her waist. Her golden dress fluttered, and the enormous Nuwa Shadow moved in a circle, easily forcing Min Hu to step back.
Her other hand made a pinching motion in the direction of the boatman.
Nuwa Shadow did the same thing with one hand. The energy beam wrapped the ferryman up like a tentacle.
The erosion of pure energy beams was terrifying, especially when it came from Nuwa's Shadow.
Those energy beams embedded themselves in the ferryman's body at a visible speed. Blood gushed out of his sunken body, but the blood was vaporized by the energy beams as soon as it appeared!
Min Hu, who had retreated, was stunned when he saw this.
Was the ferryman trying to kill himself?
Was he killed by Nuwa, just like that?
Or, did Nuwa use some trick that he couldn't see through to prevent the ferryman from dodging?
At the moment, waves of shock rose in Min Hu's heart. He even wanted to run away as soon as possible!
Before long, the ferryman's body was split into two by the energy beams. Like a candle, his entire body was melted. How could he possibly survive?
However, Nuwa's face did not relax. She did not think that the ship's captain was dead. Instead, her incomparably beautiful eyes were filled with vigilance as she stared at the black ships not far away from her.
"The power of Nuwa's Shadow is indeed extraordinary." The ferryman's voice came again. This time, he showed up on another black ship.
"This …"
Min Hu's eyes popped out.
In fact, at their level, it wasn't difficult to create a physical body clone, and it wasn't difficult to see whether it was the real body or a clone.
What Min Hu saw just now was the ferryman's real body, and it was indeed corroded by Nuwa's Shadow. Why did it reappear?
Even if he could come back to life with a rare resurrection token, there was no reason for him to just stand there and let Nuwa kill him …
"It seems that rumor is true." Nuwa bit her lips lightly. She crossed her arms and waved them outwards, "I've heard that the ferryman doesn't have a real body. And your real body isn't your fleshy body. Instead, it is these ships!"
"Sou sou sou sou sou sou …"
The moment she finished speaking, countless energy beams lashed out like whips at those black ships.
In the eyes of the majority, the black ships might be a terrifying superpower, but the truly strong ones were the people on the black ships. As for these black ships, they were merely ordinary flying ships.
There was no need for an Undying Realm expert to act. Even ordinary Sacred Soul Realm experts and Chaotic Origin Realm experts could tear them apart.
But when the energy beams released by Nuwa struck the surface of the black ships, they only let out a series of "da da da" muffled sounds before bouncing off …
These invincible energy beams had completely lost their effectiveness!
"Other than understanding that my real body is a black ship, I wonder what the intelligent Empress Nuwa has seen through?" The ferryman's voice came from the black ship.
Nuwa pondered for a moment before asking hesitantly, "You … have fused with the Ancient Flesh Land?"
The Ancient Flesh Land was an extremely dangerous place within the Three Clear Sky. It was located at the extreme south of the Three Clear Sky. It was very small, yet it was a terrifying forbidden ground.
The surface of this region was an enormous piece of meat!

Chapter 3442
The entire Land of Ancient Flesh was located in the southernmost part of the Three Pure Ones.
It was hard to say who was the first living being to explore the Land of Ancient Flesh. Perhaps in the beginning, people could easily chisel through the Land of Ancient Flesh.
However, after the first shovel, no physical force could break through it. Hence, the Land of Ancient Flesh still had traces of the first chisel.
Using fire to melt the Land of Ancient Flesh could only melt a small piece. After that, the Land of Ancient Flesh was no longer afraid of fire …
Thus …
All kinds of methods could only be used once in the Land of Ancient Flesh.
This huge piece of flesh seemed to have a strange evolutionary ability. This evolutionary ability was so strong that it was unreasonable!
By now, the Land of Ancient Flesh had been through too much. It was basically invulnerable to everything.
For example, Nuwa, Fuxi, and many others had tried, but they could not cause any damage to the Land of Ancient Flesh.
When Nuwa used Wah's Shadow to erode one of the captain's bodies, he did not dodge. Clearly, he was "adapting" to Wah's Shadow's energy beam.
After tasting the power of the energy beam, Nuwa's Shadow was no longer effective against the black ship.
Hence, Nuwa immediately thought of the Land of Ancient Flesh …
Because of this magical evolutionary ability, many people had tried to get their hands on it. However, because of this evolutionary ability, no one succeeded.
In theory, the Land of Ancient Flesh could not be cut, separated, or fused. How did the captain fuse with such a heaven-defying Nirvana token?
"As expected of Lady Nuwa. You thought of it so quickly. Lady Nuwa, please stay in the ship for a while!"
As soon as the captain finished speaking, the black ship closest to Nuwa swooped down at her.
Nuwa tapped her toes in the air, and her long dress fluttered as she retreated!
Originally, Nuwa's speed should have been faster, but the black ship suddenly produced a spatial fluctuation. The next moment, Nuwa felt the light around her dim, and she appeared inside the black ship.
The cabin was completely silent …
No matter how fast the black ship accelerated, shook, and swayed, the interior of the black ship was as stable as before.
"Buzz!"
Nuwa tried to use teleportation to leave the black ship.
However, the spatial passage was destroyed as soon as it opened …
Clearly, the captain had used spatial power to tear himself apart. After the ship evolved, spatial power could not be used.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The wooden wall behind Nuwa began to vibrate and suddenly pointed at Nuwa.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
It was as if an invisible person was throwing these short swords at Nuwa. These short swords looked ordinary, but their power was terrifying!
Nuwa's figure slid and dodged the dagger. However, a mast next to her suddenly turned 360 degrees and whipped towards Nuwa.
Seeing that there was no way to dodge, Nuwa used her arms to block.
"Bang!" She had already smashed into one of the walls. While she was stuck to the wall, countless javelins were ready to pierce through her from the other side of the corridor …
Everything on this black ship was a part of the ship's master, and they were all deadly traps!
Min Hu was originally watching the show with his eyes wide open. After seeing Nuwa being swallowed by the black ship, he suddenly had a bad feeling in his heart.
He had just been discussing with the shipmaster about how to deal with Nuwa, but now the shipmaster had swallowed Nuwa with a black ship?
He and the shipmaster were on opposite sides …
A strong sense of danger suddenly struck him. A black ship was rushing towards him. The black ship was like a huge black shark, swallowing Min Hu before he could teleport away.
…
After trapping the two Sempiternal realm experts, another black ship flew down from the sky. This black ship's target was none other than Shinno.
While the battle between Fuxi and Ji Xuanyuan was still ongoing, the shipmaster only needed to trap Shinno and escape with Luo Zheng.
For the shipmaster, the situation was very clear, and the process was unbelievably smooth!
Shinno was madly chasing after the Invisible Ship with a long ruler.
Xiao Lan was concentrating on controlling the Invisible Ship and frantically dodging. However, no matter where the Invisible Ship went, Shinno would always appear.
"Buzz!"
In the northern corner of Li Hu Province, the Invisible Ship and Shinno appeared at almost the same time.
Xiao Lan wanted to dodge, but it was already too late!
"Corpse Ghost Substitute!"
Shen Tu stretched out his arms, as if holding many invisible threads in his hands, and a huge monster made of a corpse appeared above the Invisible Ship.
This Corpse Ghost was created by Shen Tu over a long period of time, and it had extremely strong defensive power.
However, no matter how strong the Corpse Ghost was, it couldn't withstand a single round from Shinno.
"Pu!"
The huge Corpse Ghost was split in half by the ruler, and green blood splattered everywhere.
Shen Tu's eyes were filled with sadness as he watched the Corpse Ghost he had carefully nurtured being killed by Shinno's ruler. However, because the Corpse Ghost blocked the ruler, Xiao Lan had a chance to teleport away with everyone.
"We can't go on like this. How about I go out and stop him? Xiao Lan, you take everyone away," Tong Ren suggested.
The people of the Black Ship weren't particularly united. After all, in the Mother World, each of them represented "evil", and most of them had bad records.
However, when it came to sacrificing themselves to save the other members of the Black Ship, they didn't hesitate at all, as if it was a matter of course.
After living on the Black Ship for a long time, they had become a part of it.
"You can't stop him alone," Shen Tu said coldly.
"At least I can buy some time," The surface of Tong Ren's body began to transform into a yellow copper wall. He didn't intend to get the support of the other crew members and had already begun to make preparations.
"Since we're going to fight, let's fight together. Xiao Lan can leave with the red crystal alone," a half-man, half-deer creature not far away said. It was Mi Ya, one of the members of the Black Ship.
"I agree. Even if we face him head-on, we may not lose," Shen Tu nodded.
If the members of the Black Ship worked together, they definitely had the strength to fight against an Immortal Realm powerhouse. After all, not long ago, the Black Ship only relied on four people to defeat Lei Meng.
However, there were also differences among Immortal Realm powerhouses. An existence like Shinno was obviously one of the most powerful in the Immortal Realm, and the members of the Black Ship didn't want to face him unless it was a last resort.
With no other choice, they could only face him head-on!
The Unseen Boat once again teleported!
Shinno still appeared like a shadow, and this time, when he slashed down with his ruler, Tong Ren rushed out of the Invisible Ship first.
A light flashed on the surface of Tong Ren's body, and the aura of the Nirvana Realm Token flourished.
A huge copper pillar appeared in his hand, and he slammed it into the sky!
"Crack!"
Shinno slashed down with his ruler, and the thick copper pillar cracked from the middle, as if it was made of clay. The cracks extended all the way to the bottom of the pillar!

Chapter 3443
After Shinno destroyed the Bolong Bronze Pillar with his ruler, he slashed at the Bronze Statue again.
Just as the second ruler was about to land on the Bronze Statue, a bandage wrapped around Shinno's arm without warning.
On the other end of the bandage was Bamboo Pole.
After the bandage was untied, Bamboo Pole's body emitted a colorful glow. Among the Kurofune, Bamboo Pole was the best at using poison. When the first generation of Ghost Green was born, he relied on his highly efficient "Flash Insect Poison" to make the motherland of Qianzhou red.
"Hua!"
Bamboo Pole pulled the bandage and rushed past the Bronze Statue towards Shinno.
The surface of his body shone brightly, and his entire body had turned into a semi-liquid state. Below his skin was not flesh but water.
"Whoosh!"
Shinno's ruler slashed down and sank into Bamboo Pole's body. Bamboo Pole's body suddenly softened and turned into a sticky venom that went against the flow and spread on Shinno's arm!
"Zizi …"
As soon as the venom touched Shinno, Shinno's arm was already pitch black. The darkness spread at a visible speed and reached his forearm in the blink of an eye.
"Using poison against me? How naive! "
The Shen Nong Ruler in his hand spat out a green light that rolled back and coiled around his arm. His pitch-black arm returned to normal and the remaining green light chased after the venom!
The venom was Bamboo Pole's main body. Liquefying his own form and turning it into "Life Poison" to attack was his trump card.
Although Bamboo Pole had not reached the Immortal Realm, he was very senior in the Kurofune. In terms of lifespan, he was ranked third in the Kurofune.
He had used the Life Poison three times before, and each time he needed a long time to recover after liquefying. The recovery process was very painful, but each time he killed a troublesome opponent, including an Immortal Realm powerhouse.
But this time, he ran into Shinno!
That ball of green light was a deadly nemesis to the bamboo pole.
After seeing the green light, Bamboo Pole's face was filled with fear. He wanted to escape, but it was too late. The green light had already entangled with the venom, and the pool of venom was disappearing at a speed visible to the naked eye.
Lost …
"Du Huan!"
"Oh no!"
Seeing that the main body of the bamboo pole's poison had been completely eliminated, another two people flanked him from the left and right.
The man on the left carried a giant saber on his back, his name was Chi Zhan, while the man on the right was Shen Tu.
These two people usually had a good relationship with "Bamboo Pole" Du Huan. Seeing him being melted by the green light released by the Shen Nong Ruler, how could they hold themselves back?
Buzz!
Chi Zhan carried the giant sword on his back, and a dark, strange mark lit up. Then, he slashed at Shinno's head.
The black saber light slashed towards Shinno with an unstoppable momentum!
Among the thirteen members of the Kurofune, Chi Zhan was probably the one with the strongest attack power other than the captain.
Unfortunately, the gap between the Immortal Realm and the Saint Soul Realm was too big, especially for someone like Shinno who possessed a Natal Weapon.
Chi Zhan's blade that seemed to be able to split heaven and earth only made a muffled "ka" sound when it touched the Shennong Ruler. The black blade light disappeared, and the strange mark on the surface of the giant blade shattered. The entire giant blade also disintegrated at the same time.
"Pu!"
After Shennong used this ruler, he used it to fan Chi Zhan.
"Pa!"
The Shennong Ruler struck on the head of Chi Zhan. Even though Chi Zhan was protected by the Chaotic Origin Spirit, a casual strike from a character like Shinno contained more than 100,000 deity force. Chi Zhan's Chaotic Origin Spirit was instantly fatigued, and his head turned into a lump of blood foam.
。
Chi Zhan turned into a headless corpse and fell downwards.
"Chi Zhan!"
Shen Tu's eyes turned dark red. She extended her hand and grabbed at Shinno's head.
Shinno did not even look. Instead, he slashed out with his ruler.
"Da!"
Shen Tu extended her hand and grabbed lightly. She actually grabbed onto the Shennong Ruler!
Shinno did not expect that this girl covered in corpse aura could actually receive his ruler. He wanted to pull out the Shennong Ruler.
But that white jade hand of Shen Tu held onto the Shennong Ruler like a pair of pliers.
Shinno revealed a look of astonishment, "This hand of yours is actually so strong?"
Ordinary people might not be able to smell the corpse stench coming from Shen Tu. Or rather, Shen Tu did not have any stench. But she had always dealt with the dead. She did have a unique corpse aura on her body.
A mere Sacred Soul Realm expert could strengthen her fleshy body to the point where she could fight against an Immortal Realm expert. That was indeed shocking to Shinno.
During this moment when Shen Tu was delaying for time, another three members of the Black Ship came over!
They would naturally not let go of this fleeting opportunity.
The gap in strength between them was ultimately too huge. In addition to the death of Du Huan and Chi Zhan, the remaining crew members were in a mess.
Shinno's other hand tapped lightly on Shen Tu's head, forcing her to retreat.
Taking advantage of the moment when Shen Tu retreated, Shinno pulled out the Shennong Ruler. At the same time, he moved around behind him.
"Pu pu pu!"
One of the three Black Ship members was cut in half at the waist. The other two lost their arms.
Even though they did not die, they would not be able to fight for a short while.
"Hu!"
After taking down several members of the Black Ship in a row, Shinno took the lead and flew towards the Unseen Boat.
Xiao Lan, who was on the Unseen Boat, looked anxious. No matter where she moved, Shinno could find her immediately. And the crew could not beat Shinno …
Just as Xiao Lan was panicking, the bronze man appeared on the Unseen Boat again.
"Brother Bronze, what are you thinking?" Xiao Lan did not know why the bronze man had returned.
The bronze man stared at the red crystal in Luo Zheng's hand. His face revealed a ruthless expression, and he carried it on his shoulders with both hands.
"Bolong Guide!"
He roared, and a faint mist was released from his hands, fusing him with the red crystal.
The Bolong Pillar that Shinno had just split open was not a Paramita Token, but a weapon made for him by the ship's boss.
The bronze man's Nirvana token could connect the weapon with himself. The Bolong Bronze Pillar had been fighting with him all these years. Now that it was destroyed by Shennong's sword, it was difficult to find a better weapon for a while. He suddenly thought of the red crystal.
Suddenly, he thought of the red crystal and carried it, fusing it with himself.
The bronze man carrying the red crystal left the Unseen Boat in the next moment and rushed towards Shinno!
Shinno chased the Unseen Boat for so long for Luo Zheng.
Seeing the bronze man rushing straight towards him, his face showed a strange expression.
This red crystal was a good material, but carrying Luo Zheng as a weapon, was it not delivering himself to the door?
Shinno didn't dodge or evade. He charged forward.
The Shennong Ruler in his hand once again slashed in the air, directly on the red crystal!
"Kuang!"
"Ka!"
The first foot did not break the red crystal, but the second foot completely shattered the red crystal.
"Bolong Guide!"
White mist burst out from the bronze man's hands.

Chapter 3444
In this moment of crisis, the copper man couldn't care less.
He thought that Luo Zheng was the most important, and that Shinno had come for him. He couldn't possibly dare to kill Luo Zheng, could he?
He should at least be wary of shooting at the rat for fear of breaking the vases!
The result was exactly as the copper man had predicted. When Shinno's ruler came down again, he clearly frowned.
This time, he, Ji Xuanyuan, and Min Hu received an order from the Elemental Spirit Clan at the same time. The order was to capture Luo Zheng alive!
Seeing the copper man carrying Luo Zheng and charging at him, he slightly changed the direction of his Shennong Ruler and slashed at the copper man's head.
The veteran copper man had long since predicted that Shinno would use this move. He retracted his head slightly, turned around, and hid Luo Zheng behind Luo Zheng once more!
While covering himself, he also carried Luo Zheng and blasted towards Shennong!
Shinno had no choice but to hastily withdraw the Shennong Ruler. At this distance, he couldn't avoid the copper man's attack. He could only choose to take it head-on!
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng's head slammed into Shinno's chest.
A powerful force passed through his chest, piercing through Shinno's heart. It pierced through his back for several hundred feet before disappearing.
This was the copper man's divine ability, "Bolong's Strength". It possessed incredible penetrative power.
From Luo Zheng's head to several hundred feet in front of him, the force endured was the same. This characteristic of strength not weakening could be decisive in many situations.
Shinno's body clearly trembled, and the pain in his chest caused his expression to darken. He had actually been lightly injured.
His eyes flashed with killing intent. His body flashed with countless afterimages as he appeared behind the copper man.
"Whoosh!"
Another strike of the ruler.
The Shennong Ruler's dense green light contained strands of black silk.
Shinno was skilled in detoxification, and he was even more skilled in using poisons.
This "Strange Willow Green Poison" was a supreme technique that Shinno had comprehended on his own.
Once entangled by this poison, even an Immortal Realm expert would be powerless to save him.
Normally, Shinno wouldn't use this move against a Saint Soul Realm expert. Clearly, he was truly enraged.
But the copper man looked like he was going all out!
Although Shinno's speed was much faster than his, no matter how fast Shinno was, the bronze man only needed to keep Luo Zheng in front of him.
Shinno's ruler, which contained Willow Green's strange poison, had just chopped down when the bronze man, carrying Luo Zheng, turned around and struck. The bronze man himself didn't even need to turn around.
The copper man's attack was so sudden that Shinno was unable to react in time.
Looking at Luo Zheng crashing into his Shennong Ruler, Shennong had no time to stop!
"Clang!"
Shinno's ruler fiercely chopped down on Luo Zheng's leg, producing a crisp sound, like the sound of weapons clashing.
This scene not only shocked Shinno, but also shocked the bronze man and the other black ship crew.
The bronze man didn't think that Shennong would dare to kill Luo Zheng. How was this the appearance of someone who was afraid to shoot the rat for fear of breaking the vases?
Shinno was also afraid that Luo Zheng would die under this chop …
But after a moment, everyone focused their gaze. Luo Zheng who was carried on the bronze man's shoulder was unharmed.
Putting aside the Willow Green's strange poison, the strength of Shennong's chop had reached 100,000 deity ranks!
Seeing how Luo Zheng could withstand this strike and even produce a crisp sound, could it be the effect of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin? Since when could the Spirit of Chaotic Origin withstand the strength of 100,000 deity ranks?
Seeing that things had reached this stage, the bronze man no longer had any misgivings. He truly treated Luo Zheng as an unbreakable peerless weapon and charged towards Shinno once again. At the same time, he shouted, "Fellow black ship brothers, help me!"
A black ship member patted on his head, causing a Paramita Keepsake to spin out. That Paramita Keepsake was actually a charred and withered tree branch.
"Withering Energy!"
Luo Zheng used the Hermit Divine Ability when he fought against Phoenix, and it was executed using the withered tree branch.
Another black ship member placed his hands on his chest, causing a small circular lens to appear between his hands. At the same time, he aimed the mirror at the copper man.
"Rippling Chestnut Mirror!"
"Weng!"
The energy released by that charred tree branch shone through the Rippling Chestnut Mirror onto the copper man. This withering energy could increase the user's strength by six times. And now, this six times increase was directly applied on the copper man.
The copper man was a strength-type expert among the crew members. He could unleash a strength of 50,000 deity ranks at full strength!
This strength was definitely outstanding among the Sacred Soul Realm experts. With a little more, he could touch the bottom line of the Immortal Realm.
Coupled with the withering energy, the strength he could unleash was 300,000 deity ranks!
And as long as he had the support of two black ship members, he could unleash a strength of 300,000 deity ranks continuously!
"Hu hu hu …"
The white fog in the copper man's hands completely enveloped Luo Zheng. He could feel his strength increasing by several times.
Even though the black ship members had practiced this before, this was the first time they used it on an existence like Shinno!
"Die for me!"
"Hu!"
Shinno naturally felt the momentum of the copper man.
On one hand, Shinno wanted to avoid this attack. On the other hand, he was worried about whether Luo Zheng could withstand the copper man's strength …
But before Shinno could retreat, another black ship member stood out. It was Xiao Lan, who was controlling the Invisible Boat.
"Invisible Boat!"
"Spatial Trap!"
The Invisible Boat was a spatial Nirvana token. Even though it had no offensive capabilities, its ability to escape and trap people was top-notch.
The transparent Invisible Boat instantly disassembled into countless transparent spatial fragments. These fragments reassembled and formed a spatial cage in the void, trapping Shinno.
Given some time, it wouldn't be difficult for Shinno to break this spatial cage.
Five or even three breaths of time would be enough.
But when Xiao Lan trapped Shinno, she also let the copper man in. Shinno couldn't avoid the copper man!
"Lie Shan! I hope you can take it! "
The copper man's eyes bulged like a frog's. His blood vessels bulged. White fog curled around Luo Zheng's body as he attacked Shinno's head.
Shinno saw that he couldn't avoid it. His index and middle fingers slashed across the ruler!
"Hum …"
Green light extended from his feet. The green light was like a blooming willow branch blooming in his body.
Just as the light bloomed, Luo Zheng's head smashed into Shinno's body.
"Pop!"
Shinno took the hit head-on. His tough body was unharmed.
But the indestructible Shennong Ruler suddenly twisted, as if an invisible hand had bent the ruler.
"Pop!"
The copper man didn't stop. He smashed Luo Zheng into Shinno's body again.
The Shennong Ruler twisted even more. Its entire body was completely distorted!
"Pop!"
The third hit sent Shinno flying backward, smashing into Xiao Lan's spatial cage.
His Shennong Ruler was twisted beyond recognition, but it still withstood the copper man's three attacks!
Shinno's heart ached for the Shennong Ruler to be twisted like that. Damaged weapons also needed a long time to recover.
But what shocked Shinno even more was that Luo Zheng was still unharmed after withstanding such power.
The copper man looked regretful as he watched Shinno smash the spatial cage. He felt that he could kill Shinno if he used a little more strength. But he quickly realized that Shinno's shock didn't come from his own strength, but from Luo Zheng in his hands …
This guy's body was unimaginably useful as a weapon.
Luo Zheng withstood almost 300,000 Shen Jun's power and was unharmed?

Chapter 3445
In the extreme northwest of the mother world, there was a rare type of copper tree.
The roots of this copper tree were buried deep underground. After a long time, it could extract a very special type of copper ore and inject it into the heart of the tree.
This type of copper was called water copper. It was very soft and looked like a viscous fluid.
With a small knife, the water copper could be easily cut.
But once a huge force hit it, the water copper would instantly become extremely hard. It was a fluid with a magical property.
Based on this property, the ship master helped the copper man make the bolong pillar.
The copper man had once tried the Mirror of Chestnut and the power of withering. He had exerted nearly 300,000 godly jun of force on the bolong pillar, and the pillar had easily withstood it.
The stronger the force, the stronger the bolong pillar.
If the copper man had possessed 300,000 godly jun of force before, Shinno wouldn't have been able to cut the bolong pillar.
But at that time, the copper man had only relied on his own strength to use the bolong pillar. Naturally, Shinno had destroyed the pillar with a casual strike of his ruler.
But now, the copper man's weapon wasn't the bolong pillar. It was a person's body.
Even though this fellow was basically a Sempiternal Realm expert, the strength of 300,000 Godly Armaments was enough to crush a Sempiternal Realm expert!
Just now, the copper man had ignored the blood rushing to his head. Now that he had calmed down, he realized that it didn't make sense.
At the same time, in the 32nd layer of Pingyi Heaven, Luo Zheng's anchoring body on the Three Clarities Stone anchored by Luo Zheng changed.
The force exerted on Luo Zheng's body was transmitted to the anchoring body …
The anchoring body was connected to the Immortal Scroll, and the Immortal Scroll was connected to the Eternal Church.
An undetectable wave was transmitted to the Holy Grail in the Eternal Church at an unimaginable speed.
"Pop!"
Luo Zheng's body shook, and so did the entire Holy Grail.
After the viscous blood rippled, the map on the ground began to change.
Originally, there were two pillars of light rising from the map. The two pillars of light represented the bloodlines of Chi You and the Primal Chaos Ancient God. The two pillars of light had the element of life, so they extended toward the bottom left of the "life" direction.
However, after Luo Zheng bore the strength of 300,000 Godly jun, another pillar of light grew several inches in the fan-shaped area on the lower right side that represented the attribute of "destruction"!
Complicated expressions appeared on the faces of the four bronze statues that occupied the four corners of the square.
It was one thing for this kid to be able to reconstruct his body through blood fusion …
Why didn't he play according to common sense?
Normally, even if a person passed and successfully obtained the acknowledgement of the Origin Bloodline, the atlas would be set in the shortest amount of time and would not change.
Luo Zheng had been lying in the Holy Grail for a long time without moving. How could the light pillars in the atlas increase?
This looked like cheating …
As long as a pillar of light connected to the edge of the circle of light, it meant that he had been recognized by the Origin Bloodline, which meant that he had obtained the Origin Bloodline.
There were a total of 373 light pillars. The greater one's potential, the more light pillars one could connect to, and the greater the potential of the origin bloodline one could fuse with.
"Seems like there's a problem with the Origin Bloodline?"
"If this light pillar can also touch the circle of light, this kid will have three …"
"The Eternal Divine Court's best record was fourteen pillars of light, but they also extended fourteen pillars of light in a single breath, not like this …"
The four bronze statues stared at Luo Zheng with a hint of excitement in their eyes.
Out of their final sense of responsibility, they hoped that everything would go back to normal. Thus, when Luo Zheng first appeared, they were very hostile.
However, at this point, the bronze statues' mentality changed again.
The Eternal Court had been abandoned for eternity …
Under the Time Lock, the remaining eternity would probably remain the same. It would be a long and boring time.
Deep down, they hoped that something strange would break through eternity, but none of them were willing to say it out loud. Now, this strange thing had appeared.
…
Shinno stared at Luo Zheng, who was on the bronze statue's shoulder, with a thoughtful expression.
Although he did not understand the details, he completely understood that Genryū wanted to win Luo Zheng over with great fanfare.
At this point, Shinno did not intend to give up.
His right hand trembled slightly, and the distorted Shennong Ruler was already hidden in his body.
"Whoosh …"
A terrifying bloodline power was released from Shinno's body, and a green figure with a bull's head and sharp horns appeared behind him.
The figure let out a strange cry, then disappeared in an instant and quickly condensed in Shinno's body.
In addition to using their own bloodline to condense life-bound weapons, Immortal Realm experts also had their own bloodline abilities.
For example, Donghuang's Golden Sword and Di Jun's Armageddon Sun!
Shinno's bloodline was named "Strange Blood" by himself. As one of the Origin Bloodlines, the Strange Blood was extremely powerful. It was not inferior to Ji Xuanyuan, Donghuang, Di Jun, or other Immortal Realm experts.
However, very few people in the Origin World had seen Shinno's bloodline ability, because the number of times he had used it could be counted on one hand.
This strange blood could transform him into three different types of mutants. These mutants were indestructible, but during the transformation process, Shennong's consciousness would become blurry. Furthermore, every time he used it, the duration of his transformation would increase.
Shinno was afraid that one day he would not be able to transform back and directly become a mutant monster without self-consciousness, so he was very careful every time he used the bloodline.
He was not willing to use the bloodline ability to deal with the Black Ship's crew.
However, seeing the strange characteristics of Luo Zheng's body, Shinno realized that he could not delay any longer!
His body began to elongate, two horns grew out of his head, and his feet turned into thick hooves …
"It's a Strange Goat …" Shinno's consciousness gradually became blurry.
The Strange Goat was the most ferocious of the three mutants, and Shinno hated to see it the most.
The only way Shinno could control this Strange Goat was to give it a command — to get Luo Zheng back.
Then the consciousness in the Strange Goat's eyes disappeared, and it let out a strange howl after being confused for a while.
Not far away, the bronze man had been observing for a long time. Seeing that the Strange Goat was still a little confused, he made a prompt decision and threw Luo Zheng at the Strange Goat again.
"Boom!"
It was still the strength of 300,000 Godly Jun.
The Strange Goat was still howling when it was directly thrown down from the sky, smashing a huge hole in the ground.
However, the Strange Goat, which was almost immortal and indestructible, was not injured at all. It turned around and ran on all fours on the ground for a few steps before rushing at the bronze man again.
"Boom!"
The bronze man carried Luo Zheng and smashed the Strange Goat into the ground again. He did not believe that Shinno's mutant body could not be killed!

Chapter 3446
Not long after, the light pillar in the direction of the Destruction Quadrant began to rise bit by bit.
It soon touched the light circle at the edge of the map, and the third light pillar was formed.
The four bronze statues all looked at the wine cup.
Since there was a third light pillar, he should have awakened by now, right?
Letting this kid obtain the Origin Bloodline so easily was a great bargain.
But Luo Zheng was still lying motionless in the Holy Grail … …
The bronze statues naturally didn't know, and Luo Zheng was also confused in the darkness.
Luo Zheng was very sure that he was awake and not in a dream.
But he couldn't sense himself at all, at least his sense of touch and smell had disappeared. He couldn't even tell if he had a physical body, as if he was just a lonely soul floating in the darkness.
Fortunately, this "soul" had eyes and ears. Luo Zheng could see the light spots in the distance, and he could also hear some strange sounds.
The muttering sounded in Luo Zheng's ears from time to time, and every time the sound appeared, the light spots would fly up like dancing flies.
It was as if someone was chanting some spell.
The light spots in the distance listened to the command of this spell.
Why was there such a thing in his head?
How long would this state last?
No one gave him an answer … …
… …
In the Mother World.
"Boom!"
A crater about the size of a large lake suddenly appeared, and this huge crater was created by the bronze man.
The Faun at the bottom of the crater had just revealed half of its body when it was smashed into the air by the bronze man, and then pressed into the ground!
"Boom!"
Another crater appeared, and the Faun was smashed into the ground again, and there were more than twenty lake-sized craters behind them.
Although the bronze man's series of attacks didn't cause any substantial damage to the Faun, it was still suppressed to the point where it couldn't fight back!
But the bronze man burst out with 300,000 godly jun's power each time, and the other two Kurofune members couldn't bear it anymore.
The power of withering and the mirror of water chestnut were the Nirvana Realm tokens of the 33 Heavens, but they consumed godly crystals very quickly!
With the consumption rate of these tokens, it was unrealistic to crush godly crystals one by one to replenish them. This level of token would consume millions of godly crystals each time.
No matter how fast these Saint Soul experts were, it was impossible for them to crush them one by one.
Before a battle, they would usually prepare a single Sumeru Ring. After crushing a large number of divine crystals, the energy of the divine crystals would be injected into the Sumeru Ring. It was specially used to replenish the divine crystal energy of the Paramita Token.
But the speed at which the copper men squandered the power of Shen Jun was too fast!
After the two Kurofune members replenished the energy of the divine crystals three times in a row, the spare sumeru ring was empty!
"Shen Tu!"
"Xiaolan!"
The two Black Ship members turned their eyes to Shen Tu and Xiao Lan and raised their fingers at the same time.
Shen Tu and Xiao Lan immediately understood and teleported over to the two of them, handing over their spare Space Rings.
During the transfer process, there was a gap.
The bronze man was pouring his power into the Faun through "Luo Zheng". Suddenly, there was a break in the flow of power …
The bronze man's attack was only a few thousand Shen Jun.
Bang!
The Faun was ready to be smashed away again.
He suddenly realized that the power exerted on his body was actually so gentle and weak …
A look of surprise appeared on his face as he glared at the bronze man.
The bronze man probably used a similar gaze to look at it.
After the Faun realized that the bronze man had lost his power, his pair of horns began to flash with green light. He lowered his head and immediately rushed towards the bronze man!
Every time Shinno transformed into a Faun, blood would flow like a river. With his ferocious personality, he wouldn't give up until he killed the bronze man.
Seeing the pair of horns coming straight for his face, the bronze man anxiously lifted Luo Zheng and used him as a shield to block in front of himself.
Although Shinno gave the order before his consciousness disappeared to take back Luo Zheng, the bronze man didn't seem to care.
However, the Faun didn't seem to care about what Shinno was thinking. It ignored everything and went straight for Luo Zheng's chest!
"Crack!"
The huge force knocked Luo Zheng and the bronze man into the air. Because of the "Bolong's Lure", the bronze man still held onto Luo Zheng tightly. Luo Zheng once again displayed his magical characteristics and took the blow of the Faun without any injury!
"Wu …"
After being chased around by the bronze man for a long time, the Faun finally found an opportunity to turn the tables.
It didn't hold back at all. A pair of powerful hind legs leapt up and stabbed at the bronze man with their glowing green horns.
In terms of strength, even Fuxi and Ji Xuanyuan would find it difficult to deal with the Faun, let alone the bronze man, who was only a Saint Soul.
The bronze man knew that he was no match for the Faun, so he could only place his hopes on Luo Zheng. He forcefully used Luo Zheng as a shield to protect himself.
"Crack!"
"Crack!"
"Crack!"
The Faun turned into a white blur and attacked the bronze man continuously. The bronze man was like a bull, carefully using Luo Zheng to "protect" himself. The bronze man was sweating profusely, but he was glad that the Faun wasn't very intelligent.
Under the repeated attacks of the Faun, another beam of light extended from the Creation quadrant below the Holy Grail in the Eternal Divine Court. It was exactly the same as the beam of light in the Destruction quadrant. It also rose into the sky in sections.
The four bronze statues had thought that Luo Zheng would stop, but they were dumbfounded by the new beam of light.
"It was in the Destruction Quadrant, and now it's coming out of the Creation Quadrant?"
"This beam of light needs to be completed as well?"
"This is the fourth one, and the four beams of light exist in three different quadrants …"
The four statues were speechless as they looked at the light pillar that was constantly extending.
… …
Shinno's Origin Bloodline was originally born in the Creation Quadrant.
His transformation into a Faun was a kind of creation in itself.
On the surface, power could be divided into trillions of combinations, but when it came to the Origin Bloodline Atlas, it would be reduced to the four quadrants of Destruction, Creation, Life, and Space-Time. The 373 beams of light were actually just different focuses.
However, there were some slight changes.
The Faun's attack helped Luo Zheng complete a beam of light.
After the Faun attacked more than ten times, the two Kurofune members finally replenished their divine crystals.
When the Chestnut Spinning Mirror shone on the bronze man again, the bronze man's power surged again.
Just as the bronze man was about to fight the Faun again, a huge black shadow suddenly came down from above and swallowed the Faun with a clang.
This huge black shadow was one of the Kurofune members who had rushed down. It was the main body of the Kurofune.
Boom, boom, boom, boom …
A series of explosions came from inside the Kurofune, but the Kurofune didn't break. The Faun obviously couldn't escape that easily.
"Boss!"
The bronze man felt that he had endless power that he had nowhere to vent.

Chapter 3447
The captain's style had always been like this, to complete the task with the least cost.
The other members of the Kurofune never questioned the captain. Even if a member of the Kurofune died in the hands of Shinno, no one mentioned killing the members of Shennong Faction for revenge.
The Kurofune had always been vengeful, but they needed a better opportunity. They believed that the captain would arrange it.
"What about Gui Qing?" Shen Tu's neat bangs on his forehead fluttered in the wind.
Taking Luo Zheng away was basically a perfect completion of the task.
But Shen Tu didn't forget the captain's previous purpose. If possible, he could summon Evil Deities and devour Gui Qing, killing two birds with one stone.
It could make the strength of Evil Deities stronger, and it could also give them some authority in the mother world.
"Now is not the time. We'll find another opportunity," the captain said.
Shen Tu didn't say anything. He just nodded and entered Xiao Lan's invisible boat with the other members of the Kurofune. The invisible boat flashed and went straight to the sky.
The captain's three black ships trapped Min Hu, Shinno, and Nuwa respectively.
Each black ship was a part of the boatman's body, but he could give up on these three black ships!
The remaining black ships flew into the distance together with the unseen ship … …
…
"Boom! Boom! Boom! "
In one of the black ships, Nuwa was flying from room to room.
The door of the cabin in front of her suddenly closed and slammed into her from left and right.
Red light flashed on her fingertips, which turned into a sharp claw and slashed at the door.
"Crack!"
The door shattered instantly.
In the crack of the door, there was a faint trace of blood …
The black ship was made of flesh and blood!
"You should not have fully inherited the ability of the Ancient Flesh Land," Nuwa said.
What she just used was still the power of her bloodline. After integrating Nuwa's Shadow into her body, it greatly enhanced her lethality.
Relying on the power of Nuwa's Shadow, she tore open the door inside the black ship.
If the captain really had the Ancient Flesh Land, Nuwa's Shadow should not cause any damage to the black ship. He was almost invincible.
"Lady Nuwa is really wise. Your judgment is very accurate," the captain's voice drifted in the cabin, "But I've got the person. This old man has to say goodbye."
"Ka ka ka …"
A winch in the black ship suddenly made a loud noise. Driven by the winch, a huge square piece of wood passed through several rooms and immediately smashed toward Nuwa. This square piece of wood was like a heavy punch from the ship's boss.
Nuwa stretched out a hand to block it, and a jade-like hand firmly caught the piece of wood. A few slender white fingers gently pinched it, and the large piece of wood instantly turned into countless wood shavings.
"Do you really think you can escape?" Nuwa said calmly.
"Why can't we leave?" the captain asked.
Fuxi and Ji Xuanyuan were engaged in a fierce battle and had no time to care about anything else. The other people were nothing to be afraid of. The captain also felt unusually relaxed as no one could stop him.
Goddess Nvywa didn't answer. Instead, she swung her arms and sent out countless energy beams to different rooms. These energy beams were like thick ropes, tying the pillars and walls of the ship together.
Then Nuwa's body rotated in place. Under the pull of these energy beams, creaking sounds came from inside the black ship, and the internal structure began to be destroyed.
Boom!
When Nuwa's power reached a certain limit, the inside of the black ship fell apart, and the entire black ship shattered into pieces.
All the pieces fell down in a voluminous stream, accompanied by some sticky blood.
Nuwa reached out a hand, and a beam of energy rolled toward the falling black ship fragments. She rolled up a wooden board in her hand.
The color of this wooden board was slightly different from the others. Its surface was golden, and it felt faintly warm in her hand.
"Why can't we leave? You should know soon enough," Nuwa said to the golden wooden board.
Then her jade-like hand exerted some force, and the wooden board was crushed into pieces. Blood spurted out from it …
After the golden wooden board was crushed, the surface of the falling black ship fragments ignited with raging flames. These fragments were burned to ashes by these flames.
If Nuwa hadn't crushed this golden wooden board, the broken black ship would have been able to return to its original shape in a matter of minutes. The reason the black ship could maintain its original shape and still be so powerful was because of the golden wooden board, and the golden wooden board was the captain's body.
A part of the hull.
… …
On the other side, the remaining black ships and the invisible ship were quickly traveling through the spatial tunnel.
With their speed, they could pass through several large provinces in a short time.
The area of the Mother World was still quite large. As long as they avoided the first round of tracking, they should be safe. It was not easy to find the black ship.
"We have passed through three large provinces, so … we should be safe," Xiao Lan said.
Xiao Lan was not confident. This time, the captain suddenly asked her to take everyone with her, so she was a little nervous.
"As long as we leave Li Hu Province, we will be free to fly. It won't be so easy to find. Xiao Lan, you did well this time," Shen Tu smiled next to her.
"En …"
Xiao Lan was still focused on controlling the invisible ship. Her eyes were staring ahead. They were about to pass through Yuelan Province. She had to prepare the appropriate Sanskrit to pass through the boundary wall.
Just after passing through the boundary wall of Yuelan Province, Xiao Lan's face suddenly froze. She looked at the scene in front of her in a daze, "Sister Shen Tu, Captain, this, this …"
All the members of the black ship looked over, and their faces changed at the same time.
What appeared in front of them was actually Li Hu Province!
After going around in a circle, they were actually back?
"This is impossible!"
"We have been going west. It's impossible to go back to Li Hu Province!"
"…"
The members of the black ship couldn't understand this scene at all.
Standing on the side, the captain wrapped in a black bamboo hat pondered for a moment and said, "Someone has tampered with the space. Even if the invisible ship opens the way, it still can't be broken. We are trapped in it."
The captain was warned by Goddess Nuwa, and then he encountered such a thing. Naturally, he had his own thoughts and guesses.
"Tampered with the space? A space that spanned across several continents? Who has such ability? "The bronze man asked.
The bronze man was still carrying Luo Zheng on his shoulder. It seemed that it was difficult for him to put down this handy weapon.
"It may be difficult for ordinary Immortal Realm experts to do it," the captain said solemnly, "But what about Kong, who has mastered the Truth Divine Ability?"
Kong was originally a Chaos Ancient God who stood behind the You Xiong Clan. If You Xiong and the Shennong Clan wanted to make sure nothing went wrong, it was possible for them to ask a Chaos Ancient God to help.
Behind the Path of the End and the Path of Order, there were Chaos Ancient Gods, because these two paths had a place for them.
And this was the disadvantage of the black ship …

Chapter 3448
For a long time, the Kurofune had been in hiding and hadn't established its own super force because of the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods.
The Primal Chaos Ancient Gods didn't like the Kurofune, so the Kurofune naturally couldn't establish a foundation in the Mother World.
These six natural giants in the Primal Chaos silently influenced the situation of the Mother World.
"How powerful is Void's control over space …" Xiao Lan's eyes revealed a look of surprise.
The ship's boss once told Xiao Lan that in terms of talent in space, she was probably the best in the Mother World.
But no matter how high her talent was, she couldn't compare with the Ancient Gods who had mastered the truth of space.
"I'm afraid we'll soon see how powerful they are," the ship's boss said with a dignified voice.
The Kurofune wasn't afraid of a super force level battle.
But when it came to the level of Primal Chaos Ancient Gods, the Kurofune's strength was difficult to deal with.
Fortunately, the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods rarely took action in the past, and the Kurofune was lucky enough to avoid them.
But this time, it was unavoidable.
"Do you want to descend?" Shen Tu asked.
"Of course," the ship's boss narrowed his eyes slightly, obviously already prepared.
…
"Hong!"
A huge hole broke open at the bottom of the Kurofune, and then Min Hu drilled out of it.
His face was full of anger. He wanted to fight against Nuwa together with the ship's boss, but he didn't expect to be tricked by the ship's boss!
It wasn't easy to break free from the Kurofune, so he naturally had the idea of finding trouble with it.
Min Hu spread out his Divine Sense and soon found another Kurofune.
Spatial fluctuations spread in front of him, and he took a step forward and arrived next to the Kurofune, "Ship's boss, don't blame me for this!"
"Hu …"
A terrifying fluctuation came from Min Hu's body, and a steady stream of Shen Jun's power formed a ring around him as he threw a heavy punch at the Kurofune.
At the same time Min Hu threw a punch at the Kurofune, a loud noise came from inside the Kurofune.
"Hong!"
The loud noise inside the Kurofune came from Shinno, who had transformed into a Faun and was rampaging through the cabin.
Because Nuwa didn't have a proper response, even if the Faun was stronger than Nuwa, it couldn't blast the Kurofune away.
Now, Min Hu and the Faun worked together to smash the Kurofune!
"Huala!"
Seeing that the black ship had turned into countless pieces, Min Hu's face revealed a ruthless expression as he threw another punch forward.
Min Hu didn't know that the members of the black ship and the ship's boss had left. He only thought that the person on the black ship was the ship's boss. He didn't expect that it would be Shinno who transformed into a Faun.
The Faun, who was already very irritable, finally left the black ship. When it saw someone attacking it, it naturally went up to them.
Shinno's will had a hard time influencing the Faun, so of course it wouldn't see Min Hu as its ally.
Boom!
Min Hu, who was good at melee combat, was at a disadvantage against the undying Faun.
Countless cracks appeared on Min Hu's cyan armor after the fist collided with him!
"You are …"
Min Hu was stunned for a moment before he realized that this was the strange body formed by Shen Nong's bloodline.
It was during this moment that the Faun flipped over, its sturdy hoof landing squarely on Min Hu's chest.
"Crack!"
The armor in front of Min Hu's chest was instantly shattered, and his entire body smashed onto the ground like a meteor.
"Brother Lie Shan …"
Min Hu was just about to beg for mercy when he saw the Faun's horns stabbing towards him.
Min Hu was scared half to death. It would be too tragic if he died at the hands of one of his own.
He didn't have time to say anything. As soon as he landed, he leapt into the air, transformed into a streak of light, and flew away.
Min Hu was extremely fast, but the Faun was even faster. It chased after him without knowing what was going on.
…
Ji Xuanyuan flew along the realm barrier.
Behind him, a series of Eight Trigrams appeared on the realm barrier.
Boom, boom, boom, boom …
It was as if an invisible beast was gnawing away at the realm barrier, creating a series of giant holes in it.
Ji Xuanyuan was slightly slower, and the Eight Trigrams landed on his body.
His fist followed the seal …
As soon as the Eight Trigrams landed on Ji Xuanyuan, a fist of light exploded on his body.
At his peak, Fuxi was terrifyingly powerful. Even a casual strike from him could pose a great threat to Immortal Realm cultivators.
He was actually forcing Ji Xuanyuan into a corner …
"Boom!"
The fist of light and the Eight Trigrams simultaneously exploded on Ji Xuanyuan's body, but there wasn't much of a sound.
However, the power of the explosion had already seeped into Fuxi's body, wreaking havoc within it.
Ji Xuanyuan's body slammed heavily into the realm barrier. At the same time, he spat out a mouthful of blood, and a look of defeat appeared on his face.
He had considered the possibility of losing to Fuxi, but he hadn't expected to lose so miserably!
"How did you become so strong so quickly …" Ji Xuanyuan looked at Fuxi with a complicated gaze.
Fuxi stood in the air, glancing at his own palm. A hint of a smile appeared on his face. "It's not that I'm fast, it's that you're too slow. You thought you were strong enough to rely on Genryū, but before you knew it, you were slacking off.
How much do you know? "
In the past, Fuxi's strength hadn't been that far off from Ji Xuanyuan and Shinno's. They were all on par, and Fuxi wasn't confident that he could defeat Ji Xuanyuan.
However, after reaching the Immortal Realm, Ji Xuanyuan, Shinno, and the others had always been under Genryū's protection.
The resources that Genryū had given them could indeed allow them to advance by leaps and bounds for a short period of time, but they were also restricted in the Thirty-three Skies.
If Genryū felt that they shouldn't enter a place, they couldn't explore it.
This protected them, but also restricted them …
Fuxi and Nuwa, however, were different. Every step they took in the Thirty-three Skies was an enormous risk.
Even the Elemental Spirit Civilization, which controlled the 'exit' of the Thirty-three Skies, hadn't been able to completely explore the Thirty-three Skies. There were still many unknown regions.
Fuxi couldn't remember how many times he had narrowly escaped death, but what followed was a tremendous amount of benefits!
Unknowingly, he had also surpassed other Immortal Realm experts.
Ji Xuanyuan looked at Fuxi with a complicated gaze …
Without a doubt, he was jealous of Fuxi. If he had known what would happen, perhaps he wouldn't have made the choice he had in the past.
However, the path he had chosen was destined to be one he couldn't turn back from.
He was stunned, and a strange smile appeared on his face. "Then do you really think you've won?"
Fuxi clenched his fist. "At least … I'll deal with you first."
An eight trigram seal appeared on Ji Xuanyuan's body. Then, Fuxi punched out.
Boom!
This mountain-splitting, earth-shattering punch exploded against Ji Xuanyuan's body.
However, Ji Xuanyuan seemed completely fine. He continued to lean against the Realm Barrier, as if an invisible layer of space had absorbed the damage for him.
Fuxi's eyes narrowed, and he raised his head to look at the horizon.
In all of the primordial chaos, there was only one person capable of using spatial divine abilities to such an extent. That person was' Space '.
Upon realizing that 'Space' was present as well, the black vortex in Fuxi's eyes seemed to ignite as it spun wildly.
There was still an enormous gap between the Immortal Realm experts and the Primordial Chaos Primordial Gods.

Chapter 3449
Fuxi had once challenged 'Ji' but was taught a harsh lesson by 'Ji'.
Even though Ji's situation was not good, it was more than enough to deal with Fuxi.
However, Fuxi would never accept his fate. In a sense, the Paramita was of a higher level than the Chaos. There would definitely be methods to suppress the truth, and Fuxi had made many preparations for this.
Therefore, when Fuxi felt the power of the truth of space, his fighting spirit became abnormally strong.
"You want to remove all my power with just folding space?" Fuxi's arm swelled up, and his power exploded again.
Boom boom boom boom …
Eight trigrams and fist lights exploded in front of Ji Xuanyuan, but Ji Xuanyuan seemed to exist in a different world from those powers.
Ji Xuanyuan leaned against the realm wall and revealed a trace of arrogance.
He stood up calmly and reached out, and the Xuanyuan Sword appeared in his hand.
If one observed carefully, as he moved, the surrounding space would be slightly distorted. He was already isolated in another space.
Swoosh …
Ji Xuanyuan gently swung the Xuanyuan Sword and walked over.
Buzz!
As the Xuanyuan Sword hummed, a saint path with intense killing intent slashed at Fuxi.
Fuxi punched out in the face of this sword.
Whoosh …
Whether it was the Eight Trigrams or the fist lights, they crossed this saint path. It was like two different spaces that could not intersect.
Boom!
However, this saint path sword landed on Fuxi without any suspense.
Previously, Fuxi countered Ji Xuanyuan's every move, but it did not mean that Ji Xuanyuan was weak.
Fuxi let out a muffled sound and was smashed into the ground.
Ji Xuanyuan stood up with his sword, and his expression became peaceful again. He held the Xuanyuan Sword and descended.
He scanned with his divine sense and slashed out again!
Whoosh!
A huge hole was instantly cut in the ground, but Fuxi had already teleported away.
"How can you escape from Kong's gaze?"
Ji Xuanyuan's voice spread out in all directions. Then, as if he had heard something, he suddenly slashed out with his sword.
As the saint path moved forward, a passage opened in the space in front, and Fuxi stepped out.
Boom!
Fuxi was hit by the Saint Path once again.
A Primal Chaos Ancient God's understanding of space was ultimately much stronger than Fuxi's. Fuxi's spatial passageway was altered by greater teleportation, and he was sent back to receive this sword strike!
Even with Fuxi's thick skin and thick flesh, he couldn't withstand two consecutive slashes from Ji Xuanyuan.
After spitting out a mouthful of blood, he stopped using Greater Teleportation and flew into the distance.
Ji Xuanyuan wasn't in a hurry to chase after him. Instead, he watched as Fuxi fled in all directions as if he was looking at a toy. There seemed to be an invisible, transparent cover in front of Fuxi, and he couldn't escape from that cover. In the end, he had to return to the starting point.
"No matter how strong you are, you are still just a Sempiternal realm cultivator. You can only dream of going against the truth."
Ji Xuanyuan continued to walk in the air with his sword in hand. The accumulated power of the Divine Path on the Xuanyuan Sword grew denser and denser.
If everything went smoothly, Ji Xuanyuan didn't want to be empty-handed.
Primal Chaos Ancient Gods were the foundation of the entire Primal Chaos. Once they got involved in worldly conflicts, the situation would become complicated.
According to Ji Xuanyuan's plan, on the one hand, he would take away Luo Zheng. On the other hand, he would make Green Ghost even stronger. With Xiong, the Shennong clan's situation would become irreversible.
However, there were always variables. If Sky directly joined the battle, it was very likely that everything would be sped up.
But no matter what, Sky had covered himself with a layer of spatial armor. He was already in an invincible position!
Swish!
Ji Xuanyuan slashed out with his sword again. Fuxi didn't dare to use Greater Teleportation. He could only rely on his speed to dodge.
He could dodge one slash, but two slashes, three slashes … there would always be a time when he would be struck.
In just a short while, several terrifying wounds had appeared on Fuxi's body. Half of his face had been sliced apart as well. He looked battered and exhausted.
"Stop here!"
A cold light flashed in Ji Xuanyuan's eyes. Three more Divine Paths gathered on the Xuanyuan Sword.
Right now, Fuxi was just a target that couldn't fight back. If he couldn't even deal with this Fuxi, then he, Ji Xuanyuan, would be completely worthless.
Buzz ….
Accompanied by the sound of the sword, countless sword images poured down on Fuxi with the support of the three Divine Paths.
But just as Ji Xuanyuan thought that Fuxi had no strength to fight back, Fuxi's aura suddenly changed.
A dense green light appeared in his eyes. It was as if an extremely powerful life force had been injected into his body. The ghastly wounds on his body instantly healed.
The green light only lasted for a moment. Then, all the green light turned red. Fuxi's aura also became extremely dangerous.
Whoosh!
An instant later, Fuxi pounced on Ji Xuanyuan.
Even though he had the protection of the spatial armor, Ji Xuanyuan's heart jumped.
He didn't stupidly swing his sword to counterattack. Instead, he instinctively retreated.
"Crack!"
Fuxi's attack caused the spatial armor on Ji Xuanyuan's body to explode. His left arm was torn off by Fuxi.
Ji Xuanyuan wisely chose to retreat. If he had still trusted the spatial armor and counterattacked, he probably would have been killed by Fuxi!
After retreating far away, Ji Xuanyuan's expression became unsightly again. He looked at the sky like Fuxi. The thing he was worried about had happened. Another Chaos Ancient God had joined in.
With the Li Hu Province as the center, the hundreds of provinces around it, from the Center God Province to the Li Mountain, all saw a giant scorpion appear.
Countless living beings raised their heads to look at the huge scorpion, and two completely different feelings emerged from the depths of their hearts. One was a deep attachment to it, as if looking at where they came from was their origin, and the other was a deep fear.
Fear, as if it was an existence that could destroy everything.
"Ji" was originally a Chaos Ancient God that controlled the truth of life. When the Mother World was still in its infancy, "Ji" could interfere with the process of life and even create living beings. Thus, it was not an exaggeration to say that it was the origin of all things in the current Chaos.
However, not only could it create, but it was also the ruler of all living beings. It could create and destroy.
After "Ji" appeared, another giant figure appeared on the other side. It was a giant one-eyed monster. Apart from the giant eye, there was also a strange hunched body. It was Ji Xuanyuan.
It was "Void" who was covered in a spatial armor.
"You still don't understand?"
Void's voice echoed throughout the hundreds of provinces.
The Chaos Ancient Gods had their own standpoint.
Purely from the standpoint of the Chaos Ancient Gods, the Dao of Order was clearly beneficial to them. This was why "Void" was willing to help Ji Xuanyuan.
"Void" wasn't willing to fight "Ji". He and "Ji" came from the previous Chaos Epoch. Although they belonged to different races, the two races had always been on good terms in the previous Chaos Epoch.

Chapter 3450
Ji was silent in the sky for a while. A green light flashed through its huge eyes.
Hum!
In the invisible boat, a small light spot floated out of Luo Zheng's body. It was Ji's sub-soul 9527.
Ji had always thought highly of Luo Zheng, so it wanted to know if it made the right choice.
Seeing the green light spot about to float out of the invisible boat, the people on the black boat didn't dare to stop it.
9527 was just a weak sub-soul, but the presence it released was exactly the same as Ji.
Whoosh!
The green light spot drew a thin line in the sky and shot into the sky, hitting Ji's head.
In Ji's mind, the original owner had already woken up. It was surrounded by many brain masters, like the emperor of humans.
It was like the king in the mind world, waiting for 9527.
9527 stood in front of the original owner and did a very "human-like" action. It bowed to the original owner for no reason.
"You are me, why do you have to do this?" The original owner thought for a while before saying, "Is it because you've been away for so long that you've started to be obsessed with your own consciousness?"
To some extent, a sub-soul was also an independent entity.
9527 had been in contact with Luo Zheng for a long time, and slowly developed its own personality.
It even resisted returning to the original owner's side. It wanted to be a special 9527, and not a sub-soul of the original owner.
"Yes, original owner," 9527 answered sincerely, "I … want to leave you."
As soon as 9527's "consciousness" was sent out, the brain masters around the original owner instantly exploded.
A mere sub-soul that had its own consciousness dared to ask to leave the original owner's consciousness?
In the mind world, this was definitely a rebellious action. Or rather, the many brain masters and sub-souls couldn't have this consciousness at all!
"You've made a great contribution, and you've also successfully helped Luo Zheng reach the Sempiternal realm. Release yourself first. Once I understand what happened during this period of time, I'll allow you to leave," said the Original Lord.
9527 didn't say anything and opened itself up.
Countless scenes were interpreted by the original owner in an instant. From Luo Zheng's journey to the original world to Luo Zheng's encounter in the other side, the original owner knew everything.
At first, when the original owner saw how 9527 helped Luo Zheng, the original owner was very pleased.
Luo Zheng's performance was amazing, but 9527 was still very important to Luo Zheng.
But as Luo Zheng ventured deeper into the other shore, the effects of 9527 grew weaker and weaker. In the end, it became almost negligible. Then, the blue jade spirit that appeared represented an entire civilization. Even the Primeval Lord of Heaven was a super powerhouse of the 33 Heavens …
This kid encountered all strange things along the way, far beyond the original owner's imagination.
When Luo Zheng directly replaced the Elemental Spirit Clan to control Yu Shengtian, I was even more shocked. This guy is really going to turn the sky upside down after entering the Nirvana Realm!
But when the original owner started to understand the memories of Luo Zheng entering the immortal picture scroll, the original owner was even more shocked.
Although 9527 kept silent and didn't disturb Luo Zheng, it could still roughly understand the communication between Luo Zheng and the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi.
For example, the center of the picture scroll, the Four Spirits Gate, and the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi's guesses were all transferred to the original owner through 9527.
The communication between the original owner and the original owner was actually very fast. The whole process didn't even take half a breath. Ji's huge eyes gently closed and slowly opened again. There was a hint of complicated emotions in his eyes.
Luo Zheng's performance was completely beyond his expectations, even beyond his imagination …
If Ji was still hesitant and wavering before, at this moment, he had no more worries.
"Of course, I understand," Ji's voice sounded in the air. The voice was easily transmitted to the ears of all the living beings in hundreds of states, but it was very peaceful, "Let go of Luo Zheng. The other unrelated people can leave, and we'll pretend that nothing happened today."
Hearing Ji's choice, Fuxi and Nuwa instantly heaved a sigh of relief. Ji Xuanyuan and the others also had a layer of coldness on their faces.
On the other side of the sky, Kong said, "You still don't understand. We are this world's …"
Kong was still trying to convince Ji, but Ji directly interrupted him, "Say no more. I've seen more than you understand. I won't believe their flowery words anymore."
Hum!
An azure light flashed across the huge eye in the sky.
Its aura quickly grew stronger …
"You, must you fight me?" Kong asked again.
"I only have one condition. Let go of Luo Zheng," Ji answered decisively.
From 9527's memories, Ji already understood the importance of Luo Zheng. He was so important that even if he had to give up his life, he had to let him stay.
Hum hum hum hum …
Kong's single eye started to vibrate crazily.
The concentrated power of space vibrated crazily in his eye.
He had the highest space authority in the chaos. Now that he couldn't reach an agreement with Ji, he planned to exile Ji.
Whoosh …
Ji knew how powerful Kong was. He naturally wouldn't allow Kong to exile him so easily.
Ji didn't delete the space. If he was casually exiled to a corner of the chaos, Ji would need time to return to his home world.
Clang clang clang clang …
Ji's huge body charged forward. Transparent space walls appeared in front of him.
Each space wall was as strong as a world wall. However, in front of Ji, they were as fragile as glass. They almost shattered with a single hit …
Although the space walls were shattered one by one, they still slowed down Ji's speed.
When Ji charged in front of Kong, the power of space in Kong's huge eye had finished. A thick blue light shone on Ji's body.
The blue light disappeared. Ji also disappeared.
"Hehehe …"
Kong's faint laughter came from the sky.
Then Kong's body started to shrink. From a body so huge that one couldn't look up, it shrank to the size of a normal person. At the same time, his entire body started to change. In the end, he turned into a human. It looked like a mountain.
He said that this was the complete "mountain".
In the next step, Kong already appeared beside Ji Xuanyuan. He reached out and pulled in the air.
All the space in Li Hu Province started to dislocate …
However, the key people were all pulled in front of him.
Shennong who turned into a faggot, Min Hu, the people from the black ship, and Nuwa …
They didn't feel the space ripple and weren't prepared. The surrounding scenery changed and they were pulled over.
Kong's gaze passed through the Unseen Boat and landed on Luo Zheng. He looked like he saw an important treasure. He pulled in the air and was about to move Luo Zheng over from the Unseen Boat.
However, Luo Zheng didn't move an inch despite its tug.

Chapter 3451
The boatman, Shen Tu, and the others also looked at the bronze man in surprise.
The bronze man carrying Luo Zheng shrugged, indicating that he didn't know …
A dignified Primal Chaos Ancient God couldn't take someone back from the hands of a Saint Soul. Even Kong's expression was very unnatural.
Kong once again stretched out his hand towards the bronze man, enveloping Luo Zheng with the power of space without any rules. However, when this power of space acted on Luo Zheng, it disappeared without a trace like an ox entering the sea.
Luo Zheng was like a black hole with a shape. Except for the ordinary power of Shen Jun, he could absorb all other forces.
After failing twice in a row, Kong finally gave up. His figure flashed and he was already inside the Unseen Boat. He looked at the boatman and then reached out to grab Luo Zheng.
The bronze man also cast an inquiring look at the boatman. In this situation, if the boatman didn't make a move, the bronze man naturally wouldn't either.
As Kong reached out, the white mist created by the bronze man's Boron collapsed and dissipated. Luo Zheng was taken away by Kong.
Before leaving, Kong turned around and glanced at Xiao Lan, "This space flying ship is very exquisite, just treat it as your burial ground …"
After saying that, his figure disappeared and Kong appeared next to Ji Xuanyuan with Luo Zheng.
After Kong left, Xiao Lan suddenly sensed something and panicked, "Boat, Captain, I can't control the Unseen Boat …"
The Unseen Boat was Xiao Lan's Paramita Token, but now it was completely out of her control.
"Your Paramita Token can't be controlled?" Shen Tu raised his eyebrows.
"En …"
Xiao Lan looked at the transparent Unseen Boat in horror, "The Unseen Boat is shrinking!"
The Unseen Boat, which was thousands of feet in size, was constantly shrinking. In two or three breaths, it had shrunk to half its size. Everyone in the Black Ship would be squeezed by the Unseen Boat.
The members of the Black Ship used greater teleportation at the same time, trying to get out of the Unseen Boat.
However, as soon as they used greater teleportation, their faces changed drastically. There was no fluctuation in space, so it must be Kong's doing.
It was too easy for a Primal Chaos Ancient God who controlled the truth of space to trap them!
"Captain!"
"What should we do …"
"We can't get out of here!"
Just as everyone was panicking, the Unseen Boat had shrunk to the size of ten feet, and the left and right sides were only a shoulder wide. It was fine for Shen Tu and Shen Tu, but for the tall bronze man, it was very cramped.
The bronze man stretched out his hands to try to stop the Boat continue shrinking.
However, even though he had unleashed all of his power, he was still unable to stop the Invisible Boat.
The power of shrinking space was not something the bronze man could resist. The bones in his body creaked, and his face turned red from suffocation.
* * * * * *
A burst of cracking sounds came from the chest of the bronze man, and the bones in his arms were directly broken!
At this time, Shen Tu, Xiao Lan, and many other members of the Black Ship also joined in, joining forces to prevent the space from shrinking, but even with all the members of the Black Ship taking action, the Invisible Ship was still shrinking at its original speed.
After a while, everyone could not even turn around. If they continued to shrink, all of them would be squeezed to the point of bursting!
Shen Tu turned to look at the Boat Captain. It would be too late if they didn't descend now.
Just as Shen Tu was looking around, a golden circle of light suddenly appeared behind the ship's captain, and under this golden circle stood a man in a black robe. This man had a pair of deep eyes, the depths of which seemed to be filled with stories.
However, the faint stubble on his face revealed an unruly aura.
"Need help?"
* Ka! *
He stretched out his foot and pressed it against the invisible wall of the Unseen Boat. It seemed easy, but the Unseen Boat shook violently and stopped shrinking.
As the man exerted force, the unbreakable space barrier of the Unseen Boat shattered into millions of pieces with a bang.
He gently raised his robe and flew straight up like a black eagle. At the same time, there was a rumbling sound in the sky, and a terrifying energy quietly passed by before disappearing without a trace. It was the Land of Truth that couldn't be descended.
..
. Kong didn't think that the people of the Black Boat could escape. At least, they couldn't leave the Unseen Boat.
After dealing with the Black Boat, only the two from Li Shan were left.
Since he had made a move, he had to clean it up.
But just as he moved over, he felt a huge movement behind him.
"Kong" turned his head. When he saw the black-robed man, his cold eyes revealed a trace of seriousness.
In the Chaotic World, even the strongest Immortal Realm experts couldn't fight against the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods who controlled the truth. So, whether it was Fuxi or the Black Boat, Kong didn't put them in his eyes. At least, Kong felt that these Immortal Realm experts were no match for him.
But the man in black in front of him made him instinctively vigilant. This kind of vigilance only appeared when facing other Primal Chaos Ancient Gods. He didn't expect it to appear when facing a human, which made him a little confused.
Fuxi and Nuwa, who were pulled over by Kong, quietly looked at each other.
Of course, they knew that the man in black came from the Chaotic World and must be a member of the Wu Kong Clan. But the Wu Kong Clan had always been mysterious, so they couldn't confirm the identity of the man in black.
In fact, not long ago, the man in black had shown his face in the Thirty-second Layer of Heaven. If Gan Gao Han and the others were here, they would definitely recognize him.
But if the Wu Kong Clan could fight to the death with Kong, Fuxi and the others would be happy to see it.
"Who are you?" Kong asked.
The man in black sniffed the air, revealing the intoxicated expression of all Descenders. "I've been waiting for this moment for a long time. Even after thousands of Primal Chaos Epochs, the smell of this world hasn't changed."
The man in black didn't answer the question, and Kong's expression became even colder. He lowered his voice and asked, "Tell me, who are you?"
Saying so, Kong suddenly slashed at the man in black, and a crescent-shaped spatial crack flew straight at the man in black. A spatial crack created by a Primal Chaos Ancient God was extremely fatal.
Facing this spatial crack, the man in black smiled faintly and stretched out his hand to block the path of the crack.
"Hiss …"
When the man in black's hand collided with the spatial crack, there was a grinding sound that made one's teeth ache, and the spatial crack quickly disappeared.
Then he revealed a warm smile. "Who I am isn't important. What's important is that you have to hand that person over to me."
The man in black pointed at Luo Zheng on Kong's shoulder.
"You're dreaming." Kong replied.
If not for the fact that Luo Zheng could absorb all energy and couldn't be transported away, Kong would have hidden Luo Zheng in some corner of the Primal Chaos Epochs.
So what if this man in black was strong?

Chapter 3452
The black-clothed man's light brown eyes were devoid of any emotion.
To the onlookers, he looked like a taut bow, ready to release surging power at any moment.
But his emotions were like the surface of a still lake, calm as if he was taking a stroll in a courtyard. There was an extremely terrifying emotion trapped in his mind.
No one could see through him, not even "Kong".
"Pleading is useless, so we can only solve this with our fists," the black-clothed man said in a flat tone.
It was as if declaring war on a Primal Chaos Ancient God was a simple matter.
Even though Void saw Luo Zheng as a formidable opponent, he had no intention of backing down. He tossed Luo Zheng into the air, and at the same time, stretched out a finger, and a spatial cage enveloped Luo Zheng.
Inside this Space Cage, even if Luo Zheng woke up, he would not be able to escape, and external forces would not be able to break it. At the very least, the Immortal Realm cultivators present would find it difficult to do so.
But as soon as Luo Zheng touched the bottom of the Space Cage, a shocking scene occurred. Luo Zheng directly absorbed the bottom of the Space Cage, and Luo Zheng's body rapidly fell through the hole in the Space Cage.
Everyone present wore a speechless look upon their faces while Shen Tu secretly laughed.
Luo Zheng's body was too strange, causing "Kong" to misjudge it.
As far as he was concerned, all pure energy would be absorbed by Luo Zheng, except for the copper man's "Bolong Attraction". Perhaps it was a coincidence, or perhaps it was because the Bolong Attraction's energy was not high enough.
In fact, Shen Tu's guess was very close to the truth.
Luo Zheng did not absorb all energy, but according to the diagram in the square, the Bolong Attraction's energy was not high enough.
On the other hand, "Kong"'s energy was obviously enough, so every time "Kong" released his Space Force, Luo Zheng's body would immediately "eat" it.
After eating it a few times, another beam of light shot up from the Space-Time Quadrant of the diagram …
Seeing that Luo Zheng is falling, the man in black doesn't have the intention to grab him.
"Kong" instantly teleported with an awkward expression. After grabbing Luo Zheng, he flew in front of Ji Xuanyuan and threw Luo Zheng over. "Protect him well."
Then, Kong returned to the same height as the man in black.
After grabbing Luo Zheng, Ji Xuanyuan looked at Fuxi and Nuwa who were trapped by "Kong" and frowned.
Li Shan was powerful not only because he had the support of the Primal Chaos Ancient God, but also because Fuxi and Nuwa were strong opponents.
The situation in front of him was already extremely disadvantageous for Nuwa and Fuxi. Whether it was Kong or the black clothed man who won, Li Shan would not be able to accept it, unless both Kong and the black clothed man were injured.
However, Fuxi and Nuwa remained calm. What other tricks did they have up their sleeves?
Just as Ji Xuanyuan was thinking, a dazzling blue light suddenly bloomed in the sky. The blue light was even more dazzling than the sun. It was like a huge blue flare, so dazzling that everyone couldn't open their eyes.
When the blue flare disappeared, a blue translucent long sword appeared in "Kong"'s hand. This sword was clearly formed from space.
"Kong" rarely fought head-on. Most of the time, he only needed to banish his opponent. Just like how "Mountain" had banished Luo Zheng in the space of Millet Mountain.
Previously, when "Ji" wasn't paying attention, he was also banished by "Kong".
However, facing this man in black, "Kong" had the urge to kill him!
"Buzz …"
Kong waved the long sword in his hand, and the space in front of him split apart like a piece of cloth, creating a huge space crack.
This space crack was like the mouth of a strange fish, trying to swallow the man in black.
The corner of the man in black's eyes twitched slightly. His body tilted slightly, and a wisp of green light as thick as a pinky shot into the sky, shooting tens of millions of feet away.
"Buzz!"
A three-foot-long thin sword appeared in his hand. It was his usual weapon, the Qingping Sword.
"Qingping Sword, Absolute!"
The moment the man in black slashed out with the Qingping Sword, he disappeared.
He and the Qingping Sword had turned into green light that filled the sky, shining towards "Kong".
The space crack that "Kong" slashed out disappeared the moment it met the green light. All the power of space seemed to be unable to withstand a single blow.
"Kong" didn't care too much that his attack was so easily dispelled.
He only looked up at the sky, wanting to find the man in black.
As long as one was deep in space, no one could avoid "Kong"'s detection. This was "Kong"'s talent. He didn't search for the other's aura, nor did he scan with his divine sense. Instead, he simply sensed everything that existed in space. This "Kong"
Ability was similar to Gui Qing's.
However, the man in black had completely disappeared under the green light? This didn't make sense.
"The truth of space is the highest law in the Chaos. As the Child of Truth, you can't completely control it. You only have a part of it …"
The man in black's voice suddenly came from behind "Kong".
"Kong" suddenly turned around and slashed out with the spatial saber in his hand in the direction of the voice.
Others might have misjudged the direction of the voice, but he, "Kong", would never be wrong!
Three slashes in a row …
The azure-blue spatial slash was fast enough to split everything in its path, including space itself.
Large patches of spatial cracks swept down as the spatial slash swept past. The sky was like a book, and these spatial cracks were like pieces of paper torn from the book. Under the powerful power of fear, space itself revealed a magical characteristic.
。
Even the structure of space itself was completely destroyed. If the man in black was hiding here, he would definitely be split into countless pieces.
But there was no man in black there …
"It's precisely because you only control a part of the truth of space that you have a specific blind spot."
The man in black's voice sounded again. Just as "Kong" raised his spatial saber, he realized that he couldn't determine the source of the voice. It seemed to be transmitted from deep within his mind. Why was this happening?
Just as "Kong" was in disbelief, a green light bloomed behind "Kong".
"Pu!"
This green light, which was as thick as a finger, pierced through the back of "Kong" and extended forward. It crossed several large states and penetrated the boundary walls and thick layers of soil of several large states. It penetrated all the way to the Mother World and shot into the Chaos.
As the green light was only as thick as a little finger, there was no Chaos aura that spread in from the Outer Realm. However, countless innocent creatures were pierced along the way.
A wound the size of a pinky finger was nothing to Kong. He felt the pain from his back and slashed a few more times with his saber.
"Hua hua hua …"

Chapter 3453
The self-healing power of the space in the mother world was very strong.
Normally, space would quickly repair itself after being torn apart. Therefore, the space cracks created by those Nirvana Realm masters would only last for an instant before disappearing without a trace.
However, the influence of "Void" on space was too great. The pieces of space that had been destroyed were exposed, forming a strange picture.
"He's just a person who hides his head and tail!" Kong's attacks did not touch the black clothed man at all. He finally felt a trace of anxiety in his heart.
At the level of "Kong", there was almost nothing that he did not know. There were not many secrets that he could not understand. Now that he was suddenly faced with such an unsolvable situation, he naturally felt uncomfortable.
"Hum!"
Another streak of green light bloomed on "Kong"'s forehead.
This time, "Kong" did not dodge. The blue light in his eyes flashed and the space in his head changed. The streak of green light that entered "Kong"'s head refracted ninety degrees and pierced to the other side.
"Xiu —"
The direction it pierced was where Fuxi and Nuwa were. Even though Nuwa dodged quickly, it still made a bloody hole in Nuwa's snow-white and firm leg.
Nuwa's expression did not change. She did not even frown. This injury was not worth mentioning to her.
But Fuxi's brows were tightly furrowed.
Nuwa had been secretly comforting Fuxi, telling him not to be agitated and to wait and see.
But this kind of forbearance was not Fuxi's style.
"While the black clothed man is still here, let's attack together and kill" Kong "!" Fuxi transmitted to Nuwa.
Nuwa lightly shook her head. "Even if we can kill" Kong "together, there's still the Wu Kong Clan left. How do we deal with the black clothed man?"
Fuxi's eyes flashed with a trace of darkness that had not been seen in a long time.
He rarely felt depressed because other than the Three Pure Heavens, no matter if it was the Nirvana Realm or the mother world, there was no opponent that he feared.
But this black clothed man's strength was clearly on another level. Fuxi had no chance of winning against the black clothed man.
"There will be a chance." Nuwa's intelligent eyes carried a trace of a smile. Her voice also became gentle. "Huang Xi, you have to be more patient."
Even the irascible Fuxi would calm down when he heard Nuwa's gentle voice.
"Sky" might have grasped a way to resist the Qingping Sword.
As long as there was a flash of green light, there would be a small space in front of it, and the green light that pierced tens of thousands of feet would be deflected by the refraction of space.
"Swish swish swish swish swish …"
However, the green light was simply too deadly. It could extend through several or even dozens of great continents. All living beings in the path of the green light would suffer a calamity.
On the other side of Li Hu Province, the warriors of Heavenly Palace were still confronting the warriors of You Xiong and Shen Nong.
The previous battle had come to a halt because of the appearance of "Void" and "Ji". These Chaotic Origin Realm and Sacred Soul Realm experts naturally understood that once a higher level expert appeared, their battle had lost its meaning.
By the time the higher-level powerhouses were determined, the battle would naturally be over.
But after a short while, "Ji" suddenly disappeared, and after a while, there were strands of terrifyingly powerful green light shooting everywhere.
These Sacred Soul Realm and Chaotic Origin Realm experts did not have a fleshy body as strong as Nuwa's. It was still fine if they were struck on their limbs since they would only lose an arm or a leg. But if they were struck on their chest, dantian, or brain, they would be crippled or even die …
The two parties that were originally facing each other in midair retracted their hostility tacitly. They descended and dodged. Even though this sort of dodging was meaningless since the green light could practically pierce through anything in its path.
"Swish!"
"Pa!"
A green light that pierced through the sky struck the surface of Luo Zheng's body. This green sword light that could pierce through anything had finally met an existence it could not pierce through.
After this green sword light was blocked by Luo Zheng's fleshy body, it turned into a pool of liquid that flickered with green light. But this liquid did not exist for long before it was rapidly absorbed by Luo Zheng's body.
Ji Xuanyuan placed Luo Zheng on top of his head with the intention of using Luo Zheng as a shield. As for whether Luo Zheng could block the green light, Ji Xuanyuan was not confident.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was still fine after being struck by the green light, Ji Xuanyuan's expression changed once again.
This guy was really not ordinary …
"If you only know how to hide in the dark, you will be wasting your time." Sky slowly rotated. His eyes dissected the entire world into cubes, and the energy reactions within these cubes attracted his attention.
After all, he was the Child of Truth of space. After constant observation, he gradually understood how the black-clothed man did it.
In these thousands of space cubes, there were countless flickering figures. These flickering figures were the black-clothed man.
The black-clothed man did not disappear, but moved at an incredible speed!
According to the general rules of space, whether it was greater teleportation or instantaneous teleportation, it was to create a short-distance or even long-distance space channel, and then cross from one end to the other.
But the black-clothed man did not need this step. He could appear at any point and then disappear at another point …
Even "Sky" could not do such a thing!
"You can't refract all of my sword rays. There will always be a flaw. Three moves will be enough. Three moves and a Child of Truth will die. It's worth it." The black-clothed man's voice sounded in the space again.
As he spoke, the green sword rays released by the Qingping Sword became denser. Terrifying sword rays as thick as a little finger and as long as a little finger shot out in all directions like fine raindrops. With "Sky" as the center, they madly refracted in all directions.
In this way, Nuwa, Fuxi, Min Hu, and the other Immortal Realm experts were in even more danger. From time to time, they would be pierced by the flowing sword rays. It was almost impossible to dodge.
Only Ji Xuanyuan, who was holding Luo Zheng on top of his head like a natural shield, was safe.
"Cha!"
Just as the black-clothed man said, there would always be a flaw.
Although "Sky" could refract 99% of the green sword rays, after a long time, some of them would eventually slip through the net. One of the green sword rays avoided "Sky"'s refraction space and passed through "Sky"'s shoulder.
"The second move."
The black-clothed man's voice sounded again.
"Sky's" expression became very unsightly.
Just now, the black-clothed man said that he could kill him in three moves.
According to the destructive power of these green sword rays, not to mention three, thirty, or even three hundred moves would not cause any substantial damage to him.
But according to the black-clothed man's words, if he stabbed him three times, there would be other consequences? Or was it just a threat?
The Sanqing Heaven was a magical place. It had all kinds of strange and strange abilities.
"Sky" originally wanted to slowly contend with the black-clothed man to find a solution. But after feeling a sense of danger, a ferocious expression suddenly appeared on his face.
His eyes suddenly turned into strange blue energy bodies and exploded. At the same time, with him as the center, a huge square appeared in a radius of dozens of miles.

Chapter 3454
A space 30 miles wide, 30 miles tall, and 30 miles long was deleted from the entire chaos. This space was completely banished into the "Ji Deleted Space."
Because of the disappearance of the space, it formed a force that squeezed the space from all directions. Even the ground was pulled up 30 miles high. It was equivalent to creating a majestic mountain out of thin air.
Last time, when "Mountain" banished Luo Zheng, and then Luo Zheng quickly returned, it attracted the attention of "Sky".
The outside world thought that the Abandoned Ash Land, which was also the Ji Deleted Space, was controlled by "Sky". In reality, "Sky" could not affect anything in the Ji Deleted Space.
From the information left behind by some "Children of Truth" in the Nirvana Realm, that space should be controlled by "Sky". But in these hundreds of chaos epochs, the Ji Deleted Space should have undergone huge changes. The chaos ancient gods had completely lost control of the Ji Deleted Space.
The control of the Ji Deleted Space.
Sky did not know what exactly happened inside.
In short, he could only throw people and materials in, but could not delete living creatures and materials.
After Luo Zheng could safely return from the Ji Deleted Space, "Sky" also tried to invade the Ji Deleted Space, including throwing large amounts of "space" into the Ji Deleted Space, trying to regain control of the Ji Deleted Space and so on.
But all these methods failed.
"Sky" always felt that there was something strange in the Ji Deleted Space, but he could not track it or investigate it. It had always been a worry for him.
If he had not been forced to, "Sky" would not have chosen to delete the man in black. This was likely to be ineffective.
But since it had been deleted, "Sky" naturally seized this opportunity to take Luo Zheng away.
…
In the Ji Deleted Space, the man in black floated in the void, his brows furrowed.
He reached out and patted his head. "I was careless, I forgot about this move …"
Being banished to this godforsaken place was not a good thing for the man in black.
He originally relied on the Ring of Descent to descend, but now the light on the Ring of Descent was dim, as if it had lost contact with the Nirvana Realm.
If he was really trapped in this godforsaken place, it would be a huge problem for the Wu Kong Clan.
"Shouldn't the things in the Ji Deleted Space be completely destroyed? Why is this place … "
The man in black noticed an endless stretch of ruins floating in the distance.
Just when the black-clothed man was confused, two figures flew towards him. They were Jiang Ziya and Luo Nian.
When the black-clothed man saw Jiang Ziya, he was a bit confused at first. However, when he confirmed Jiang Ziya's identity, two balls of flames seemed to be burning in his eyes!
Even in the face of such a powerful Primal Chaos Primal God like Void, he was still as calm as a breeze.
However, when he saw Jiang Ziya, the anger that had been hidden deep in his heart for countless years was ignited. His killing intent was as boundless as the ocean.
Buzz!
The Qingping Sword pointed at Jiang Ziya, and a thin beam of green light shot towards him from afar.
Not long after Jiang Ziya and Luo Nian returned, there was a commotion in Jixue's space.
Because this was a common occurrence, he didn't take it seriously and directly brought Luo Nian to investigate.
Before he could see the black-clothed man's appearance, an extremely sharp green light shot straight at him.
When Jiang Ziya felt the power of the green light, his face turned solemn. He suddenly waved his hand and a golden whip rolled out like a poisonous dragon. It swept towards the green light that was coming towards him.
After the green light and the golden light converged, Jiang Ziya waved the golden whip in his hand continuously. The whip rolled out circles of small spirals and finally eliminated the green light.
When Luo Nian saw this scene, he was also surprised.
In Luo Nian's heart, Jiang Ziya was very powerful, much more powerful than his father.
Other than being useless in Xuan's space, Jiang Ziya had almost never met a match in Chaotic World. He had also never seen Jiang Ziya so serious.
Who was that guy? Why did he want to fight with Jiang Ziya as soon as they met?
Swish swish swish swish …
Beams of green light shot out from afar, and some of them even went straight for Luo Nian.
Jiang Ziya snorted and raised the golden whip in his hand. There was an explosion, which seemed to contain a mysterious roar. Then the long whip turned into an arc of golden light and lashed towards the green light.
The green light, which had always been invincible, became fragile in front of the golden light.
Every time a beam of golden light bloomed, a green light would be dispersed and turn into green lotuses that slowly dissipated in the space.
Swish swish swish swish swish …
Within three breaths, 36 beams of golden light bloomed, and 36 green lotuses appeared and dissipated …
The scene produced by this extreme energy confrontation was spectacular and magnificent. Luo Nian was fascinated by it. These energies were too terrifying. Even one-millionth of them could kill him.
He already felt that Jiang Ziya was very powerful. Now, Jiang Ziya had risen to another level in his heart.
All the green light turned into green lotuses and dissipated. The black-clothed man still didn't stop. He raised the Qingping Sword again and six black streamers appeared behind him.
There were thin black energy lines flowing in the patterns on the surface of each black streamer.
Six Soul Streamer …
Jiang Ziya's eyes twitched. He finally couldn't help but ask, "Uncle, are you really going to fight me to the death?"
The Qingping Sword in the black-clothed man's hand was still trembling. He drew a circle from top to bottom with himself as the center. The Six Soul Streamer moved without wind. An indescribable aura spread out from his body. At the same time, his voice was heard.
"How dare you call me Uncle?"
Buzz!
The energy in the Six Soul Banner suddenly disappeared, and the black energy gathered on the Qingping Sword. When the green light on the sword and the black energy intersected, the sword started to burn fiercely like a flame. Then, the black-clothed man rushed towards Jiang Ziya.
Jiang Ziya saw this and gently pushed Luo Nian. An invisible force pushed Luo Nian all the way out.
He didn't have time to protect Luo Nian in the face of such a powerful being.
"Some things have happened so long ago. Uncle, why do you keep thinking about it?" Jiang Ziya raised the golden whip in his hand again.
This golden whip was called the Holy Whip. It was made by the Lord of Heaven with Jiang Ziya's origin bloodline. It was also Jiang Ziya's natal weapon.
"Your master has said the same thing many times, but …" There was an indomitable coldness in the man's eyes. "It's all nonsense!"
The black-clothed man was Sect Leader Tongtian, who Luo Zheng had met.
Sect Leader Tongtian was the Senior Brother of the Lord of Heaven. Naturally, he was Jiang Ziya's Uncle.
Jiang Ziya originally didn't know if Sect Leader Tongtian was still alive. After all, when Chaos No. 77 completed its end, Jiang Ziya had been exiled in the space of Ji Mountain.
Initially, Jiang Ziya did not know what happened in the Nirvana Realm until Luo Zheng brought Jiang Ziya out of the Ji Mountain space. Only then did Jiang Ziya have a rough understanding of what happened.

Chapter 3455
In the 77 wheels of chaos, there was a huge conflict between the Jie Sect created by Tongtian and the Chan Sect created by Yuanshi Tianzun. The cause of the conflict was also related to the Path of the End.
In the end, Tongtian was defeated by Jiang Ziya, and even the foundation of the Jie Sect was destroyed.
After Tongtian led the group of people from the Jie Sect to the other side of the river, they disappeared without a trace. For hundreds of divine eras, neither Tongtian nor the people from the Jie Sect had ever shown up again.
It wasn't until the Wu Kong Clan suddenly appeared that Tongtian Sect Leader showed himself again.
The outside world knew nothing about what Tongtian had experienced and how he could become the leader of the Wu Kong Clan.
When Jiang Ziya arrived in the Center God Province, Yuanshi Tianzun reminded him that he must be careful if he encountered Tongtian. Tongtian hated the destruction of the Jie Sect.
At that time, Jiang Ziya did not take it to heart. He thought that a long time would be enough to erase the hatred of Tongtian Sect Leader. However, who would have thought that he would meet his Uncle Master in the space of Ji Mountain. It was as if they were enemies.
"Whoosh!"
With the Qingping Sword in hand, Tongtian charged toward Jiang Ziya.
The Six-Soul Banner in the distance swayed, and the black fire on the Qingping Sword burned even more fiercely.
Jiang Ziya knew how powerful the Six-Soul Banner was, and he also knew that Tongtian led the Wu Kong Clan to fight against the Meta-Spirit Clan. He was much stronger than before.
"Chaos God Whip!"
Jiang Ziya pulled out the God Whip as he retreated.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
As the whip danced, the void trembled. Transparent ripples spread out in all directions, distorting everything that entered one's eyes.
The God-beating Whip danced without any pattern, and the golden whip shadows disappeared into the void.
Then, the sky full of whip shadows formed a long and narrow dragon shadow that rushed toward Tongtian.
"Whoosh!"
Tongtian walked forward with the sword in his hand. The black flame on the sword was soaring high up into the sky, and all the golden whips that approached him were burned up by the black flame. Then, with the sword in his hand, he pushed forward.
When Tongtian was only a few feet away from Jiang Ziya, Jiang Ziya put away the whip, cupped his hands, and bowed to Tongtian.
The aggressive Sect Leader of Tongtian was confused by this scene. A cold light flashed in his eyes. "Do you think I will show mercy? Ziya, you're still so naive! "
"I don't think you'll be merciful. But it's not the time for you to fight me. I can only offend you," Jiang Ziya suddenly said.
"What …"
While the Prime of Tongtian was still confused, he felt the world spin. The next moment, he appeared in Li Hu State, back to the place where Sky had exiled him.
Jiang Ziya had complete control over Ji Deleted Space. In that space, his authority was even greater than that of the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods. Not only could he deal with the matter in Ji Deleted Space as he wished, but he could also find the same time node.
Although Jiang Ziya had the power to fight against Sect Leader Tongtian, Jiang Ziya and his master, Heavenly Lord Yuanshi, had the same mentality. Back then, they had defeated the Tribe of Jie because they felt guilty and did not want to fight with it.
After Jiang Ziya found the node of space and time, he simply asked Sky to come out of Ji Deleted Space.
After Sky exiled Sect Leader Tongtian, he floated down. He was worried that Sect Leader Tongtian would return, so he planned to take Luo Zheng away.
However, before he could go down, a wave of space came from not far away, and Sect Leader Tongtian appeared again.
Sky's expression changed slightly. Without hesitation, he slashed in the direction of Sect Leader Tongtian, and another space enveloped Sect Leader Tongtian.
Sect Leader Tongtian was still confused when he was sent out by Jiang Ziya. He did not understand how Jiang Ziya could do this.
While he was still confused, another wave of space enveloped him, and the space was deleted again. In the blink of an eye, he was back in Ji Deleted Space.
Jiang Ziya was speechless when he saw the Martial Uncle that he had sent away return.
What is this …
With Jiang Ziya's brain, he could guess what had happened outside.
Sect Leader Tongtian had descended through the Ring of Descent and fought with the Son of Truth, who controlled space.
However, Jiang Ziya did not expect that the reason why they fought was because of Luo Zheng.
"You'd better vent your anger on that Son of Truth …" Jiang Ziya murmured.
With a wave of his hand, Sect Leader Tongtian was sent out again.
However, the Void in the Li Hu Province was also on guard. The moment the Prime of Tongtian was sent out, he began to delete the space.
Sect Leader Tongtian did not have time to react. He was directly sent into Ji Deleted Space again!
Jiang Ziya was even more depressed. His Martial Uncle was indeed a very difficult person to deal with. The Son of Truth probably had no choice but to send him in. However, kicking the ball back and forth like this was not the solution.
"In that case, I can only seal Ji Deleted Space."
Jiang Ziya had been operating in Ji Deleted Space for countless chaos eras. He had taken over all the rights of Ji Deleted Space. He was fully capable of rejecting the Son of Truth's "deletion" of space.
However, Jiang Ziya needed the "matter" that was continuously sent in from the chaos. Through these "matter", Jiang Ziya could understand the things in the chaos.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Sect Leader Tongtian, who was sent into Ji Deleted Space again, used teleportation and instantly appeared in front of Jiang Ziya.
He raised his hand and attacked with his sword!
The Green Duckweed Sword's black sword light, which was as elegant as fire, went straight for Jiang Ziya's face.
However, Jiang Ziya's speed was still faster …
Before the sword could hit Jiang Ziya, Sect Leader Tongtian had already disappeared in front of him.
Then, Jiang Ziya turned around and looked at the "Ji Deleted Pillars" at the back of Ji Deleted Space. With a wave of his hand, some of the Ji Deleted Pillars were activated and then quickly dimmed.
The rules of the entire Ji Deleted Space had changed. There was a special space node at the front of Ji Deleted Space. This space node was controlled by Sky. However, Jiang Ziya had already changed it to be one-way. One could only enter and not exit.
Now, it had been changed to a state where one could neither enter nor exit …
After Sect Leader Tongtian was sent out again, Sky used space to envelop him again and at the same time, deleted this space.
However, this time, Sky gestured for a long time, but that space did not show any signs of being deleted …
The Sect Leader of Tongtian was also looking at Sky with a confused look on his face.
How could a Chaos Ancient God make a mistake?
"What did you do? I can't sense the existence of Ji Deleted Space! "Sky was shocked.
Losing the ability to "delete" was just one less trump card. However, the Chaos Ancient God's trump cards were far more than that.

Chapter 3456
The Prime of Tongtian was ready to enter Jixue's space again, but when he heard Kong's strange words, he frowned.
From Tongtian's point of view, the opponents on both sides were very important and needed to be dealt with by himself.
Jiang Ziya controlled Jixue Space, and when he expelled him, he could directly change the time node. This was even more amazing.
When he was being passed around, Tongtian's mind was racing. He even felt that it was more important to take down Jiang Ziya and was more inclined to attack him.
If he could replace Jiang Ziya to control Jixue Space, he should be able to earn a lot. Moreover, he could return to the Chaos along the time node!
"I didn't do anything. You can try again," Tongtian said in a negotiating tone.
Hearing this, Kong's expression became very strange. Then, he stared at Tongtian and sneered. "Are you mocking me?"
"I don't mean that," Tongtian said firmly. "I hope you can try again and delete me into that space."
Seeing Tongtian's sincere expression, the people on the black ship, Ji Xuanyuan, Fuxi, Nuwa, and the other Immortal Realm experts looked at each other.
Tongtian had a rough estimate of Jiang Ziya's ability.
Seeing that Kong did not seem to be lying, Jiang Ziya most likely closed the access to Jixue Space.
At the thought of this magical place, Tongtian became even more interested.
Sky couldn't understand what Tongtian was thinking, but he still tried several times. However, the space around Tongtian kept shaking, and he couldn't send him in at all …
After realizing that he had completely lost this ability, Kong asked in a serious voice, "What happened in that space?"
The Prime of Tongtian shrugged. "No comment."
Of course, he would not reveal Jiang Ziya's matter to Kong.
"I'll know after I kill you." Kong's voice became cold. He urgently needed to know what happened in Jixue Space.
All of a sudden, the square space around Tongtian became extremely solid.
Kong controlled the truth of space and could define most of the space in the Chaos. He defined the space in that square as a whole, including Tongtian.
"Whoosh!"
The whole square suddenly collapsed.
If it was a slightly weaker existence, such as an ordinary Sempiternal Realm expert, they would have been destroyed along with the cube.
However, the Grandmaster of Heaven had come prepared, so it was naturally difficult to defeat him with this move.
There was no sign of Tongtian except for the space fragments that were as solid as rocks.
A sense of danger rose in Kong's heart. Before Kong could teleport away, Tongtian appeared above his head.
The Hierarch held the long sword with both hands, like a pious swordsman. The tip of the sword was pointed downwards, stabbing towards Sky's head.
The blue light in Sky's eyes flashed, and the space above his head twisted. The long sword suddenly disappeared, and at the same time, it appeared beside Tongtian and stabbed towards his head!
After twisting space, the Prime of Tongtian tried to assassinate himself!
However, at that moment, the Grandmaster of Heaven's eyes flashed with the same blue light. The space in front of him began to distort. After the Qingping Sword stabbed into the distorted space, it appeared in Empty's chest.
"Pu!"
A dot of green light went from front to back, piercing through Sky.
Confusion appeared in Kong's eyes. He stared at Tongtian and asked, "Only I can do those space distortions. Why did you …"
In fact, many people could connect two points in space, but it was just to create a circular space channel. The same was true for the spatial distortion of "Void".
However, most of the temporary tunnels created by people were unstable. For example, Tongtian's casual sword had the strength of hundreds of thousands of Godly Jun. Only Sky could distort it.
However, Kong just realized that this black-clothed man could do it too. This made Kong fall into confusion again. Ever since he fought with this guy, many things had happened that Kong could not understand.
"Why can I do it too?" Tongtian said as he slowly pulled out his sword. The Qingping Sword was slowly pulled out from the two distorted spaces. It looked very strange. "Because the truth divine power is not unique to you. Or rather, through some special means.
I can also grasp the same means. Moreover, I can learn more from you … "
Kong's eyes narrowed slightly.
If the two of them were just testing each other, now was finally the time to lay all their cards on the table.
Tongtian's words were very clear …
He could deprive a Chaos Ancient God of his abilities!
Whether he could do so was still a question mark. However, he had indeed used the same space distortion divine power as Kong.
"Then let's see if you have the ability!"
Kong's voice became deep and ferocious. His face was still changing shape. His pair of human eyes began to distort, merging into a single eye. His teeth became sharp, and his head began to expand wildly. He was going to return to his original appearance.
Fuxi, the ship captain, Ji Xuanyuan, and the other Immortal experts knew that the two almighties were going to use their strongest forms. Kong would return to his original form, while Tongtian would use his Rage God Body.
The scene that they expected did not happen.
The Prime of Tongtian just stood in the air and stared at Sky with a mocking expression.
Although Kong's body began to change, his body quickly shrank back. It was as if there was a layer of invisible shackles on the surface of his body, firmly trapping him in his original form.
"Your human form is quite good. There's no need to transform into that ugly, one-eyed monster."
The Grandmaster of Heaven gently flicked the Qingping Sword, and three thin threads that were wrapped around Kong's body quietly appeared. The white threads quickly expanded and turned into three white jade chains. The other end of the chains was connected to a yellow sword in the Grandmaster of Heaven's hand.
This lock was extremely exquisite, and there were strange Sanskrit characters on both sides. This was Tongtian's other magic treasure, the Heart-Piercing Lock.
Tongtian had previously hinted that he only needed to stab Kong three times with his sword to kill him. These three stabs were enough to send the Heart-Piercing Lock into Kong's body. At this moment, Kong's entire body was sealed by the Heart-Piercing Lock. All of his divine powers were sealed.
He was unable to use the Rage God's power.
Kong appeared to be motionless, but in reality, there was an intense struggle going on inside his body. He absolutely would not allow himself to be sealed by a mere Heart-Piercing Lock. He could not accept that a mighty Chaos Ancient God would fail in such a simple task.
Tongtian did not care about Kong's actions. He pulled the white jade chains and slowly descended.
Since he had already trapped Kong, it was now the turn of the imposters below.

Chapter 3457
After Tongtian landed, he glanced at Nuwa, Fuxi, Ji Xuanyuan, and the others.
There was an indescribable hatred in his eyes.
Although these people were on different sides, and they were just clones without memories, when he glanced at their faces, an inexplicable hatred welled up in his heart.
Fuxi, Nuwa, Ji Xuanyuan, and Shinno, who was slowly recovering from his Faun form, could all feel this hatred.
Min Hu, who was standing next to him, was secretly relieved.
This man in black was full of resentment toward Ji Xuanyuan, Fuxi, and the others, but he was expressionless toward him. Perhaps …
While Min Hu was still rejoicing, Tongtian suddenly turned to look at him and said indifferently, "Those who have nothing to do with this can die first."
Swoosh!
The Heart-piercing Shackle in his hand shook slightly, and another thin chain came out of it and went straight for Min Hu. However, this chain was not white jade in color, but black in color. Its grade was obviously lower than the white jade chain that trapped Sky, but it could be used to kill Sky.
However, it was more than enough to trap Min Hu.
When Min Hu heard Tongtian's words, his expression changed. His body leaned backward, and he was sent flying at high speed.
The space in front of the black chain distorted, and in the next moment, it appeared in front of Min Hu.
Puff!
The black chain pierced through the armor that Min Hu was so proud of, and it went straight into his chest.
The moment the black chain entered his body, the Disillusionment Vanguard armor on Min Hu's body collapsed instantly. At the same time, Min Hu's vitality was rapidly draining away.
In the blink of an eye, Min Hu's vitality was completely gone.
An Immortal Realm expert had died in the hands of Tongtian just like that.
Tongtian Sect Leader suddenly swung the chain. Min Hu's body was lifted up and flew toward the black ship.
"I'll let you deal with the body," Tongtian said.
When Shen Tu, who was on the black ship, saw Min Hu, he almost drooled.
The ghouls she created were generally weak, so Shen Tu often had to modify his own body.
Now, Tongtian had rewarded an Immortal Realm expert. More importantly, Min Hu was still alive, and there were many opportunities to modify him. In Shen Tu's eyes, Min Hu was a rare treasure that could only be found by chance.
"Many thanks, Sir Religion Master," Shen Tu happily caught Min Hu, his big eyes intentionally or unintentionally glancing towards Fuxi.
His meaning was clear, Shen Tu wanted to obtain the corpses of these Immortal Realm masters.
If Shen Tu could really refine these Immortal Realm cultivators into Corpse Ghosts, she would be able to roam the Mother World unhindered.
After seeing Min Hu's fate, Ji Xuanyuan and Shennong's faces were extremely gloomy, while Fuxi and Nuwa were accumulating energy in their bodies.
The two groups of people who had been fighting each other not long ago had no choice but to join forces to fight against this person!
But this black clothed man's strength was too strange …
Not only did he have the Space Truth Divine Ability that was impossible to guard against, but he also had the Heart-Piercing Lock that could lock up almost everything.
Fuxi and Nuwa secretly exchanged a glance. Nuwa had already taken out a Ring of Descent.
After obtaining the Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit from Luo Zheng, Nuwa had naturally researched on the usage of the Ring of Descent.
At first, Fuxi had been eager to give the opportunity to Trigram Hound to obtain the Ring of Descent.
Trigram Hound was indeed powerful. He was Fuxi's close friend in the Three Clear Sky. In terms of strength, he was slightly weaker than Fuxi, but much stronger than most Immortal Realm experts.
Yet after obtaining the "Ring of Descent" after much difficulty, Li Shan was left with another Immortal Realm expert? This was not what Nuwa wished to see.
Hence, Nuwa gave a "Ring of Descent" to the "Barbed Crocodile Clan" in the Shang Clear Sky.
This Barbed Crocodile Clan was an extremely powerful Paramita Clan in the Three Clear Sky. But this clan was extremely xenophobic and did not care about worldly affairs. Even Genryū did not dare to provoke them, much less enter their territory.
A long time ago, Nuwa had once saved a young Barbed Crocodile, earning the friendship of the Barbed Crocodile Clan.
The Barbed Crocodile Clan Head agreed to Nuwa's request and was willing to help Nuwa once during crucial moments to repay her kindness.
Unless it was absolutely necessary, Nuwa would not choose to descend.
But Nuwa did not expect that after watching the tigers fight, "Kong" had surrendered, and the lives of these Immortal Realm experts were in danger …
As for Fuxi, his eyes were still blazing with fighting spirit.
In Fuxi's opinion, apart from the Heart-piercing Lock and a few minor Theurgies in the Truth of Space, this guy had nothing to fear. If he really went all out, he might still have a chance.
Just as Fuxi and Nuwa were about to attack, the forehead of Ji Xuanyuan, who was carrying Luo Zheng, suddenly split open. At the same time, a hearty laugh sounded.
"Tongtian, why are you in such a hurry to descend?" It was Genryū Ah-Huo's voice.
Tongtian was not surprised to hear this voice. He and Genryū had been fighting for hundreds of chaos epochs. It would be strange if the Meta-Spirit Clan did not appear.
"As far as I know, you don't seem to be able to descend?" Tongtian smiled.
"Because they are too stupid," Ah-Huo said.
"It doesn't matter whether they are stupid or not." Tongtian shrugged. "If you don't have any other tricks up your sleeve, you can shut up. I have already won this battle."
With that, Tongtian raised the Qingping Sword and was about to stab the eyeball on Ji Xuanyuan's forehead.
But at that moment, Ji Xuanyuan's expression changed. He suddenly revealed an almost charming smile, and a girlish voice came from his mouth. "Although we missed the Ring of Descent, it doesn't mean we don't have any other options.
Law Descend! "
"Feng!"
Ji Xuanyuan's hair instantly burst into flames. His eyeball emitted a golden light, emitting an aura similar to the Ring of Descent.
His appearance, demeanor, and aura skyrocketed at this moment. He had become a living example of "Ah-Huo" in the Paramita Realm.
Before Tongtian could react, Ah-Huo had already grabbed Luo Zheng, stepped forward, and threw Luo Zheng at Tongtian.
"Buzz!"
A blue light flashed in Tongtian's eyes, and he used Space Deflection to dodge the attack.
"Oh no!"
"Sect Master …"
"That Luo Zheng …"
When the people on the black ship saw this scene, they all reminded him, but it was obviously too late.
The moment Luo Zheng came into contact with the distorted space, he had already devoured the Truth Energy that existed in the space. The space returned to normal. Luo Zheng naturally slammed into Tongtian.
"Puff!"
The Prime of Tongtian was sent flying.
Ah-Huo glanced at Luo Zheng in her hand and was very satisfied with this temporary weapon.
"Fire, come!"
"Feng!"
Ah-Huo wanted to ignite a fire on this handy "weapon". For a moment, she forgot the characteristics of Luo Zheng's body. The flame only lit up for a moment before it was directly absorbed by Luo Zheng.
She just made a face that she didn't care. She stepped out and came to the other side of the space. Once again, she swung Luo Zheng.
"Bang!"

Chapter 3458
The ground of Li Hu Province looked like a rag. As the two of them fought, the rag began to roll, wrinkle, and tear apart.
The creatures living on the rag fell like weeds. They did not know what was happening, but they felt the sky collapsing and the earth sinking. Even a small number of people who knew what was happening had no ability to fight back in a battle of this level.
Even the boundary wall, which was so strong that it could only be broken by the full force of an Immortal Realm expert, was weak under the collision of the two of them.
Whoosh!
After the ground sank to the south of Li Hu Province, the entire ground was torn apart. A crack that was millions of miles long was torn open. Through this crack, one could see the scene in the Chaos.
The negative pressure caused by the crack attracted the Chaos clouds not far away. The Chaos clouds swarmed toward the crack.
If the creatures in Li Hu Province could only wait for death to come, the people of the Heavenly Palace still had a chance of survival.
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace who escaped were at least in the Nirvana Realm. The Chaos Qi was not a threat to them.
However, under the shock waves from the battle between Ah Huo and the Sect Leader of Tongtian, they would be severely injured if not killed.
"Everyone, run to the west!"
"If you're lost, go to Li Mountain!"
"Go to the west and cross the boundary wall!"
The originally indestructible boundary wall was now full of holes. It could no longer stop them from escaping.
Li Bianxue, Gan Gaohan, and the others quickly organized the disciples of the Heavenly Palace to cross the boundary wall.
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace were not the only ones who escaped. Even the disciples of the You Xiong, Shinno, and Minyue clans returned to their flying boats.
A battle of this level had completely disrupted their previous plan. However, as long as they ran to Li Mountain, they might still have a chance of survival.
Ji Xuanyuan's body was occupied by Ah Huo. Shinno had just recovered from the state of a faun. Min Hu was dead. They had no time to care about the lives of these Saint Soul Realm experts.
Whoosh …
Another crack was torn open on the ground. Thousands of huge pieces of soil were thrown into the sky. Each piece of soil was the size of hundreds of huge mountains.
A two-winged earth dragon was hiding in one of the pieces of soil. When it sensed the movement outside, it quickly escaped from the soil and realized that it had appeared high in the sky.
Even though the Double-Winged Earth Dragon's cultivation had reached the True God Realm, its intelligence was low. While it was still pondering over the reason, a wisp of flame flickered in its direction.
The flame itself was still dozens of miles away from it, but the heat emitted by the flame was transmitted over from that distance, instantly roasting it from the inside out.
The Sect Leader of Tongtian felt that Sky was a hindrance, so he stuffed Sky into another space magic treasure of his, the Fishing Drum. Both of them showed incredible flexibility in the series of battles.
Although Ah Huo had fused with Ji Xuanyuan's body through the eyeball, his strength was not affected at all. He was not at a disadvantage when facing the Grandmaster of Heaven!
"Tongtian, ah no, Lord Hierarch! This is the second time Ah Huo has fought with you, right? Ah Huo feels that Lord Sect Master's strength hasn't improved! "Ah Huo said with a light smile.
The Tongtian Sect Leader's face suddenly became calm, but his heart was secretly shocked.
In terms of real strength, the Sect Leader of Tongtian and Mu Ling were almost the same. The several times they fought had already proved this point.
However, although Ah Huo was the third most powerful person in the Genryū, his strength was quite far from Mu Ling's. At least at that time, the Sect Leader of Tongtian did not take him seriously.
It had only been a few chaos eras, but he had grown to such a level?
"Whoosh!"
Just as the Sect Leader of Tongtian was pondering, Ah Huo swung Luo Zheng in front of him again.
It had to be said that Luo Zheng in this state was indeed a very perfect weapon.
The Sect Leader of Tongtian had several trump cards that were restrained by Luo Zheng. In Ah Huo's hands, Luo Zheng was a special weapon that could absorb all kinds of energy. The point was that he could not be damaged!
Now that the Sect Leader of Tongtian was in a passive situation, Luo Zheng had some credit.
After Fuxi and Nuwa regained their freedom, they had already flown to the southwest of Hu Province. The two of them did not leave.
"I thought I was the strongest in the chaos, but two monsters appeared so quickly …" Fuxi looked at the Sect Leader of Tongtian and Ah Huo in the sky and said resentfully.
"They are old monsters who have lived for countless chaos eras. Of course you can't compare to them." Nuwa's eyes were full of calmness.
The Wu Kong Clan and the Meta-Spirit Clan were determined to get Luo Zheng, and so was Nuwa. Now that they were not strong enough, they could only use their wits to get them.
Fortunately, the Sect Leader of Tongtian and Ah Huo had not decided the winner, so they still had a chance.
On the black ship …
The boatman did not observe the battle above.
If the Sect Leader of Tongtian was defeated, the black ship would have no meaning to exist. He only needed to wait for the result.
In comparison, he had more meaningful things to do.
"Buzz!"
Two more Rings of Descent were activated.
The other two members of the Wu Kong Clan appeared in front of the boatman.
One of them was the Sect Leader of Tongtian's disciple, Fairy Yunxiao, and the other was Evil Deities.
Evil Deities, who descended again, glanced at the members of the black ship and only snorted.
"Boy, what do you mean?" The bronze man's face immediately became gloomy.
The people of the black ship were not kind people.
Evil Deities was able to grow so fast and get rid of Luo Zheng to enter the other side. It was all thanks to the black ship.
But this guy had only risen for a few days, and he was already arrogant.
"Don't bother with him. He was like this when he was weak," Shen Tu said and smiled at Evil Deities.
Evil Deities then smiled at Shen Tu as if they were old friends who had not seen each other for a long time.
He was able to stay on the black ship because of Shen Tu, and Shen Tu showed a considerable degree of patience.
"Where is the evil incarnation?" Fairy Yunxiao asked.
"Come with me, Fairy," the boatman said and nodded to Xiao Lan.
Xiao Lan gently spread her hands, and an invisible space ship enveloped everyone. The next moment, they appeared on the west side of Li Hu Province, where Li Shan and the You Xiong Clan first fought.
When Shinno was chasing the missing ship, he had consumed too much of Gui Qing's strength. Now, Gui Qing was very weak.
Fortunately, he was bound to Li Hu Province. As long as Li Hu Province was not completely destroyed, he would not die.
"Buzz!"
The missing ship descended.
The people of the black ship, Evil Deities, and Fairy Yunxiao appeared in front of Gui Qing.
Gui Qing raised his head and his gaze fell on Shen Tu and Evil Deities.
He felt a different emotion from Shen Tu, and this emotion seemed to be related to him.
And Evil Deities, who had an arrogant face and proudly puffed out his chest, looked at him as if he was looking at himself.
"What do you want?"
Seeing Hei Chuan and the others coming aggressively, Gui Qing knew that they were up to no good.
However, Gui Qing had no sense of belonging to the You Xiong Clan. In principle, he was like a drop of oil floating in the water. It was impossible for him to join any force.
If he was forced to join the black ship …
"This is the incarnation of the evil will of the mother world. You have to swallow him," Shen Tu pointed at Gui Qing and said.

Chapter 3459
Just as Gui Qing was about to struggle, Fairy Yun Xiao waved her horsetail whisk at him.
When the horsetail whisk touched Gui Qing's face, Gui Qing felt his body stiffen.
He wanted to say something, but his mouth remained open. He could not say a word.
"How? Eat him? "Evil Deities looked at Gui Qing and laughed.
Although Evil Deities could not eat human flesh directly, he was very satisfied with Gui Qing.
Gui Qing's aura was almost exactly the same as his. This guy was very suitable to be a part of him.
"Don't you have the ability to devour souls?" Fairy Yun Xiao looked at him strangely.
Shen Tu nodded. "Just absorb his soul."
Gui Qing's body was secondary. The most important thing was to fuse with Gui Qing's soul.
Then, Fairy Yun Xiao stretched out her hand toward Gui Qing's forehead. A faint green light was released from her palm.
Gui Qing could not resist. He only felt a terrifying force coming from Fairy Yun Xiao's hand. His eyes rolled back, and his body trembled involuntarily. Soon, Gui Qing's soul was dragged out of his body.
Usually, a certain form of soul was the same as the body. There were very few exceptions.
However, Gui Qing's soul was very unique. It looked like a cat with its fur standing on end. His body was filled with soul spikes. He struggled wildly in Shen Tu's hand.
Under Fairy Yun Xiao's control, his physical body could not break free, let alone his soul.
Slap!
Fairy Yun Xiao dragged Gui Qing's soul and slapped it into Evil Deities' mind. Gui Qing's soul was stuffed into Evil Deities' mind.
Gui Qing's soul was not weak. At least, he could fight against Evil Deities.
However, Fairy Yun Xiao did not plan to help. She let Evil Deities deal with Gui Qing in his mind …
"Will it be dangerous?" Shen Tu asked.
"So what if it's dangerous?" Fairy Yun Xiao shrugged, looking indifferent.
Seeing Fairy Yun Xiao's indifferent expression, Shen Tu calmed down.
Actually, the Wu Kong Clan's attitude toward Evil Deities was similar to Gui Qing. They were both incarnations of evil and were destined to not be loyal partners of the Wu Kong Clan.
In the end, the Wu Kong Clan needed this identity of theirs, but it made no difference who was in charge.
However, facing Gui Qing, who he had a dispute with, Shen Tu's mentality was naturally very complicated.
"Moreover, we have already given so many Evil Deities. If we can't even deal with Gui Qing, who has just revived, we might as well support him," Fairy Yun Xiao said.
Suddenly, a pained expression appeared on Evil Deities' face. Their facial muscles began to twitch, making all sorts of strange expressions.
After a few breaths, Evil Deities closed their eyes and calmed down.
After a while, the Evil Deities finally opened their eyes. Their pupils were as deep as an ancient well, so deep that one couldn't see the bottom.
"You won?" Shen Tu asked.
Shen Tu still felt that these were Evil Deities, but the eyes of these Evil Deities were filled with many inexplicable meanings.
Evil Deities stretched his body and looked at Shen Tu with a strange look in his eyes, "I unearthed some strange memories."
"What strange memories?" Shen Tu asked, puzzled.
Evil Deities suddenly reached out and wiped Shen Tu's face. He pulled her straight black hair in front of his face and sniffed it. He frowned and said, "It's still a strong corpse stench. Why does that guy think it's fragrant?"
"You, why do you have memories of the past?" Shen Tu frowned. His porcelain-white face had a hint of redness.
The other Black Ship members also understood.
Evil Deities' action was what Gui Qing used to do to Shen Tu. However, Evil Deities obviously didn't like the corpse stench on Shen Tu like Gui Qing did.
Evil Deities shrugged, "I found some dusty memory fragments when I fused with his soul. I guess this guy doesn't even know about the existence of these memory fragments."
After the incarnation of the evil will reappeared, the memories of the previous life should have disappeared. This was almost the same view in the Mother World, because the flames of memory had completely disappeared.
But now it seemed that Gui Qing's memories of the previous life had been preserved through some method.
"That's not important. What's important is how much influence you have on the Mother World," Fairy Yun Xiao next to him asked.
Controlling the Mother World was equivalent to controlling the core of the Chaos. Many Immortal Realm powerhouses thought so.
But controlling the largest Land of Origin in the Chaos was easier said than done!
What's more, no incarnation had ever appeared in the Land of Origin. In theory, it was impossible to control.
However, many Land of Origin gave birth to the incarnation of the evil will. For example, the Land of Origin in Luo Zheng's body was so small, but it still gave birth to the Evil Deities.
Whether it was the Black Ship or the You Xiong Clan, the purpose of cultivating the incarnation of the evil will was the same. They wanted to control the Mother World through them.
"My influence on the Mother World …"
Evil Deities narrowed his eyes and looked at the World Wall not far away.
After he swallowed Gui Qing's soul, he felt that the tattered World Wall had a connection with him.
Evil Deities stretched out his hands towards the World Wall …
The translucent, amber-colored boundary wall suddenly started flowing like melted honey.
Under the control of Evil Deities, the World Wall that stretched for hundreds of miles quickly collapsed and flowed …
At this moment, the faces of Shen Tu and the others from the Black Ship changed. Even Fairy Yun Xiao was surprised.
When Gui Qing was born, he was also carefully cultivated by the Black Ship.
At that time, Gui Qing told the people of the Black Ship that he felt there were a total of five stages to improve himself.
When Gui Qing reached the second stage, he could already merge himself with the World Wall and open and close the World Wall of the Mother World …
He said that when he reached the third stage, he could control the World Wall at will. At that time, his strength would increase by another level. Even an Immortal Realm powerhouse would find it difficult to be his enemy.
Unfortunately, Gui Qing had already rebelled when he was about to step into the third stage. In the end, he was killed by the joint forces.
The second Gui Qing was cultivated by Ji Xuanyuan. He was still in the early stage of the second stage. In the end, he was directly swallowed by Evil Deities.
Logically speaking, even if Evil Deities merged, they could only reach the second stage at most. But now, Evil Deities' performance exceeded the expectations of the Black Ship.
Whoosh!
At this moment, a loud whistling sound came from the sky.
The Grandmaster of Heaven was once again smashed down by Ah Huo from the sky, and he happened to fall in the direction of the World Wall.
When Evil Deities saw this scene, a black light flashed in its eyes, and it stretched out its hand.
The World Wall that was originally flowing like liquid suddenly began to condense and turn into a long spear!
A section of the World Wall that was hundreds of miles wide condensed into a nine-foot-nine long spear. Its strength was almost unimaginable!
After Ah Huo smashed the Grandmaster of Heaven down, his figure flashed and he chased after him.
With Ah Huo's instantaneous teleportation speed, even Fairy Yun Xiao would find it difficult to catch him, let alone ordinary Immortal Realm powerhouses.

Chapter 3460
Ah Huo didn't expect anyone else to attack.
In Ah Huo's eyes, other than Tongtian and the Chaos Ancient Gods, no one else could fight.
After teleporting, she was ready to pounce to the left. That was where the Prime of Tongtian had fallen.
Who knew that as soon as she got out of the spatial passage, a long spear would come at her!
"Boom!"
The long spear was extremely sturdy, and the power it contained was not weak.
Under such a bombardment, Ah Huo was directly smashed back into the spatial passage.
The spatial passage couldn't withstand Ah Huo's impact and was directly shattered by her. The area where she was sent flying was immediately covered with spiderweb-like spatial cracks.
Evil Deities' hand made a circle in the air, and the long spear formed by the boundary wall also flew a few rounds in the air.
"Whoosh …"
After the long spear adjusted its direction, it shot toward Ah Huo again.
Ah Huo was caught off guard. When she reacted and looked at the long spear again, her face was blooming with a fierce light.
"Whoosh!"
She swung her hand backward, and Luo Zheng returned and smashed the long spear hard.
Ah Huo was surprised that the long spear didn't shatter, but that was all. When she was fully focused on defense, the long spear didn't pose any threat to her.
However, the moment Ah Huo smashed the long spear to the side, Tongtian had already appeared behind Ah Huo.
"Buzz!"
A dot of green light bloomed, and a thin chain was faintly contained within the green light. It was the Heart-Piercing Lock.
As long as three Heart-Piercing Locks were planted, the battle would be over.
However, Ah Huo's speed and strength far exceeded Tongtian's expectations. After that round of battle, Tongtian was completely at a disadvantage.
Just as he was about to be defeated, the long spear suddenly appeared to help him.
Tongtian's sword had already pierced Ah Huo's body. Just as he was about to plant the first chain, Ah Huo's body suddenly underwent a drastic change.
Her eyes, ears, mouth, and nose spewed out flames, and most of her body turned into flames. The flames wrapped around Luo Zheng and quickly moved to the side.
This scarlet flame was Ah Huo's true form.
Genryū lifeforms had no concept of lifespan. From the moment they were born, they would constantly grow stronger, and the process of growing stronger was often through devouring each other.
For Ah Huo to grow to this point, it was unknown how many fire spirits of the same race she had devoured. She herself was the amalgamation of various forms of fire energy.
Huo also sensed the power of the Sect Leader's sword and wanted to transform into his true form to avoid it.
However, she had forgotten that she was carrying Luo Zheng's energy black hole.
"Hua!"
All the flames that came into contact with Luo Zheng were rapidly absorbed by Luo Zheng!
Ah Huo sensed that her body was being absorbed by Luo Zheng. Her face darkened in the flames, but thinking that the amount of energy Luo Zheng could absorb might be limited, she endured it.
But in the next moment, when she felt Luo Zheng's crazy absorption speed, she finally turned pale with fright. If she continued to be in contact with Luo Zheng, she was afraid that her whole body would be absorbed by Luo Zheng …
[What's wrong with this kid …]
After descending into Ji Xuanyuan's body, Ah Huo suppressed part of her energy.
Even an Immortal Realm expert couldn't withstand the outburst of her energy.
However, Luo Zheng absorbed it directly. This was too exaggerated and unreasonable …
In desperation, Ah Huo could only give up on Luo Zheng. At this time, Luo Zheng had already absorbed more than a third of Ah Huo's body.
In the Eternal Godly Court, more than thirty light pillars suddenly rose from the diagram surrounding the Holy Grail!
The various types of fire energy were mostly destructive, and the light pillars that rose were all in the destruction quadrant. Only a few of them were in the creation quadrant and the life quadrant.
The four bronze statues were already numb to the light pillars that rose from time to time. The kid in the cup was clearly different from any other lifeform they had seen before.
But now, more than thirty light pillars had suddenly appeared, shocking them once again.
"This guy is a monster …"
"Is he trying to create a miracle?"
"Even the pillar man hasn't reached this step!"
After a series of shocks, they became more and more expectant of Luo Zheng.
…
"Whoosh …"
After dodging the Sect Leader's sword, Ah Huo condensed again. As soon as she took shape, Ah Huo's figure flashed, and she grabbed at the falling Luo Zheng.
But how could the Sect Leader let Ah Huo succeed so easily? The Qingping Sword trembled slightly, and a green light shot straight at Ah Huo like a poisonous snake.
Ah Huo was about to grab Luo Zheng again, but the green light was right between her and Luo Zheng.
Ah Huo clenched her teeth and had to withdraw her hand. Then, she used Space Diversion again. This time, she appeared on the other side of Luo Zheng.
However, the Sect Leader did the same. The Qingping Sword trembled again, and a green light blocked Ah Huo's momentum again.
While the two of them were fighting, Luo Zheng was falling at a rapid speed.
The moment Luo Zheng was about to hit the ground, a figure poked his head out of the spatial fluctuation. A pair of hands suddenly appeared, grabbed Luo Zheng, and dragged him into the spatial tunnel.
The Sect Leader of Tongtian and Huo were stunned when they saw this.
"Fuxi!"
The Sect Leader's face turned gloomy again.
Because of Ah Huo, he didn't have time to take the lives of these two imposters. It could be considered as giving them a chance to live.
He didn't expect that not only did they not escape, but they also attacked when the two tigers were fighting!
How bold of them!
Just a moment ago, the Sect Leader and Ah Huo were fighting to the death. Now, they were both targeting Fuxi.
After Fuxi dragged Luo Zheng away, he immediately entered the spatial tunnel and flew rapidly through it.
With his speed, ordinary Immortal Realm experts couldn't catch up with him. Perhaps only the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods could match him.
However, Ah Huo and the Sect Leader were existences that transcended common sense. Their figures flashed, and they also entered the spatial tunnel, chasing after Fuxi.
Whoosh!
Tiny fire snakes bloomed from Ah Huo's hands. These fire snakes had their own intelligence. They flew through the spatial tunnel and pounced at Fuxi in front of them.
On the other side, the Prime of Tongtian also pointed out streaks of green sword light.
Seeing that the two's great divine abilities were rapidly approaching him, Fuxi flipped and blocked "Luo Zheng" in front of him.
Ta … Ta … Ta …
Whether it was the extremely sharp sword beams or the ferocious fire snakes, they all disappeared the moment they touched Luo Zheng. Now, Luo Zheng was really a handy protective magic treasure.
After chasing for a while, the two of them showed a surprised look on their faces.
Under such a chase, the distance between them and Fuxi didn't decrease. Instead, it increased!
"How can he be so fast?"
"It seems like something is dragging him …"
The Sect Leader and Ah Huo were puzzled. Even Fuxi couldn't travel at such a speed. However, they sensed that something seemed to be dragging Fuxi forward.
In the spatial tunnel, a thin beam of energy coiled around Fuxi's waist.
This red beam of energy was Nuwa's Shadow.
Nuwa's Shadow had a special characteristic — it could extend indefinitely. Now, Nuwa was dragging Fuxi forward at high speed from a hundred miles away.

Chapter 3461
This Cloud Spirit Lightsail came from the 33 Heavens and was an auxiliary Paramita Token.
In theory, with enough energy, the Cloud Spirit Lightsail could move infinitely fast.
This Paramita Token was not popular among the other Paramita Tokens in the 33 Heavens because it could only help people travel. However, Nuwa still insisted on fusing with it. Now, it came in handy.
Although the Cloud Spirit Lightsail was fast, it consumed a lot of energy. Nuwa could not maintain it for long even with Nuwa's Shadow.
However, even existences like Tongtian and Ah Huo had a limited range of their Divine Senses. They should be able to escape after putting some distance between them.
As they headed east, the distance between Fuxi and Tongtian and Ah Huo increased. Fuxi's expression finally relaxed a little.
All these years, no matter who he met, he would fight them head-on. Even the Immortal Realm experts in the mother world would avoid him. This time, however, he was forced to flee. He was very sullen.
Deep in his heart, Fuxi did not think that he could not fight them. However, since Nuwa had come up with a strategy, he could only escape.
When Fuxi's Divine Senses could no longer sense Tongtian and Ah Huo, he sent a voice transmission to Nuwa. "Did you shake them off?"
Although Nuwa was still in front of Fuxi, her Divine Senses' range was much larger than his.
"No, I'm afraid I can't shake them off with speed alone," Nuwa said calmly.
Although the distance between them was increasing, Tongtian and Ah Huo's tracking ability was not comparable to ordinary Immortal Realm experts. It would be difficult to shake them off in the same province.
After Nuwa finished speaking, she stretched out two slender fingers. Several small creatures appeared on her fingertips.
These creatures were very similar to jellyfish. They had a mushroom on top of their heads. There was a crack on the mushroom's surface and two small horns on the top. They looked like monsters making faces. Thin tentacles floated at the bottom, emitting a balanced light.
"Ghost Jellyfish's Mask, transform!"
The Ghost Jellyfish's Mask was a rare Paramita Token in the 33 Heavens. It could easily transform into the shape of other creatures. It was also an auxiliary Paramita Token.
Goddess Nuwa appeared as the incarnation of wisdom. She herself was extremely intelligent, and the True Meaning of Dao that she cultivated was also extremely plentiful. Hence, she had mastered a variety of assistive Nirvana tokens.
The auxiliary Paramita Tokens were not powerful. Most people would not want them to occupy a True Meaning of Dao. However, when many auxiliary Paramita Tokens were combined, they could often create a terrifying effect.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The Ghost Jellyfish Masks quickly turned into the appearances of Nuwa and Fuxi.
Like flying a kite, the fake Nuwa connected the fake Fuxi with Nuwa's shadow and sent him flying backward.
A short while later, Fuxi saw two identical copies of himself floating in front of him. The two of them were also holding a Shadow of Wa.
"Let's go to the south!"
After Nuwa finished speaking, she dragged Fuxi towards the south.
As for the other pair of fake Nuwa and fake Fuxi, they headed east and north respectively.
Ah-Huo and the Sect Leader of Tongtian, who were chasing after them, sensed the change in front of them.
Their Divine Senses could explore a very far distance, and they could easily sense things within the range of a large province.
However, after a certain distance, the target he had locked onto became very blurry. This kind of blurry feeling made it impossible for him to distinguish between the real and the fake.
Moreover, Nuwa's Ghost Jellyfish's Mask was enough to pass off as genuine.
Ah-Huo and the Tongtian Sect Leader were originally quite confident, but when they suddenly found that the opponent had split into three, they immediately panicked.
Everyone only had a one-third chance. If the other party found the real body, it would mean that they would fail. This was a probability that was hard to accept.
"Fractal pursuit …" Huo frowned.
Ah Huo could create several identical copies of herself. If there was no Tongtian, she could do so. However, one-third of her body had just been absorbed by Luo Zheng. If she created a few more copies of herself, she was afraid that Tongtian would deal with her.
Completely clean.
The Prime of Tongtian had the same concern. He had a unique secret skill that could create a powerful guard for himself. The guard would have 50% of his strength, but the negative effect was that his own strength would be reduced by half.
After flying parallel to each other for a while, the two finally chose to go their separate ways.
Ah-Huo chased the two copies in the north, while the Prime of Tongtian chased the two copies in the east. As for the one in the west, no one cared about it.
Luck was on the side of Nuwa and Fuxi, so they went west.
After sensing the change of direction, Nuwa breathed a sigh of relief. "This way, they will be farther and farther away from us."
She had injected a huge amount of energy into the two Cloud Spirit Lightsails, which was enough for them to fly a certain distance. When they found out the real one, they should not be able to turn back.
After splitting into three groups, Ah-Huo and the Prime of Tongtian both sped up. They wanted to confirm the real one as soon as possible.
However, after a certain distance, the speed of the target they were chasing decreased significantly.
"Fake?"
Ah-Huo frowned and quickly turned her attention to the target that the Prime of Tongtian was chasing.
The Prime of Tongtian also found that the speed of the target he was chasing decreased, so he also paid attention to Ah-Huo's target.
Both of them reacted in an instant and changed their direction to the north. At this time, Fuxi and Nuwa had already approached the border of Lihu Province.
Once they got out of Lihu Province, they would have a chance to escape!
Nuwa and Fuxi were getting more and more optimistic. If they could take Luo Zheng away, it would be a great success.
However, just as the two of them were about to reach the boundary wall, a long spear suddenly shot out from the boundary wall in front of them.
The appearance of the long spear was very sudden.
With Nuwa's vigilance, she would have taken into account any possible obstacles in front of her. However, she ignored the boundary wall and the Evil Deities that could control the boundary wall and investigate the entire Lihu Province.
"Boom!"
The spear shot out at high speed, penetrating the space passage and hitting the Cloud Spirit Lightsail.
The Cloud Spirit Lightsail was an excellent auxiliary Nirvana Realm Token. However, this Nirvana Realm Token was originally very fragile, so it was shattered by the long spear. Nuwa rolled to one side and stopped abruptly.
Soon, Fuxi, who was following behind, also caught up. He stared at the boundary wall in front of him and asked, "What happened?"
The existence that could stop Nuwa was definitely not weak.
"There." Nuwa reached out and pointed.
Not far away, the boundary wall flowed like amber liquid and turned into the appearance of Evil Deities. The highly condensed long spear had returned to his hand.
"It's not enough to devour one. The other must be left behind." Evil Deities pointed at Luo Zheng who was on Fuxi.
"Do you want to die?"

Chapter 3462
The true body of Evil Deities was still hundreds of thousands of miles away, with the people of the Black Ship.
After devouring Gui Qing, he was constantly exploring his own body.
He could sense the existence of the Mother World, but it did not respond to him. His current strength was not enough to support him to use the power of the Mother World, so he was limited to only one state.
Even if he only relied on one state, Evil Deities' combat power was increased by a level.
Not only did he accurately block Nuwa, but he could also use the Realm Wall to face such a powerful existence.
"I'm not going to die. You can't kill me," Evil Deities sneered.
If it were any other human junior facing Fuxi, even if they had a unique advantage, they would have restrained their arrogance.
However, Evil Deities was a fearless person. He did not even take the Human Sovereign seriously.
"Then go to hell!"
"Boom!"
The Eight Trigrams Seal suddenly exploded on the surface of Evil Deities, accompanied by a huge explosive force.
Evil Deities' amber body trembled. At the same time, the remaining Realm Wall of the entire Li Hu State also trembled. It actually took on Fuxi's attack!
Fuxi's face darkened when he saw this.
Evil Deities and Gui Qing could transfer power to the Realm Wall.
However, compared to Gui Qing, Evil Deities' method was much better.
When Gui Qing transferred power, he could only transfer the power to a certain part of the Realm Wall. That way, Fuxi could directly punch a big hole in the Realm Wall.
However, Evil Deities seemed to be able to evenly distribute the power to every part of the Realm Wall!
Although countless holes of various sizes had been blasted out of the boundary wall before, there was still a considerable distance of the boundary wall that was undamaged.
No matter how powerful the power was, it would be extremely weak if it was distributed to every part of the Realm Wall. Evil Deities could easily take on Fuxi's fist.
Fuxi did not know why Evil Deities suddenly appeared and suddenly had Gui Qing's ability. However, there was no doubt that this kid's method of using this ability was much better than Gui Qing's.
"It's not that easy to kill me, but it's much easier to kill you!"
After saying that, Evil Deities reached out with his hand to grab the translucent amber-coloured spear.
In fact, after the Evil Deities merged with Green Ghost, Kurofune did not order the Evil Deities to intercept Nuwa and Fuxi. The Evil Deities acted out of their own considerations.
On one hand, he could not forget about Luo Zheng. On the other hand, he wanted to take revenge for that arrow that shot him in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
With the personality of the Evil Deities, Fuxi would never forget how he had humiliated him in the past.
Now that Fuxi and Nuwa were being hunted down by Tongtian, the Evil Deities had to be dealt with together!
"Hu!"
Facing the Evil Deities with spears, Fuxi extended his palm again.
Boom!
As the Eight Trigrams appeared on the surface of Evil Deities, Fuxi's fist exploded on Evil Deities' body.
After receiving this punch from Fuxi, Evil Deities did not transfer the strength of this punch to the Realm Wall. Instead, he transferred it to the end of his spear.
That spear was originally aimed at Fuxi. When the strength was transferred, it was completely concentrated at the end of the spear.
When Fuxi's strength of several hundred thousand Divine Jun smashed onto the end of the spear, it was like a huge hammer smashing down. Evil Deities did not even make a throwing motion. Instead, the spear in his hand flew towards Fuxi at an unimaginable speed!
Fuxi did not expect that his punch would be exchanged with a spear. By the time he tried to dodge, it was already too late. The spear pierced through the right side of his chest, leaving behind a huge hole.
Evil Deities waved his hand, causing the spear to fly back into his hand. The spearhead was still aimed at Fuxi. He revealed an indistinct smile on his face.
As long as Fuxi dared to attack, the spear would definitely gain a huge amount of strength. Using one's own spear to attack one's own shield. This feeling was not bad at all!
At this moment, Nuwa's eyes flashed. She seemed to have thought of something. Her figure flashed, and she appeared beside Fuxi. She grabbed Luo Zheng from his back.
Then, Nuwa's figure flashed again. In the blink of an eye, she appeared in front of Evil Deities. Nuwa raised Luo Zheng up high and smashed down on Evil Deities' head.
Evil Deities was extremely close to Nuwa. When he saw Nuwa attacking him, he did not dodge. Instead, he turned his spear and pointed it at Nuwa.
Nuwa's strength had been transferred to the spear. The spear could still inflict heavy damage to Nuwa.
Evil Deities even thought that Nuwa was just trying to intimidate him. She did not dare to attack him at all.
However, when Luo Zheng's figure came into contact with Evil Deities and the spear, they quickly softened and turned into an amber liquid. At the same time, this amber liquid was rapidly absorbed by Luo Zheng.
In fact, this amber liquid was a kind of energy. The huge boundary wall was built by this kind of energy and the Law of Space. In essence, the boundary wall was completely built by energy.
Luo Zheng's body was not picky. As long as the energy level was not too low, he would basically eat it all.
Under this kind of contact, Evil Deities' clone and the highly condensed spear were completely devoured.
"Let's go!"
Nuwa turned around and looked at Fuxi with disdain.
Fuxi was sometimes too reckless. If he had come prepared just now, he could have used Luo Zheng to block the spear.
Fuxi shrugged helplessly and was about to set off again with Nuwa.
However, just as they were about to leave Li Hu Province, a spatial fluctuation came from the left and right in front of them. Then, Huo and the Sect Leader of Tongtian came out of the spatial passage.
"These two impostors look somewhat like the real me," the Sect Leader of Tongtian said slowly. "However, impostors are impostors. How dare you steal my things? You deserve to die!"
Huo also showed a slightly ferocious smile. "I hate being lied to the most!"
Fuxi frowned when he saw the two of them blocking his way. Then, he felt a sense of relief.
Since he could not escape anyway, he might as well fight to his heart's content!
"Impostors? Then I'll show you the real strength of impostors! "
Fuxi glanced at the Sect Leader of Tongtian. He reached out and grabbed the air. An Eight Trigrams Disc appeared in his hand.
He threw the Eight Trigrams Disc into the sky. The Eight Trigrams Disc grew in the wind and turned into a huge Eight Trigrams Disc that floated in the air.
As the Eight Trigrams Disc spun, Fuxi's aura changed greatly.
Even when he was fighting Ji Xuanyuan, Fuxi did not use all of his strength.
Now that he was facing someone who was more powerful than him, Fuxi had no choice but to use all of his strength.
Nuwa's shadow on Nuwa's body was also expanding. Countless energy beams like tentacles attacked the Sect Leader of Tongtian and Huo at the same time.
Although the energy of these Nuwa's shadow was terrifying, they were not fast. At least, the Sect Leader of Tongtian and Huo could easily dodge them.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
The Sect Leader of Tongtian and Huo went up and down. After dodging the energy beams, they rushed toward Nuwa.
A moment ago, they were fighting to the death. Now, they were temporarily fighting together.

Chapter 3463
The giant tail appeared very suddenly. By the time Fire and Tongtian reacted, it was already too late to dodge.
Boom!
Under the sweep of the tail, Tongtian and Fire both suffered a huge pressure and were smashed deep into the ground.
The enormous being floating in the sky was Ji.
The moment Ji appeared, he was sent to a desolate place by Sky. He used all his power to rush to Lihu State. As soon as he returned, he helped Fuxi and Nuwa block a disaster.
"Let's go. I'll deal with them …"
Ji's voice sounded like thunder.
"I'm afraid you can't deal with them alone," Fuxi said.
"How is that possible?"
Ji looked at Fuxi weirdly. He didn't know that Sky didn't even have a chance to fight back and was captured by Tongtian Sect Leader.
As soon as he said that, he felt an intense pain from his tail.
Whoosh!
A strand of black and red flame came out of the surface of the tail and formed a line of fire around it. The line of fire spread faster than Ji imagined. By the time Ji reacted, his giant tail was burned off by the line of fire!
At the same time, Fire's body started to expand rapidly. She turned into a giant of fire. Her beautiful face couldn't be seen anymore. A thunderous voice came from the giant face. "I didn't expect my first descent to cause so much trouble. Since that's the case, I'll deal with it all at once!"
Tongtian had been preparing for his descent for a long time. Fire's descent was Ji Xuanyuan's backup plan. Ji Xuanyuan himself strongly opposed the descent of taking over his body.
However, as the situation changed, Ji Xuanyuan finally chose to compromise. Therefore, Fire's descent was rushed. She didn't expect so much trouble to follow.
The continuous accidents finally exhausted Fire's patience. She wanted to deal with all the problems at once.
"Ha …"
A sparkling line of fire appeared in the distance. The line of fire spread as if it wasn't in space. Its speed was beyond people's imagination.
In the blink of an eye, the circle covered half of Lihu State. It even covered part of Dongzhu State.
"Elemental Destruction!"
"Make everything here disappear …"
Ah Huo spread his shoulders and roared at the sky.
Ice-blue lightning circled around Ah Huo in a frenzy. Countless bolts of lightning descended from the sky and tidied up the entire world …
After the lightning, countless clouds of flames fell, followed by ice spears that were hundreds of thousands of meters long.
Ah Huo was a fire spirit, or rather, an amalgamation of countless fire spirits.
However, Genryū clansmen who had reached Huo's level could all use their clansmen to cast "Elemental Destruction". Any elemental energy in the area would go berserk, and when Elemental Destruction was cast, it could destroy everything in the area.
This was one of the most powerful abilities of the Meta-Spirit Race.
Huo's idea was very simple. Luo Zheng's body could absorb almost all kinds of energy. Anyway, he couldn't kill Luo Zheng. Elemental Destruction could wipe out all the irrelevant guys.
When the Sect Leader of Tongtian saw this scene, his face turned extremely ugly. Was Ah Huo really crazy? Normally, Genryū would rarely cast Elemental Destruction.
Genryū weren't made of flesh and blood. They were all creatures formed of elements. Casting Elemental Destruction was equivalent to consuming their own flesh and blood. The side effects were unimaginable.
In the area of Elemental Destruction, Ji's body was the largest, and he was also the first to bear the brunt.
At first, Ji didn't think much of it. Although Elemental Destruction's power was shocking, it was very easy for an Immortal Realm cultivator to achieve such power after using his bloodline to the extreme.
He thought Elemental Destruction was on the same level as Nine Suns Apocalypse.
With his unparalleled healing ability, even ten Dijun's Nine Suns Apocalypse would be useless.
However, when the first wave of flames burned his body, Ji realized something was wrong.
His hard black shell was extremely sturdy, but when the flames burned, the surface quickly cracked and even burned …
Fortunately, the flames only swept past, but the following lightning was like countless little earthworms that drilled into his body, wreaking havoc in his huge body.
Hum …
A tender green light was released from Ji's body. The wounds on the surface of his body quickly healed. Even the tail that Ah Huo cut off recovered.
However, Elemental Destruction was an endless attack. According to Ah Huo's temper, he wouldn't stop until everything in this area was destroyed.
A bigger body would attract more attacks. After realizing this, Ji's body quickly shrank. After turning into a black scorpion the size of a human, he charged at Ah Huo.
'Ji' was a Primal Chaos Elder God who controlled the truth of life. He had three abilities to create life and three abilities to kill life. These three abilities all used poison.
However, this poison was completely different from normal poison. Right now, Ji's tail was flashing with yellow and green colors. This poison was called Analysis Poison by Ji.
Not only could this poison kill creatures, but it could also kill any substance …
As long as a substance entered the Analysis Poison, it would be decomposed by this poison. Even if it was soul or energy, these formless things.
Even though Ah Huo had turned into a huge flame, Ji still had a way to analyze it.
However, before Ji could get close to Ah Huo, countless Elemental Destruction energy swept towards Ji like a blizzard, forcing Ji to retreat.
Tongtian knew how powerful it was. He had already taken out the six-soul banner. At the same time, he placed the Qingping Sword in front of him and a pair of golden scissors appeared in his hand.
The scissors had a flood dragon coiling around it. It emitted a dazzling golden light. It was Tongtian's other magic treasure, the Golden Flood Dragon Scissors.
This Golden Flood Dragon Scissors could cut through almost everything. Any energy storm that got close would be destroyed by the scissors!
However, the power of 'Elemental Destruction' would increase gradually. The Prime of Tongtian was still able to resist it now, but as the 'Elemental Destruction' continued to grow stronger, he would have to pay a price if he wanted to completely resist it. However, the Prime of Tongtian was unwilling to pay this price.
The most miserable ones were Nuwa and Fuxi. Although they were in a group, they were relatively weaker. Their only advantage was Luo Zheng in their hands.
Fuxi stood in front of Nuwa and blocked Luo Zheng. At the same time, Nuwa used Nuwa's shadow to spread out a circular barrier to block the two of them.
He kept changing directions and tried to use Luo Zheng to block the elemental energy.
However, the attacks came from all directions. There would always be fish that escaped the net.

Chapter 3464
Surrounded by such dangers, Nuwa was also focusing her attention on the battle.
When the enchantment shattered, Nuwa would instantly cast another enchantment. This blood-red enchantment looked as weak as an eggshell, but it was once known as the strongest enchantment in the Mother World, "Red Heaven Enchantment."
However, when the second enchantment was cast, it only blocked the flames slightly before shattering.
Nuwa did not hesitate and cast the third and fourth enchantment …
She cast six enchantments in a row before barely blocking the surging energy.
In reality, Nuwa only blocked a small portion. Most of the elemental destruction energy was absorbed by "Luo Zheng."
"Walk forward, get close to the edge of this area," Nuwa said.
Fuxi instantly understood Nuwa's meaning. He dragged Nuwa to the side and quickly got close to the edge of this area.
Nuwa and Fuxi tried their best to get close to the edge before placing Luo Zheng in front.
The elemental destruction energy could only come from one direction. Naturally, it would be absorbed by Luo Zheng. The two relied on Luo Zheng to create a small safe area in this area.
Fire naturally noticed this. However, her main opponents were not these two people, but Tongtian and the Chaos Ancient God, "Ji."
"Both of you are showing off your abilities. Then let's see how long you can last!" Fire's voice echoed.
The elemental destruction energy had a total of seven levels. Fire had already adjusted it to the third level.
In this area, other than Nuwa, Fuxi, Luo Zheng, Ji, and Tongtian, there was no other living creature. Everything in this space was torn apart by the violent elements …
"Fourth level!"
"Hua!"
A huge wind pillar spun in the center of the space. Accompanying the wind pillar were lightning and flames. When the flames spun with the wind, it looked like a huge flaming eye from above!
When the flames surged towards "Ji," black multi-layer shells started to grow on the surface of "Ji's" body. These shells stacked on top of each other and were embedded together.
This kind of shell could greatly block the elemental destruction energy and protect "Ji's" body within.
Tongtian's face was calm. The golden scissors in his hand made cracking sounds, shattering all the energy nearby.
"Fifth gear!"
After activating Elemental Destruction to the fifth gear, Ah Huo's huge body shrank at a visible speed.
Ah Huo had descended through Ji Xuanyuan. Right now, not only was she exhausting herself, she was also exhausting Ji Xuanyuan …
Since she had already used Elemental Destruction, Ah Huo had no intention of giving up. She swore that she would not give up until she had burned all these fellows to ashes!
Nuwa and Fuxi were almost curled up together, while Luo Zheng was the canopy that sheltered them from the wind and rain.
The destructive power of the elements after the fifth gear was too terrifying. If it weren't for Luo Zheng, Nuwa and Fuxi wouldn't have lasted more than five breaths in such an environment …
Not to mention the two of them, even Ji and Tongtian were having a hard time.
If this woman used Sixth Gear, or even Seventh Gear, how terrifying would the destructive power of her Elemental Destruction be? He probably wouldn't be able to block it at all.
Ji just had this thought when he heard Ah-Huo's cold voice reverberate. "Sixth gear!"
With Sixth Gear, the power of Elemental Destruction had reached another level!
Ah Huo obviously couldn't hold on for much longer. Her huge body was shrinking rapidly.
But if she couldn't hold on for much longer, the others wouldn't be able to hold on for much longer!
"Pipa!"
A thin bolt of lightning drilled into Ji's body. This ordinary-looking bolt of lightning became extremely powerful under Elemental Destruction. The lightning easily penetrated Ji's multi-layered skin and came out of Ji's back.
Tongtian also looked very pathetic. Although he was barely holding on with a few heaven-defying magic treasures, once Ah Huo used Seventh Gear, the situation would become very dangerous.
The explosive power of various elements surged into Luo Zheng's body like a tide.
These elemental powers were the most basic energy. Under Genryū's countless years of operation, the basic elements had evolved into many different categories.
For example, Ah Huo's body was formed by dozens of flames. So after Luo Zheng absorbed one-third of Ah Huo, more than 30 light pillars extended from the atlas!
Elemental Destruction was Ah Huo borrowing the power of other Elemental Spirits. Each element included about 30 to 40 types!
In the Eternal Holy Court, the atlas under the Holy Grail started to extend uniformly. But this time, more than 130 light pillars extended at the same time!
The statues on the four pillars exchanged glances and fell silent. What was happening in front of them couldn't be measured with common sense.
However, the changes on the atlas had exceeded their expectations again and again, leaving them speechless.
…
"Seventh Gear!"
After using Seventh Gear's Elemental Destruction, Ah Huo didn't plan to take pity on Ji Xuanyuan. After releasing such power, Ah Huo's own strength would be severely damaged. Ji Xuanyuan's fate would be even more tragic.
A complete body.
But just as Ah Huo was about to use Seventh Gear, Tongtian suddenly flashed. A cube appeared in front of him. At the same time, another cube appeared in Ah Huo's body. At the same time, another cube appeared in Ah Huo's body.
Surrounded.
Three spaces merged into one. This was also a kind of magical power in the Spatial Truth.
Just now, the Grandmaster of Heaven had temporarily joined forces with Ah Huo, but now, he had no choice but to use the power of "Ji". The moment "Ji" was surrounded by the cube, he had already appeared in Ah Huo's body.
Without hesitation, he pierced through the cube and stabbed at Ah Huo.
Yellow and green energy quickly spread in Ah Huo's body …
This poison was extremely effective against souls and energy bodies, but it was much worse against living beings with physical bodies.
The poison spread wildly. Ah Huo's huge flaming body quickly collapsed, collapsed, and disappeared.
"You? You … "
Ah Huo didn't expect Tongtian to send Ji directly to her. She also didn't expect a mere Chaos Ancient God's poison to be so fatal.
In a short period of time, the poison had already spread throughout her entire body, and then it was completely dissolved.
When the poison spread to Ah Huo's head, Ah Huo finally realized that the situation was over. She suddenly looked up. A golden eyeball shot into the sky and then disappeared.
The next moment, the golden eyeball appeared in front of Shinno. After the golden eyeball appeared, a tattered body surrounded the golden eyeball. It was Ji Xuanyuan, who had been occupied by Ah Huo for a long time.

Chapter 3465
In order to protect himself, Ji had turned into an oval-shaped flesh cocoon.
The surface of the flesh cocoon was completely charred and carbonized.
After the elemental destruction stopped, the charred part cracked open and a pink body came out of the flesh cocoon. The surface of the body quickly hardened and turned into a shiny black shell.
It looked like Ji had returned to normal, but in fact, under the corrosion of the elemental destruction, Ji had overused a lot and was very weak.
Not far away, Tongtian's situation was slightly better. He relied on a few magic treasures to protect himself, but he still had to use a lot of energy to lock Sky with the Heart-Piercing Lock.
The consumption of the Heart-Piercing Lock was originally very little, but Tongtian had used a lot of energy in the elemental destruction. It was not easy to maintain the Heart-Piercing Lock now.
So overall, Tongtian was not much better than Ji.
In the distance …
After Nuwa removed the Red Heaven Domain, the two slowly appeared behind Luo Zheng.
Fuxi exhaled heavily, the corners of his eyes still trembling.
After he used the Eight Trigrams Seal, his power was the strongest in the mother world. He thought he had experienced all kinds of things in the Three Clear Sky.
But when the elemental destruction descended, Fuxi was shocked.
The range of the elemental destruction was not big. It was only about half of the state. But the restless energy in the state was far beyond Fuxi's imagination.
This was the power of the Elemental Spirit race?
"Let's go!"
Nuwa looked into the distance, then pulled Fuxi with her and used Greater Teleportation to open up a spatial tunnel. The two of them then entered it.
When Tongtian saw the two people running away in a panic, he smiled and was about to catch up with them.
The most troublesome "A 'Huo" was no longer here and "Ji" was extremely weak. Everything that followed was under his control. The Nuwa and Fuxi imitations were just two rats.
Whoosh!
Just as Tongtian made his move, Ji's tail stabbed towards Tongtian. The poison needle on the tail was glowing green. It was clearly another type of poison.
Tongtian, who had his back facing Ji, suddenly turned around. At the same time, he smiled. A green light flashed and hit Ji's tail.
"Cha!"
The tail was cut off again.
When the green light cut off Ji's tail, black flames spread over Ji's body.
It was definitely troublesome to kill a Primal Chaos Ancient God, especially an existence like Ji who possessed unparalleled vitality.
But this black fire was enough to make Ji suffer, at least it could stall Ji.
Facing the burning black fire, Ji had no choice but to grow more body tissues to isolate the black calamity that was difficult to extinguish. Indeed, he could not chase after the Grandmaster of Heaven.
Tongtian, on the other hand, entered the spatial tunnel and chased after Nuwa and Fuxi.
Not far away, the figure of the Evil Deities condensed once again on a realm wall.
The spear and body that he had condensed using the Boundary Wall had long disappeared in the elemental destruction. He watched Fuxi leave Lihu Province with Luo Zheng, and a trace of regret appeared on his face.
In Evil Deities' mind, it would be best for everyone to kill each other in the elemental destruction, while he would appear at the end and devour all of them, including the Prime of Tongtian!
Unfortunately, his wishful thinking did not come to fruition. Now, even Luo Zheng had run away.
Evil Deities was not sure if the Prime of Tongtian would be willing to let him devour Luo Zheng. If the Prime of Tongtian captured Luo Zheng personally, he might not let him devour Luo Zheng.
What made Evil Deities even more depressed was that his influence was only in Lihu Province. After leaving Lihu Province, the body formed by the Boundary Wall would disperse. Hence, he could not chase after Luo Zheng.
…
In the darkness, Luo Zheng saw that the mountain-like light spots were increasing in number, and they were getting closer and closer to him.
At first, these "mountain-like" light spots were irregular. But as the light spots increased, he gradually realized that these light spots seemed to be conveying some kind of message.
The light spot that was closest to him had a kind of violent energy gathered. As long as Luo Zheng's consciousness came into contact with the light spot, he would feel a strong burning sensation, as if some kind of flame was imprisoned inside.
The light spot on the far left had an extremely low temperature. It would freeze him if he got too close to it.
The energy contained in these light spots was very primitive and very pure. It was so pure that it did not seem like energy, but a kind of innate life.
Since Luo Zheng was imprisoned in this darkness, these light spots had been increasing. The speed of increase was sometimes fast and sometimes slow. Sometimes, there would be a few, and sometimes there would be dozens. The most exaggerated thing was that not long ago, there was an increase of nearly a hundred light spots in an instant.
At first, Luo Zheng could not figure out the pattern. But as the number of light spots increased, the pattern was revealed.
Some light spots contained the power of time and space. The light spots that were connected to each other also had the same attribute. The light spots of the same attribute were basically arranged neatly together.
There was a distance between these arranged light spots. Luo Zheng speculated that the light spots with similar energy had not lit up yet.
Do I have to light up all the light spots before I can leave this dark space?
But what is the basis for the light spots to light up?
Is it completely random? Or do I have to figure it out myself?
After entering this dark space, it seemed that there was nothing he could do. He could only wait here quietly.
…
In the Eternal Church, the four bronze statues began a heated discussion after a period of silence.
"There are already 186 light pillars. Do you remember the legend that once circulated in the Eternal Church?" the bronze bird asked the monkey.
"When the light pillar exceeds half, the Origin Bloodline will automatically complete?" the monkey asked.
"Yes, I remember! There is indeed such a legend! But at the time, I felt that it was impossible for such a thing to happen. Legends can only be legends! "the bronze man said excitedly.
In fact, when the bronze bird asked this question, the other bronze statues were very excited.
At the time, there were very few living beings qualified to enter the Holy Grail. And there were even fewer who could light up more than a dozen light pillars in the atlas.
When half of the light pillars were lit up, that is to say, when 187 light pillars were lit up, the remaining light pillars would be completely lit up.
Now, only one light pillar was missing.
What if the legend was true?
How powerful would the complete Origin Bloodline be?
The four bronze statues were very unified. If they could see this scene with their own eyes, even if they were destroyed, it would be worth it.
At this moment, Fuxi and Nuwa were still running wildly with Luo Zheng in the spatial tunnel.

Chapter 3466
The Qingping Sword silently tore through space. The wisp of green light came from the void and hit the Cloud Spirit Sail.
Whoosh!
The Cloud Spirit Sail was like a broken sail. There was a huge hole in the middle, and it collapsed from the inside out.
Nuwa and Fuxi had just accelerated forward, but now they suddenly stopped.
"These two imposters are quite capable," said the Grandmaster of Heaven unhurriedly. "But this is the end!"
The real Fuxi was someone that the Grandmaster of Heaven had once feared, but that was the real Fuxi!
Furthermore, after joining the Wu Kong clan, the Grandmaster of Heaven's strength had improved greatly. Ordinary Immortal realm experts were instantly killed in front of him.
Even the real Fuxi was no match for him now, let alone the imposters in front of him.
However, the two imposters were still tenacious. They exceeded the Grandmaster of Heaven's expectations.
The Grandmaster of Heaven raised the Qingping Sword, and its sharpness soared into the sky. A sharp aura that could penetrate everything was released from the Grandmaster of Heaven's body.
The moment the Grandmaster of Heaven swung his sword, an Eight Trigrams seal covered him.
Fuxi's punches were extremely fast. As long as the Eight Trigrams seal appeared, the fist beam would arrive at the same time.
Before the Grandmaster of Heaven could react, Fuxi's terrifying fist beam had already smashed into him.
Boom!
Caught off guard, the Grandmaster of Heaven was sent flying.
"Eight Trigrams seal!"
"Limitless Strength!"
Whoosh!
The Eight Trigrams plate above Fuxi's head spun, and countless Eight Trigrams seals of various sizes condensed on the Grandmaster of Heaven's body.
At this moment, Fuxi was like a ferocious beast that was charging at its prey. Every muscle in his body swelled, and his shoulder blades bulged like short wings.
Limitless Strength was one of the ultimate techniques that Fuxi unleashed after using the Eight Trigrams plate. He used the Eight Trigrams plate to squeeze out his bloodline, and for a short period of time, he could unleash three times his strength!
Nuwa, who was beside him, intertwined her fingers. A crimson light circulated, and countless treasure lights flickered on her fingertips.
"Dust Painting Faceless!"
Sizzle!
On the other side of the Tongtian Sect Leader, another black figure appeared. The black figure's appearance could not be seen clearly, but its appearance, aura, and movement were the same as Fuxi's. It was the faceless body.
This was the effect of Formless Dust. It could create a complete mirror image within a certain range, and the mirror image would have 100% of the original's strength. In other words, Formless Dust could double Fuxi's attack power.
The air was heavy for about a breath, and Fuxi paused for a moment. Then, his hands turned into countless shadows, smashing towards Tongtian at a speed that could not be seen clearly.
The Mirror Image Fuxi created by Painted Dust Faceless also swung its fists at the same frequency.
"Boom boom boom boom boom …"
Countless fist auras exploded when they came into contact with the Eight Trigrams Seal. The resulting shockwaves tore the surrounding space apart and then shattered the space into pieces of sand-sized fragments. When the sand-sized spatial fragments shot out in all directions, it looked like …
It was as if waves of smoke were dispersing.
Fuxi's fist punched out for the time it took for an incense stick to burn.
With the support of Limitless Strength, any one of his punches could severely injure an Immortal Realm expert. He would definitely kill an Immortal Realm expert within three to five punches.
In the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Fuxi had thrown out countless punches!
When the Limitless Strength was exhausted, the Eight Trigrams Seal floating above Fuxi's head dimmed. Fuxi's swollen muscles slowly shrank, and he returned to his nine-foot height. At the same time, he was panting heavily.
Under the explosive power, Fuxi's body emitted an immense amount of heat. If a piece of raw meat was placed on Fuxi's body, it would instantly be fried.
The sand-sized spatial fragments slowly dissipated and merged into space. Tongtian Sect Leader, who was in the middle, gradually revealed himself.
When he saw the Tongtian Sect Leader unscathed, Fuxi's eyes widened.
He knew that the Tongtian Sect Leader was extremely strong, so he did not hold back. Even if this round of attacks did not kill the Tongtian Sect Leader, it was enough to make him suffer.
However, the result was completely different from what Fuxi had imagined …
"Let me give you an evaluation." The Tongtian Sect Leader's lips curled up. "Horizontally speaking, you are among the strongest in the past several hundred Chaos Epochs. If the next Chaos Epoch exists, you are qualified to be the next Child of Truth.
！”
The Tongtian Sect Leader shrugged. "Unfortunately, there won't be a next Chaos Epoch."
Buzz!
The Tongtian Sect Leader suddenly raised the Qingping Sword. Countless green lights shot toward Nuwa and Fuxi like a storm.
These green lights were originally straight lines, so a considerable portion of them scattered. It did not seem like they were aimed at Nuwa and Fuxi.
However, when they were halfway through, a small square appeared in the Tongtian Sect Leader's eyes. Then, the straight green sword lights refracted.
After being refracted, all the green lights changed directions and went straight toward Fuxi and Nuwa!
"Dodge!"
Fuxi grabbed Luo Zheng with one hand and Nuwa with the other. Then, his body suddenly sank down.
Just as they dodged the green sword rays, the green sword rays refracted again. All of the green sword rays changed direction and shot towards Fuxi from top to bottom.
Unable to dodge, Fuxi lifted Luo Zheng again and placed Luo Zheng on top.
Da da da da da …
The green sword lights fell on Luo Zheng like dense raindrops. Luo Zheng was still like a black hole, absorbing all the energy of the sword lights. His body was not damaged at all.
However, because Luo Zheng had already absorbed the green sword lights before, no new light pillars rose from the Eternal Court.
Tongtian Sect Leader frowned slightly when he saw this. He shot out even more green sword lights. At the same time, the square in his eyes flashed. The green sword lights refracted in more complicated ways and shot toward Fuxi from all directions.
Luo Zheng danced in Fuxi's hands like a spinning wheel. Fuxi might not have a better way to deal with the Tongtian Sect Leader, but with Luo Zheng as an almost invincible shield, his defense was watertight.
Da da da …
No matter how many times the green sword lights refracted and how tricky the angles were, Luo Zheng took them all. He blocked almost all of them.
"It seems that the Sect Leader is exaggerating." Fuxi smiled and shrugged.
Fuxi and Nuwa were not sure of Fuxi's identity before, but after hearing Huo call him that several times, they had a rough idea of the Tongtian Sect Leader's identity.
Even though he was at an absolute disadvantage and was on the defensive, Fuxi did not panic. There was a hint of shrewdness on his smiling face.
The Tongtian Sect Leader's strength was obviously on the same level as the Chaos Ancient God. In order to defeat such an opponent, they had to constantly look for the few flaws in their defense!
As soon as Fuxi finished speaking, the smile on his face gradually disappeared. His expression became very serious again.

Chapter 3467
This magic treasure was Tongtian's most powerful magic treasure. When he held the hammer, the surface of the Purple Lightning Hammer was surrounded by terrifying electric snakes.
"Buzz …"
Under the flow of pure purple lightning, the aura it emitted made people hold their breaths.
Fuxi and Nuwa's pupils contracted. Obviously, they were extremely afraid of this Purple Lightning Hammer.
Tongtian did not hesitate at all. The two rats had been chasing for so long and had exhausted his patience.
When Ji extinguished the black fire and caught up, there would be more changes. He wanted to end this quickly!
"Boom!"
Tongtian raised the hammer and smashed it in the air.
In front of him was a stretch of nothingness. There was nothing there.
However, when he smashed the air, the hammer seemed to have smashed into an indestructible existence. It shook violently, and the huge recoil even made Tongtian take a few steps back.
Accompanied by a shocking explosion, countless fine bolts of purple lightning formed a thick lightning snake that shot towards Fuxi.
"Crack!"
Fuxi reflexively lifted Luo Zheng.
"Buzz …"
The electric snake spread on Luo Zheng's body and turned into countless purple electric flowers. In just a moment, he had absorbed more than half of the electric snake's energy.
However, after the lightning snake jumped on Luo Zheng's body once, the rest of it bounced toward Fuxi and Nuwa.
"Crack …"
This was the characteristic of lightning. When a lightning bolt was shot out, it would jump several times.
The remaining part of the purple electric snake's energy was also a great threat to Fuxi and Nuwa.
The terrifying energy burst out with the power of over a million Godly Jun, and directly knocked Fuxi away. The third time, the power of the electric snake was even weaker, but it still blasted Nuwa into the air. Her slender body crazily circled around, and then fell down heavily.
When Fuxi was sent flying, Luo Zheng's body also left his hand.
Tongtian wanted to grab the air, but the energy of the spatial fluctuation was instantly absorbed by Luo Zheng's body. How could he grab it?
He frowned and used greater teleportation to appear beside Luo Zheng. Then, he grabbed Luo Zheng and carried him on his shoulder.
After getting Luo Zheng, the Prime of Tongtian did not need to pay attention to Fuxi and Nuwa.
However, when he thought of the series of troubles that the two imposters had brought to him, a trace of anger rose in his heart. Holding the Purple Lightning Hammer in his hand, he charged in the direction where Fuxi had fallen.
…
Luo Zheng was still in a state of hesitation in the darkness.
Although he didn't know what he should do, he knew that he couldn't go on like this forever.
The appearance of those dots of light was definitely related to him, but the appearance of these dots of light did not depend on his willpower or perception.
After thinking for so long, he still couldn't think of a reason.
Buzz!
Another light spot lit up.
Luo Zheng's consciousness swept over the light spot.
It was just a dense lightning energy …
Luo Zheng's consciousness did not linger on this light spot.
In fact, the energy in each light spot here was pure and dense. As long as he could control one of them, he could obtain ten percent of the Origin's power.
However, when there were so many of these light spots, Luo Zheng became numb. This was just one of more than 180 light spots.
Luo Zheng did not realize that after this light spot was lit up, there were already 187 light spots in total!
Inside the Eternal Divine Court.
The bronze monkey was jumping and jumping, unable to contain its joy as it watched this scene.
The bronze bird, the bronze snake, and the bronze man remained calm, but their eyes were filled with anticipation.
The Origin Divine Blood was very pure, but at the same time, it had lost all its own characteristics.
The living beings that entered the Holy Grail were once again recognized by the Origin Divine Blood. At the same time, they became more complex and gained the characteristics that they had lost before!
"The 187th light pillar has risen!" the bronze man murmured.
Next, they would see if the legend could be fulfilled.
Although everyone was excited, they were more or less worried.
After all, legends were sometimes just legends …
Moreover, the remaining light pillars had no intention of rising.
…
In the darkness.
Luo Zheng felt that his consciousness had also entered a very strange state.
In fact, when each light spot appeared, Luo Zheng felt that he had a deeper understanding of the energy in that light spot.
However, after the appearance of that light spot, something even stranger happened.
He could feel the light spots connected to the left and right and deduce the light spots that did not exist!
It was like when someone counted one, two, three, four, and Luo Zheng naturally started counting five, six, seven, eight!
"Buzz!"
In this strange state of deduction, the light spots that did not exist appeared in their original positions!
One, two, three ….
In the atlas, one, two, three, four ….
The light pillars began to extend at a uniform speed!
Previously, the light pillars in the atlas had appeared suddenly and then suddenly stopped. Now that they appeared at a uniform speed, it was very clear that something was wrong!
"It has begun!"
"Did it really succeed?"
"The moment of witnessing history has appeared. That legend is indeed true!"
The four statues left the pillars again and walked to the edge of the square, staring at this unbelievable scene.
In a short while, the remaining one hundred and eighty-six light pillars rose one after another.
On the atlas below the Holy Grail, the light pillars were arranged in an equal proportion and evenly distributed, forming a complete picture.
When the last beam of light was connected, there was not a single flaw in the entire atlas!
"Rumble …"
The origin bloodline in the Holy Grail began to boil and began to drill into Luo Zheng's body. The viscous blood in the Holy Grail was decreasing at a speed visible to the naked eye!
One had to know that ever since the Eternal Divine Court had the origin bloodline, this origin bloodline had almost never decreased.
Rather than saying that the origin bloodline in the Holy Grail was fusing with the origin bloodline, it was more accurate to say that the origin bloodline gave the person who entered the Holy Grail a powerful bloodline and powerful strength …
But this time was different …
The origin bloodline had completely drilled into Luo Zheng's body.
This origin bloodline was as viscous as glue. When it flowed through Luo Zheng's meridians, Luo Zheng's meridians swelled, as if little mice were swimming along his meridians.
Luo Zheng's body was exceptionally strong. If it were just a bit weaker, his meridians would probably explode from the overflowing blood.
Before long, all of the blood in the Holy Grail had been poured into Luo Zheng's body.
The four bronze statues were stunned. The bronze bird looked anxious. "The origin divine blood … has been taken by him?"
From the looks of it, the bronze bird wanted nothing more than to cut open Luo Zheng's stomach on the spot and extract the origin divine blood from his body.
The bronze snakes beside it were the same. They were happy to see Luo Zheng create such a miracle, but they couldn't accept that he had directly taken the origin divine blood.
"Forget it. Let him take it!"

Chapter 3468
Most of the time, eternity represented destruction.
The flowing water never rots, and the pivot never gets stale. Only things that are dynamic are truly eternal.
The bronze monkey thought about it for a long time. When Luo Zheng barged in, it finally understood.
If the Eternal Court lost these "blood recipients," it would lose all meaning to its existence.
When the Time Lock had been cast, it meant that the Eternal Court had completed its mission. The Eternal Court had perished forever.
But in the end, someone had still managed to barge in and soak himself in the Holy Grail.
The human brat in the Holy Grail had actually extended the Eternal Court's lifespan. He had brought about change.
The bronze man on the other side had similar thoughts. He spoke up to stop the bronze bird and the bronze snake.
The four bronze statues quickly came to a consensus. They simply stared silently at the Holy Grail.
Within the darkness, all of the dots of light in front of Luo Zheng lit up. These dots of light formed a neat triangle.
Luo Zheng grasped the meaning contained within.
"The meaning of this power completely surpasses the limits of the primal chaos … …" Luo Zheng muttered to himself.
If the power of the three thousand Divine Daos was based on the most fundamental power of the primal chaos, then the three hundred and seventy-three types of power within these four triangles were even more profound. They encompassed even more. They were also based on … ….
The power of a higher order.
This could be called the origin of everything … …
Luo Zheng felt as if a bolt of lightning had flashed through his heart. A kind of enlightenment was reflected in his mind.
Boom!
After all of the golden light exploded, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly opened.
His eyes, ears, nose, tongue, body, and consciousness quickly returned to him. After returning to his senses, Luo Zheng felt somewhat uncomfortable.
He lay in the Holy Grail, staring blankly at the dome above the Eternal Court. His consciousness felt somewhat adrift.
As his fingers moved slightly, his arms, legs, and body quickly adapted!
"Whoosh!"
With a flip of his body, Luo Zheng leapt to his feet. When he looked down, he noticed that there was now a perfect diagram in the plaza.
Clang, clang, clang, clang!
The four bronze statues jumped into the square again. This time, they had respectful expressions on their faces.
In reality, as long as one was recognized by the Origin Divine Blood, it was enough to win their respect. After all, living beings who were recognized by the Origin Divine Blood were considered top-notch geniuses in the Four Spirit Gates.
In fact, Luo Zheng had directly absorbed the Origin God Blood!
They could no longer define Luo Zheng. In their experience, such a thing had never happened before.
"Human who has inherited the Origin God's Blood, what are your plans?" The Bronze Man cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and asked respectfully.
Luo Zheng also knew that their attitude towards him had changed because he had fused with their bloodline.
Was he worthy of their respect just because he had fused with their bloodlines?
It seemed that this Origin Bloodline was indeed extraordinary …
"What's your plan? To return to my world, of course, "Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng didn't think that he had much to do with the Eternal Divine Court. Now that he had achieved his goal, it was natural for him to return.
He had been trapped here for so long, and he did not know if anything had happened to the Heavenly Palace.
The faces of the four bronze statues froze …
They had guessed that Luo Zheng must have come from another world.
In the eyes of the bronze statues, those worlds were insignificant.
What was important was the Eternal Divine Court, and the shackles attached to it, the time lock that froze the Eternal Divine Court.
"Return to your original world? That's not important, is it? "The Bronze Monkey said straightforwardly.
Luo Zheng looked at the monkey in surprise. "Then what's important?"
"You have taken the Origin God's Blood, so you can be considered the master of the Eternal Divine Court. Don't you want to restart the Eternal Divine Court?" The Bronze Man said amiably.
Luo Zheng blinked and smiled. "Master? Is that what you think? "
The four bronze statues looked at each other. Luo Zheng immediately saw through their thoughts.
The true masters of the Eternal Divine Court were the Four Spirit Gates.
The purpose of these statues' existence was to protect the Origin God's Blood. Logically speaking, they should protect it for generations.
However, Luo Zheng's appearance gave the four bronze statues an idea.
He had absorbed the Origin God's Blood, so he could be considered the master of the Eternal Divine Court. It wasn't too much to restart the Eternal Divine Court, right?
"I'm not the master of this place. I just followed the rules and got what I needed." Luo Zheng thought for a moment before saying, "Perhaps I will return here when the time is right. But for now, I must return to my original world."
As he spoke, Luo Zheng tapped the ground lightly with the tip of his foot.
"Hum …"
A cube spread out from under Luo Zheng's feet. A tunnel opened in the ground, and Luo Zheng fell directly into it.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng fell directly into the space below. And this space contained the "Infinite Beginning and Space" bloodline.
Luo Zheng had been in the Eternal Divine Court for some time. The "Spiderman" imprisoned in the cube believed that Luo Zheng was already dead. He was filled with regret.
He was so close …
He was so close to escaping this damned place.
He even had the chance to fuse with the Origin God's Blood!
It was such a pity …
The Spiderman thought over and over again. What should he have done to lure Luo Zheng into the cube?
But it was futile to think about the past.
Just as the Spiderman was immersed in regret, Luo Zheng strangely appeared in this space again.
Spiderman's disheveled face revealed a glimmer of hope. At the same time, he used a complicated voice to express something to Luo Zheng.
"Heavenly Command Civilization," Luo Zheng called out.
The Heavenly Command Civilization quickly activated the Heavenly Command Core and converted the Spiderman's voice.
"Young man, did you get the Origin God's Blood?" The Spiderman asked. The Spiderman was certain that this kid couldn't have gotten it. This kid must have left the Eternal Divine Court empty-handed.
"What do you think?" Luo Zheng smiled and asked in return.
"If you didn't get the Origin God's Blood, you can come down. I will teach you the technique of fusing with the" Infinite Beginning and Space "bloodline. This bloodline is powerful enough!" the Spiderman said sincerely. He seemed to have completely forgotten that he had attacked Luo Zheng.
Flirting.
Luo Zheng pretended to be interested and descended. He was practically pressed against the cube as he asked, "What technique?"
"Stretch out a finger! I can make you feel it! " The Spiderman's eyes were filled with sincerity. In his intense anticipation, he almost treated Luo Zheng as an idiot.
Luo Zheng seemed to have really become an idiot at this moment. He actually stretched out a finger towards the cube.
As soon as Luo Zheng's finger entered the cube, the Spiderman impatiently grabbed it, as if it was his life-saving straw.
As long as he could drag this kid in, everything would be easy. The Spiderman was both excited and nervous.

Chapter 3469
The finger in his hand looked ordinary, but there was a strange flame lingering on it.
Even though the Spiderman's strength was extraordinary, the moment he touched it, an unbearable pain was instantly transmitted.
The Spiderman had been trapped in the cube for countless years. What kind of torture had he not endured?
But the pain caused by the nameless and invisible flame in Luo Zheng's hand was not something he could endure. He withdrew his hand as fast as lightning.
But how could the Spiderman be willing to give up such a great opportunity?
The moment he withdrew his hand, he spat out green spider silk towards Luo Zheng's hand.
This spider silk was a unique talent of his race. His race had always lived in the interlayers of space, in the cracks, and the spider silk also had a unique space attribute.
The spider silk they spat out could not be broken by others.
Luo Zheng's hand was instantly entangled by the spider silk. At the same time, the Spiderman's eight legs fiercely stomped backwards. Under the huge explosion of power, he directly pulled Luo Zheng into the cube space!
Putting aside the Celestial Spear, in terms of strength, Luo Zheng was inferior to the Spiderman.
Seeing Luo Zheng being pulled into the cube space, the Spiderman suddenly became very excited.
As long as he could pull the other person in, he could leave this damned place!
He could not kill Luo Zheng …
He had to leave Luo Zheng alive so that he could have a taste of living a life worse than death.
"Whoosh!"
The Spiderman rushed towards the outside of the cube space. Just as he was about to touch the inner wall of the cube space, a "bang" sound was heard. He fiercely slammed into the wall, but the space cube was still preventing him from leaving.
"What's going on!"
The Spiderman panicked. He stretched out a long slender limb towards the inner wall.
"Boom!"
The limb was also blocked.
The Spiderman's face revealed a look of despair, "How could this be, this is impossible, simply impossible …"
In a panic, he turned around and saw Luo Zheng calmly standing on the other side with a faint smile on his face. The Spiderman suddenly understood.
It was this brat, it was definitely this brat's trick!
Previously, Luo Zheng was very cautious and did not even dare to approach the cube space. Now that he suddenly dared to enter, there was definitely something wrong!
"What did you do!"
"Let me out!"
"Otherwise, I will kill you!"
"Buzz …"
The Spiderman's eight legs began to gather light. Obviously, he wanted to kill Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng casually looked around and said with a smile, "It seems that the space inside this cube space is very big, it should be smaller …"
As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he left the square space.
At the same time, the cube began to shrink, and shrink again …
In fact, this space could be big or small to begin with. After staying in it for so many years, Spiderman had a certain degree of understanding of Infinity Time and Space. He could also adjust the space inside.
But the Spiderman was Luo Zheng
As an Origin Bloodline, Immeasurable Time and Space was originally born from the Origin Divine Blood.
Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo Luo o Luo Luo Zheng's........ the Luo Zheng
Space continued to shrink, and the fear in Spider's heart grew stronger and stronger. "How did you do it? You have already fused with the Infinity Space-Time bloodline? ... Why?! "
In fear, energy erupted from the Arachne's legs. Beams of light containing destructive power swept across the inner walls of the space, but the square space remained motionless. They could only watch as the space shrank and shrank …
When the space had shrunk to about ten feet, the Spiderman's body began to be squeezed.
He tried his best to curl up his body to adapt to the shrinking space.
However, when the space was shrunk to a size of one and a half feet, the Spiderman was finally unable to withstand the pressure. "Ka ka ka ka", the sound of his eight spider legs breaking could be heard, and his originally large body was completely squeezed inside.
"That's enough," Luo Zheng said coldly.
"Let, let me out, I beg you …"
The Spiderman's face was pressed against the inner wall of the space. His eyes and nose were pressed flat as he spoke with a gurgling voice.
Being squeezed to such an extent, the pain was a hundred times greater than before. He couldn't die, but he couldn't live either. It could be considered an extremely terrifying torture.
However, Luo Zheng turned around and left as if he hadn't heard anything. He didn't move at all.
This Spiderman wanted to kill him. If not for his good luck, he would have been trapped here forever.
He had no pity for such an opponent.
"Buzz!"
Luo Zheng took a step forward and entered another space. This was the space where the Myriad Dao Life and Death resided.
"Tap tap!"
Luo Zheng once again stood on the ground. Two sprouts burrowed under his feet and began to spread along his legs.
Luo Zheng didn't struggle, nor did he move. Instead, he allowed the two sprouts to grow.
When they took shape, Luo Zheng took a small step back.
A sapling with the outline of Luo Zheng's veins had taken shape.
Logically speaking, after Luo Zheng moved away, this sapling should have collapsed and disappeared on its own.
However, something unexpected happened this time …
Luo Zheng reached out and gently stroked the sapling. The surface of the sapling blossomed with a jade-green light, and an aura of endless vitality emanated from it.
"After fusing with the Origin Divine Blood, these origin bloodlines can be easily penetrated." Luo Zheng smiled. Then he took another step forward and returned to the second space.
In this space, the bronze mountain was engraved with a "Self-Ouroboros". This was the bloodline space of the "Ultimate Cycle".
Among the four origin bloodlines, the Infinite Multiplication, the Myriad Dao Life and Death, and the Infinite Time and Space were all traceable. He could roughly make out some outlines. However, the meaning of the "Ultimate Cycle" was unclear. It was completely shrouded in mist, and not even the slightest outline could be seen.
Now that he had the Origin Divine Blood as his backing, Luo Zheng was curious and naturally wanted to comprehend it.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed. He was standing on the bronze mountain, right in the middle of the Self-Ouroboros.
"Whoosh …"
An invisible fluctuation transmitted from the Self-Ouroboros. The statue of the Self-Ouroboros began to move. The snake's head began to swallow its own tail.
Although the snake's head was swallowing its own body, its tail was also constantly growing. In the end, swallowing itself like this was an endless cycle.
When the Self-Ouroboros began to rotate, Luo Zheng also felt that the Origin Divine Blood in his body was responding.
A strange picture surrounded Luo Zheng. A constantly cycling world appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Everything in that world grew and multiplied endlessly. In the end, it perished, and then a new world was born.
"Is this a Chaotic World?"
"Or is it similar to a Chaotic World?"
Just as Luo Zheng was puzzled, several more cycling worlds appeared in front of Luo Zheng.

Chapter 3470
"There's more than one chaotic world," Luo Zheng murmured.
Some key information was revealed in this picture.
The world was constantly being rebuilt, destroyed, rebuilt, destroyed …
Under Luo Zheng's careful observation, he quickly discovered something amiss.
Whether these worlds were rebuilt or destroyed, the internal energy was constant. But when each world was destroyed, there would be an extra part of energy, and this part of energy was not small.
If there were ten units of energy in a world, then every time a world was built to be destroyed, there would be three more units!
It might not sound like much, but if one thought about it carefully, if the chaotic world had an extra one-third of energy from its birth to its destruction, what kind of terrifying number would it be?
However, the extra energy didn't go into the new world. Instead, it disappeared without a trace.
"Where did this part of energy go?"
Luo Zheng frowned as he observed these pictures.
Under such careful observation, Luo Zheng found a clue.
The moment these worlds were destroyed, there would be a violent energy fluctuation. At the moment of the energy fluctuation, there would be a strong energy escaping from the bottom. It seemed to be sucked away by some means!
Because this was a virtual picture, Luo Zheng could only make a limited judgment.
However, Luo Zheng already had a new guess in his mind. He asked the Heavenly Lord of the Origin, "Senior Heavenly Lord of the Origin, what do you think is the meaning of the chaotic world?"
When everything in the world existed, there was a most primitive meaning.
The chaotic world could not be an exception. Obviously, it needed a reasonable explanation.
"Was it the Moment Civilization that wanted to expand its power?" The Heavenly Lord of the Origin had already noticed that Luo Zheng seemed to have come to some conclusion, so he just asked tentatively.
"If it was just to expand its power, after building the chaotic world, it could have bred its own people here. There would be no place for the Elemental Spirit Civilization in the chaotic world, and there would not be the emergence of all kinds of dominator civilizations later," Luo Zheng said.
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin nodded. In fact, Luo Zheng's conclusion had appeared a long time ago, but there were differing opinions. Some people said that the Moment Civilization was the sower of civilization. Because it was too powerful, it only gave without asking for anything in return.
There were also people who said that the Chaos World was a world that was accidentally born. It was also the only unique world that could constantly be reborn from destruction. There were all kinds of hypotheses.
However, Luo Zheng obviously had a different understanding of the Ultimate Cycle, so the Heavenly Lord of the Origin did not interrupt Luo Zheng.
"I'm afraid that the Moment Civilization or the Four Spirit Gates built Chaos in order to absorb the energy of the Chaos World. Moreover, they must have built more than one Chaos World. That way, they could continuously obtain a huge amount of energy," Luo Zheng said as he looked at the scene in the distance.
Yuanshi Tianzun frowned and asked, "But the energy in the Chaos should be constant. Absorbing a part of it will reduce a part of it. Since the Chaos Era, the total amount of Chaos should not have decreased …"
"What I see is a decrease. Every chaotic era will increase the energy by a third, and when it is destroyed, it will decrease by a third. This is the only way to achieve a balance," Luo Zheng explained.
Hearing Luo Zheng's explanation, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin's body suddenly shook and his eyes widened. At the same time, he transmitted Luo Zheng's voice to the other heroes. Then came Goddess Nuwa's laughter, which contained a trace of complacency.
After hearing Goddess Nuwa's voice, Luo Zheng showed a puzzled look. "Goddess Nuwa, what are you laughing at?"
"You can ask the Heavenly Lord of the Origin," Goddess Nuwa replied.
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin sighed and immediately said, "The wisest person in the Human Tribe should be Goddess Nuwa. She is also extremely sensitive to energy …"
Goddess Nuwa had once invented a very unique measuring method to measure the total energy of the entire Chaos.
Everything in the Chaos, from the Land of Origin to the various small and large worlds to the Chaos Clouds, was composed of matter, and matter could also be regarded as a kind of energy.
Goddess Nuwa used a unique method to calculate the total energy of the Chaos and judged that the total amount of Chaos was actually increasing continuously!
Goddess Nuwa's conjecture was regarded as nonsense, and at that time, many Immortal Realm masters sneered at it.
Because every time a Chaos was destroyed, there were Sons of Truth who could survive to the next Chaos. They could directly observe the most original energy of the Chaos — the fusion energy.
And the fusion energy of the Chaos was almost constant in every Chaos, neither more nor less. This conclusion naturally proved that Goddess Nuwa's conjecture was false.
The conclusion of the Sons of Truth was different from that of Goddess Nuwa's measurement. Goddess Nuwa herself was also puzzled. According to her measurement method at that time, the increase of energy after the end of the Chaos Era was one-third!
Who would have thought that a part of the energy of the Chaos would be taken away at the end of the Chaos?
After the Heavenly Lord of the Origin's words, Luo Zheng also said with admiration, "Goddess Nuwa is really smart. I really admire you for coming to the same conclusion just by measuring."
Goddess Nuwa said sarcastically, "It's a pity that some people didn't believe it at that time, but chose to believe in those brainless Sons of Truth!"
In Goddess Nuwa's eyes, the Sons of Truth were just lucky to be chosen by the Chaos as the next guardian of the world. These Sons of Truth were useless except for controlling a part of the truth.
"It's my fault. I apologize to Goddess Nuwa," the Heavenly Lord of the Origin said with a helpless smile.
Goddess Nuwa ignored the Heavenly Lord of the Origin and said directly to Luo Zheng, "If this is the case, then the Momentary Civilization doesn't want the Chaos to complete the Way of the End."
Once the Chaos defeated the "needle" and completed the Way of the End, the Chaos would no longer be destroyed, and the extra energy would only flow inside the Chaos. In this way, the entire Chaos would contain more and more energy, and it would also continue to expand and expand.
"In other words, the needle was arranged by the Momentary Civilization," Goddess Nuwa murmured again.
When she came to this conclusion, Luo Zheng and the Heavenly Lord of the Origin's eyes flashed.
The destroyer was the creator …
Rebirth in destruction, growth after rebirth, and destruction after growth …
The "Ultimate Cycle" in front of them was probably not some kind of magical power that could be used, but a kind of education method engraved in the blood, telling the descendants of the Momentary Civilization how to survive.
"But these are still just your conjectures, Goddess Nuwa," the Heavenly Lord of the Origin said.
Goddess Nuwa blinked and didn't speak. Every step of her thought was logical, but without direct evidence, it could only be an illusory conjecture.

Chapter 3471
Within the Xuan Liang world …
Some of the dots of light were fixed in place, while others were constantly jumping around.
Some complicated things could be expressed with dots of light, but they were often very simple.
For example, a person would only have thirty to forty dots of light …
But some simple things would require countless dots of light to express themselves. For example, a rope could be made up of three to four hundred dots of light.
Luo Nian had originally wanted to compile these patterns so that Jiang Ziya and the others could learn more quickly and adapt to the Xuan Liang world.
After trying for a while, Luo Nian decided to give up.
No matter how omniscient and omnipotent Jiang Ziya seemed, once he entered the Xuan Liang world, he was like a cat that had fallen into water.
Even though Jiang Ziya was incredibly intelligent, he was like a three year old in the face of the complex dots of light.
After crossing the grasslands, Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya had discovered another world that was similar to the Chaos Realm. Jiang Ziya felt like he had discovered a new continent, and he became even more passionate about the Xuan Liang world.
Since there was a second world, there would definitely be a third, a fourth …
There were living creatures in these worlds, and there were clues.
After completely sealing off the Jixu space, Jiang Ziya urged Luo Nian to continue exploring the Xuan Liang world.
After circling around the large mountain in the Poison Fog world, Luo Nian continued forward. A narrow mountain path curved upwards, and the terrain ahead became even more complicated, causing Luo Nian to hesitate for a moment.
Although Jiang Ziya was powerful, it was still difficult to deal with strange creatures in the Xuan Liang world.
But since he was already here, Luo Nian didn't want to back down. He was also very interested in this strange yet familiar world.
Luo Nian climbed up the mountain path for quite a distance. Just as he was about to go around the mountainside, he suddenly saw a pair of bright red eyes not far away. Surprisingly, it was a face that looked like an ape's.
The other party had clearly noticed Luo Nian, and with a whoosh, it jumped out from a crack in the mountain.
This creature was tall and had long arms. It held a large club in its hand, and it clearly didn't have good intentions. Even worse, there wasn't just one ape. More than ten apes jumped out from the crack in the mountain!
The leader of the gibbons leapt up, brandishing his club as he swung it at Luo Nian.
In the Xuan Liang World, even these creatures without intelligence were very ordinary. They were at least stronger than Luo Nian!
Luo Nian realized something was wrong, so he pulled Jiang Ziya to his front and patted Jiang Ziya's shoulder hard. Jiang Ziya's face was full of anger.
In the Xuan Liang World, Luo Nian did not have a good way to communicate with Jiang Ziya.
Previously, the two of them had agreed that if Luo Nian encountered a crisis that he could not solve, Luo Nian would push Jiang Ziya to the front and pat his right shoulder at the same time.
When Jiang Ziya felt Luo Nian's slap, his heart skipped a beat. This meant that Luo Nian was in trouble!
In this state, he was no different from a blind man.
He couldn't use any great divine abilities, but he still had a powerful corporeal body and strength.
In front of him, a large mass of strange light spots that could not be distinguished was swarming towards him. Jiang Ziya simply stretched out his hands and slashed forward.
Jiang Ziya had practiced this action countless times!
This time, it finally came in handy!
How could the burly long-armed ape put Jiang Ziya in its eyes?
While the long-armed ape was swinging its wooden stick at Jiang Ziya, it heard a muffled sound. However, Jiang Ziya's body didn't move at all. How could the long-armed ape know that its full strength was nothing but a mayfly trying to shake a tree?
"Crack!"
Jiang Ziya's palms landed on the gibbon's shoulders. Under the horrifying force, the gibbon watched in horror as its bones were shattered. Its entire body was crushed by the huge force …
The gibbon's miserable state also shocked Luo Nian.
Jiang Ziya could not distinguish the strength of his opponent in the Xuan Liang World. He did not know how to control his strength and directly slapped the gibbon into a pile of minced meat.
The bloody scene shocked the gibbon behind. Although these gibbon had low intelligence, they were not fools. Obviously, the two "humans" in front of them were not people they could provoke. They let out strange cries and crawled into the mountainside.
In the crevice.
After scaring the monkeys away, Luo Nian pulled Jiang Ziya and followed them. They also climbed into the crack along the mountainside.
Not long after they entered the crevice, there was a big cave in front of them.
Luo Nian's eyes suddenly brightened. Was this the third "world"?
With this thought, Luo Nian would not retreat. Without hesitation, he took Jiang Ziya and crawled into the cave.
The cave was not only very deep, but also very spacious. A considerable part of the cave was occupied by the gibbons. Apparently, these gibbons were very afraid of Jiang Ziya. When Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya passed by, the gibbons curled up together and shivered.
They were trembling.
Luo Nian ignored them and continued to walk into the depths of the cave.
When the gibbon saw Luo Nian moving forward, their eyes were full of expectation and pity.
Although they had low intelligence, they knew that they could not go into the depths of the cave.
All the gibbon that entered the cave did not come back. That was the "abyss". If these two humans went in, they would die!
After walking for hundreds of feet, the space in front of them suddenly changed significantly.
The scattered light spots quickly gathered in one direction. The two people quickly turned from light spots into human figures.
"What attacked you just now? Where is this … "
In front of them was another huge space. However, compared to the poisonous fog world, this place was even more spacious. In other words, it was a piece of nothingness!
Jiang Ziya took Luo Nian and kept on moving. Not to mention living creatures, even a piece of soil or a lump of matter did not exist. This was a completely empty world!
The two of them tried to enter the Nirvana Realm with the True Meaning of Dao, but it did not work. The Nirvana Realm did not exist …
"Looks like this world is even worse." Jiang Ziya's face became serious.
The poisonous fog world was basically destroyed. If it was just one world, such a fate did not mean anything. However, if the new world was the same, it was even more destroyed. Even the matter had completely disappeared. This was a big problem.
The Chaotic World would probably go the same way.
"Maybe the next world will not be as bad …" Luo Nian comforted him.
"I hope so. Nian 'er, please continue to lead the way." Jiang Ziya smiled faintly. After being trapped in the Jixue space for so many years, Jiang Ziya could finally see through many things.
After the two of them came out of the empty world, they continued to climb up the mountain path.
Luo Nian held the rope and dragged Jiang Ziya across the endless mountain range. Finally, he saw a strange scene.
Four huge black pillars standing in the distance attracted Luo Nian's attention. Everything in the Xuanliang World was as small as aphids in front of these four black pillars. It was not worth mentioning.
This kind of insignificance was not only in terms of size, but also in terms of momentum and meaning.

Chapter 3473
The moment Luo Zheng disappeared from the stone platform, Luo Zheng clearly felt the Origin Divine Blood in his body fluctuate again.
At the same time, Luo Zheng understood the energy composition of the Hexagonal Star Array.
When Luo Zheng was transmitted in, he did not feel the power of spatial fluctuations.
At that time, he did not feel it, but that did not mean it did not exist. At that time, Luo Zheng could not understand it.
Now, with the rapid feedback of the Origin Divine Blood, Luo Zheng instantly understood the power of space in the Hexagonal Star Array. In fact, the spatial fluctuations produced by the ingenious combination of two kinds of space forces were ingeniously offset.
After returning to the Immortal Scroll, Luo Zheng was once again flattened into a picture. What appeared in front of him was the huge whirlpool.
"There are two more lines here …"
Luo Zheng took a step forward and saw two more thin lines in front of him.
This was the central area of the Immortal Scroll's whirlpool. Since ancient times, only Luo Zheng could enter here. Who could leave two lines here?
Luo Zheng walked forward suspiciously. Just as he stepped into the two thin lines, the two thin lines directly overrode the whirlpool, turned into a road above the whirlpool, and stretched into the distance.
Luo Zheng broke free from the flat surface and stood on the Immortal Scroll, staring at it. He saw that this road led straight to the second page of the Immortal Scroll, where the "fox girl" appeared.
Ordinary people, after obtaining the bloodline from the Immortal Scroll, would be directly transmitted back to Pingyi Heaven through the whirlpool.
Now that the Immortal Scroll had been closed, Luo Zheng could not return to the other side through the normal way. He had to find another way …
Previously, the fox girl had asked him to obtain an Origin Bloodline. If he could not get it, she would have the intention to kill him.
Now that he had obtained the Origin Divine Blood, the fox girl would not attack him again.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng did not have too many worries in his heart. He walked along this road to the second page of the Immortal Scroll.
When Luo Zheng returned to the Immortal Scroll, he had already been noticed by the Immortal Scroll. The Immortal Scroll had specially prepared this passage for Luo Zheng.
"He's back," said the smiling face of the author.
After hearing this, the fox woman asked with a trace of suspicion, "But it seems too short? Did he fail? "
Origin level bloodlines were not easy to obtain. The fox girl had already made plans to wait for decades, or even centuries.
The biggest possibility was that Luo Zheng had died there and would never come back.
It had only been a short while, and that brat had already returned. He probably didn't get anything.
"I'm not sure. I drew a path to guide him here," the author said.
"Does Lord Enforcer intend to face him directly?" the fox girl asked.
The executor was the manager of the passageway. He had never directly faced the living beings of the Nirvana Realm. Many things were handled by the fox girl.
"It doesn't matter anymore." The writer had already switched to a crying face and lamented, "Many rules have been broken. If we continue to adhere to the rules, it will just be like drawing a circle around a prison."
The fox girl's expression fell silent when she heard this.
For so many years, the Immortal Scroll had rarely appeared in person. It seemed that the Immortal Scroll had regarded Luo Zheng as his last hope.
Luo Zheng followed the path and stepped into the range of the second page of the Immortal Scroll. The fox girl and the Immortal Scroll appeared in front of him at the same time.
This was the second time he had met the fox girl. Luo Zheng greeted her naturally, but the pale crying face made Luo Zheng quite vigilant. He knew that the crying face should have a great relationship with the Immortal Scroll, but he didn't know where it came from.
"Luo Zheng?" the Immortal Scroll asked.
Luo Zheng nodded and cupped his hands, "May I know who you are?"
The Immortal Scroll's crying face suddenly turned into a smiling face, and at the same time, he said, "I'm the Immortal Scroll."
As the voice of the smiling face fell, a huge ink pen appeared out of thin air.
When Luo Zheng saw the ink pen, his eyes flashed with a strange color. He quickly asked, "Are those lines in the Immortal Scroll made by you?"
"Yes," the Immortal Scroll replied, "It can also be said that everything here was created by me."
The Immortal Scroll was a special passage, and the Immortal Scroll was the master of this special passage.
"I see …"
Luo Zheng was not the only one who was suddenly enlightened. The Heavenly Lord Yuanshi and other Human Clan heroes were also very interested in the lines that kept appearing in the Immortal Scroll. They knew that there should be an invisible existence in the Immortal Scroll, but they had never seen its real appearance.
Because of Luo Zheng, they finally saw it.
"Hey, have you got the Bloodline of the Origin?"
The fox girl finally became anxious when she saw the Immortal Scroll and Luo Zheng talking back and forth, but they didn't talk about business.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "More or less, I got it."
"What do you mean 'almost'? I don't think you have it at all," the fox girl said coldly.
"Whether I have it or not, I'm afraid this can't be faked, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Then show it to me!" the fox girl ordered.
There was no way to test the bloodline in the Immortal Scroll, so Luo Zheng had to demonstrate it to prove it.
Luo Zheng spread out his hands and said, "In this state, I'm afraid I can't show it."
Although Luo Zheng was standing in the Immortal Scroll, in fact, he still existed in the form of a painting. In this form, Luo Zheng's ability to show was quite limited.
"Then show me your normal form," the fox girl said.
She didn't believe that Luo Zheng had really obtained the Bloodline of the Origin. She was already dissatisfied with Luo Zheng, so she wanted to expose Luo Zheng's lie.
After the two entered a room with a hexagonal star array, they turned into their normal forms.
The fox girl's white and flawless face exuded a cold aura. "You can prove it."
Looking at her, if Luo Zheng couldn't show the Bloodline of the Origin, she would kill Luo Zheng on the spot.
"First of all, I want to correct one thing," Luo Zheng pointed and said, "there are only four Bloodline of the Origin, not five."
The fox girl told Luo Zheng that there were five Bloodline of the Origin, but Luo Zheng only saw four.
"I want to see your Bloodline of the Bloodline of the Origin," the fox girl said straightforwardly, obviously disapproving of Luo Zheng's answer.
"After these four Bloodlines of the Origin, there is an even more powerful Bloodline, called the Origin," Luo Zheng continued, "The Origin Divine Blood of the Eternal Divine Court is the beginning of all bloodlines. The four Bloodlines of the Origin Divine Blood are also transformed from the Origin Divine Blood."
The fox girl's face was expressionless, and she didn't move at all. The killing intent in her eyes began to condense quickly. "I'll give you one last chance, show me your Bloodline of the Origin!"
Just as the fox girl was about to attack, a horrified voice suddenly came from above. "How do you know about the Origin Divine Blood? You also know about the Eternal Divine Court? You went to that square? "
Even the fox girl only knew that there were five Bloodlines of the Origin at the end of the Immortal Scroll. She didn't know that the last one was the Origin Divine Blood, nor did she know about the existence of the Eternal Divine Court.

Chapter 3474
When the fox girl heard the slightly panicked voice of the enforcer, she also looked at Luo Zheng with a puzzled look.
All her knowledge of the immortal scroll came from the enforcer. If the enforcer said that there were five origin bloodlines in the center of the immortal scroll, then there were five origin bloodlines.
Therefore, Luo Zheng's answer was regarded as nonsense by the fox girl.
But the enforcer's reaction showed that Luo Zheng was not talking nonsense. Now the fox girl was also very confused.
"Yes," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
In fact, Luo Zheng could completely hide this part. After all, the fox girl only asked for an origin bloodline, and Luo Zheng could easily simulate the Magical Powers of the origin bloodline.
But there were too many doubts about the immortal scroll.
The author and the fox girl were obviously the ones who wanted him to become stronger.
Luo Zheng wanted to get more information from the enforcer, so he was willing to share some of his secrets.
After hearing Luo Zheng's answer, the enforcer's crying face trembled violently, and was directly replaced by a smiling face. The smiling face said again, "Then have you tried?"
The enforcer hoped that Luo Zheng could obtain the origin bloodline, because it was very difficult.
As the master of the immortal scroll, the enforcer was not only guarding the channel to the Chaotic World, but also the channels to other worlds.
Because of this, the enforcer knew better than anyone how difficult it was to obtain the origin bloodline …
After all, the creatures in these worlds were born with defects. If they obtained the origin bloodline, they would be regarded as the top experts. After obtaining the origin bloodline, they could dominate a world.
As for the origin divine blood, it was not prepared for the creatures in these subworlds at all. The origin divine blood was the foundation of the existence of the Four Spirit Sects. Even the geniuses of the Four Spirit Sects could not get the opportunity to enter the Holy Grail!
The enforcer had seen very few creatures in the subworlds who could enter the Eternal Divine Court in so many years, and those who successfully integrated with the origin divine blood were even rarer.
"I tried," Luo Zheng replied.
The enforcer's voice became cramped. It was not breathing. If it breathed, it was afraid that its breathing would be a little heavier. "Did you succeed?"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand towards the fox girl opposite him, and a gray aura surged out. This gray aura turned into a sharp claw with fingertips and grabbed towards the fox girl.
The fox girl's perception was very sharp. Although she was sure that Luo Zheng would not kill her, when she felt the terrifying aura of destruction on the claw, her soft cheeks turned white.
"Da da!"
Her snow-white and tender bare feet tapped the ground three times, and she had retreated to the edge of the wall. Her arms were crossed, and her chest was heaving up and down. She was obviously frightened.
This fox girl had been aggressive from the beginning until now. Luo Zheng's sudden attack also had the intention of punishing her.
Just now, when he casually used his bloodline, he had combined the three energies of the Destruction Element and the two energies of the Life Element. This energy was not very powerful, but it was very intimidating. It could create a very powerful spirit.
. divine pressure.
"What … what ability is this?" The enforcer was even more surprised when he saw Luo Zheng's ability.
Luo Zheng had not shown a single ability, but a combination of several abilities!
Did this mean that Luo Zheng had not only integrated with the origin divine blood, but also had several abilities of the origin divine blood?
Generally speaking, the combination of several abilities could only produce four abilities: Infinite Multiplication, Myriad Life and Death, Ultimate Cycle, and Infinite Time and Space. These four abilities were also separated from the origin divine blood. They were a combination of more than ten types of energy in the origin divine blood.
They were formed.
But the origin divine blood and the origin divine blood were not the same thing. Therefore, the geniuses of the Four Spirit Sects were still not interested in the origin divine blood. Even if they integrated with the origin divine blood, they only obtained one type of energy, which was still much more powerful than the origin divine blood.
！
And those who could obtain two or more types of origin divine blood were the favored children of the Four Spirit Sects. They were the favored children of fate. Even in the Four Spirit Sects, such people were pitifully rare.
The enforcer was naturally clear about the knack of it …
However, after Luo Zheng displayed this strange ability, the enforcer did not think in this direction. Instead, he was thinking about the four quadrants. Which of the three hundred and seventy-three types of energy could have such a magical ability?
"It's the sixth, seventh, and fifty-seventh types of the destruction attribute, and the first and thirty-third types of the life attribute." Luo Zheng looked at the fox girl's pale face, and the corners of his mouth curled up slightly. "This ability has a name.
For the time being, let's call it 'energy intimidation'. "
The fox girl was still in a daze, and the enforcer was silent.
Luo Zheng had really obtained the origin divine blood …
This was already greatly beyond the enforcer's expectations. It should have been a happy event, but Luo Zheng suddenly showed a combination of five abilities, which directly made the enforcer speechless.
Even in the heyday of the Four Spirit Sects, there were very few people who could obtain multiple abilities.
What was worse was the meaning of Luo Zheng's words. It seemed that he had temporarily created this ability in order to intimidate the fox girl?
In other words, Luo Zheng had fused more than five types of abilities, and he could freely mix them?
This kind of strange thing was completely beyond the enforcer's scope of understanding. It needed to be sorted out …
Looking at the fox girl's pitiful appearance after being scared silly, Luo Zheng blinked and dispersed the gray claws. At the same time, he comforted her, "In fact, this thing only makes you afraid. It's not that scary."
As he spoke, a green light flickered on his fingertip. It was formed by the ability of three different living attributes. When the green light lit up, the fox girl felt a warm energy surrounding her. The feeling of falling into an ice cave just now was gone.
At the same time, her heart quickly warmed up, as if bathing in the spring breeze of March.
"You can freely use the abilities given to you by the origin divine blood? Twenty types, thirty types? "The enforcer's voice trembled a little.
The fox girl's big eyes blinked. The enforcer was really abnormal today. He was actually so excited.
Luo Zheng deliberately showed the ability of the origin divine blood just now. At this time, the smile on his face gradually disappeared. He then said, "You asked me to get the origin divine blood, and I've already done it. It's more than what I've achieved.
How many abilities have you obtained from the origin divine blood? Please answer some of my questions first! "
Luo Zheng's heart had accumulated too many doubts …
Previously, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin could answer most of the questions, and the Heavenly Enforcer Civilization could only answer a small part.
But the world was often like this. The more one knew, the more one would discover their own ignorance.
The road ahead seemed to be composed of riddles. The more one walked, the more doubts one had!

Chapter 3476
The writer had never experienced Luo Zheng's journey, so he did not know why Luo Zheng asked such a question.
However, Luo Zheng, who had obtained the Origin Divine Blood, had changed his status in the writer's eyes.
"Tell me, what is it? I will tell you everything I know," the writer said.
Luo Zheng looked up and asked, "What kind of power is the Four Spirit Gates? Are they the founders of the Ksana Civilization? "
Everything was related to the Ksana Civilization, and the Ksana Civilization was closely related to the Four Spirit Gates. He wanted to know the connection.
"Since you've already been to the Eternal Divine Court, you should already know some things. The Four Spirit Gates are a force formed by the Four Great Holy Spirits. They are invincible existences in the outer world. They can create and destroy everything.
They are pioneers and destroyers … "the writer replied.
The Four Great Holy Spirits were naturally humans, monkeys, snakes, and birds. In a larger sense, it was difficult to define whether the Four Spirit Gates were good or bad.
"The Ksana Civilization you mentioned should be the founders of the Chaotic World," the writer continued. "The Ksana Civilization does belong to the Four Spirit Gates, but they are only a branch of the Four Spirit Gates!"
As the Four Spirit Gates developed and grew stronger, there were also many factions within the Four Spirit Gates. Moreover, their division of labor was very different.
In the Four Spirit Gates, there were pioneers responsible for exploring the world, purgers responsible for destroying other creatures, and world builders responsible for creating sub-worlds.
"The Ksana Civilization you mentioned should be the world builders of the Four Spirit Gates. Among the world builders, the Human Spirits are the most numerous," the writer said faintly.
Luo Zheng was silent. The writer's answer was almost the same as his guess. He asked again, "The world builders built more than one Chaotic World, right?"
"Yes," the writer nodded.
"The purpose of building these worlds is to obtain energy?" Luo Zheng asked again. That was the scene he saw from the Ultimate Cycle.
"Yes," the writer nodded again. "The creatures in the sub-worlds are very weak, but there are many of them. As long as a world is opened, there will be extra energy overflowing under the acceleration of time. In order to expand, the Four Spirit Gates need this energy …
… "
The amount of energy produced by a world in an era was astronomical. Moreover, the Four Spirit Gates could open up dozens, hundreds, or even more worlds.
"Then why is there an end? Isn't it better to let a world continue to grow? "Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
The picture of the ultimate circulation gave some answers, but it did not solve Luo Zheng's confusion.
"There are too many sub-worlds," the executive replied. "If these sub-worlds continue to exist, sooner or later, they will threaten the position of the Four Spirit Gates. Moreover, extracting the energy of a sub-world will also bring about violent turbulence. After comprehensive consideration,
The best solution is to destroy the entire world and restart it. "
The rules that the Four Spirit Gates had set weren't set overnight. They had gone through countless years of trial and error before they had formed the best set of rules!
This included the length of a Chaos Era, the size of the Land of Origin, and so on. These were all things that required experience and attention.
"The creatures of the Subworld can threaten the position of the Four Spirit Gates?" Luo Zheng smiled faintly. "The creatures of the Subworld can't understand the space and time of the Xuanliang World at all. How can they be a threat to the Four Spirit Gates?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, the executive paused for a moment, then asked, "Have you been to the Xuanliang World?"
According to the executive's understanding, the Sanqing Heaven should be the only exit in the entire Chaos Era. Luo Zheng couldn't have gone to the outside world before entering the Immortal Scroll.
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied.
"Are there other exits in the Chaos Era?" the executive asked.
"I can't tell you that." Luo Zheng shrugged.
Luo Zheng could tell the executive about the Eternal Court, because the executive was the master of the Immortal Scroll. However, he naturally couldn't tell the executive that he had entered the Xuanliang World through the Jixu Space.
The executive didn't ask further. Instead, he said, "The creatures of the Subworld can't survive in the outside world, but it doesn't mean that the Four Spirit Gates can't."
The Four Spirit Gates weren't united in the first place. The internal disputes were very fierce.
The Subworld of the pioneers didn't have any restrictions. The result of the Subworld's existence was that it gave birth to many extremely strange creatures.
Most of these creatures joined the Four Spirit Gates, but there were still some who were rebellious. After they refused to join the Four Spirit Gates, they colluded with the traitors of the Four Spirit Gates, causing a lot of turmoil in the Four Spirit Gates.
Later, the Four Spirit Gates began to restrict the development of the Subworld. Every era, they would restart the Subworld and extract its energy at the same time.
However, the Subworld did give birth to many talented people. If all the creatures in the Subworld were destroyed, it would be a great loss to the Four Spirit Gates.
The pioneers of the Subworld thought of a way to make up for it. They added a "Paramita" to the top of the Subworld. The "Paramita" was like a fishing net.
The truly powerful geniuses would eventually enter the Immortal Scroll. However, only a few of these geniuses could reach the deepest part of the Scroll and step into the Eternal Court. In the end, they were recruited by the Four Spirit Gates.
If all the Subworlds had operated normally and the Eternal Court hadn't been abandoned, Luo Zheng would probably have joined the Four Spirit Gates by now.
However, the Four Spirit Gates had undergone a huge change. This gave Luo Zheng the opportunity to obtain the Eternal Divine Blood. After obtaining the Eternal Divine Blood, Luo Zheng was able to return unscathed.
This could be considered a fortuitous encounter among fortuitous encounters …
"So this is the true function of the Paramita," Luo Zheng murmured.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven and Nuwa's true bodies also fell into deep thought. Nuwa even said self-deprecatingly, "It seems that we are too weak. The Four Spirit Gates don't care about us at all."
Any Immortal Realm expert from the Paramita was an existence that could dominate a Chaos Era. This was especially true for the Human Race, where Immortal Realm experts had appeared like a geyser.
However, these Immortal Realm experts had to put in a lot of effort to obtain the Origin Bloodline, let alone the Origin Bloodline and the Origin Divine Blood of the Eternal Court …
The true bodies of Nuwa, the Primeval Lord of Heaven, and Fuxi were rather arrogant. After all, they were the representatives of the Human Race. Each of them had once commanded a Star Domain.
Not to mention the 77th Chaos Era, they weren't any weaker than the other 1,000 Chaos Eras.

Chapter 3477
Nuwa's words reached Luo Zheng's ears and reminded him of something.
Luo Zheng asked the writer, "There's something I don't quite understand. According to what the writer said, only those who enter the Eternal Court will be chosen by the Four Spirit Gates. But for thousands of chaos epochs, I'm the only one who has entered.
Isn't that too demanding? "
Other than Luo Zheng, Mu Ling was the one who had fused with the most powerful bloodline in the Chaotic World. But even Mu Ling couldn't make it to the last room.
If Higan was really a network talent for the Four Spirit Gates, this setting was obviously abnormal.
"The Four Spirit Gates are no longer the Four Spirit Gates of the past. You should have seen it when you were in the Eternal Court," the writer said.
Luo Zheng nodded.
The Eternal Court was obviously the center of the Four Spirit Gates.
If such an important center could be abandoned, the Four Spirit Gates must have suffered a great loss. They probably didn't exist anymore.
"I've answered your question. Now, can you tell me how many light pillars there were in the diagram when you fused with the Eternal Divine Blood?" the writer asked.
This was what the writer was most concerned about.
"All of them," Luo Zheng answered.
"What do you mean?" the writer was confused. He couldn't understand Luo Zheng's words.
"373 types. The diagram in the square was completely unfolded. I fused with the complete Divine Blood of Origin," Luo Zheng said calmly.
In fact, Luo Zheng didn't understand how he had obtained the complete Divine Blood of Origin. He was also very confused.
On the way back from the Eternal Court to the Immortal Scroll, he had discussed this with the Primeval Lord of Heaven. He wanted to sort out the problem, but he didn't have much clue.
When the writer heard Luo Zheng's answer, he fell silent again. The fox girl next to him blinked. She felt that the writer's mood was very strange.
"No one in the Four Spirit Gates has opened the complete diagram. No one has even opened a complete quadrant …" the writer murmured.
There were four quadrants in the diagram. For example, the complete "destruction" quadrant and the complete "space-time" quadrant. If opened, one would have great strength.
However, a single quadrant required more than ninety light pillars to rise. There were people in the Four Spirit Gates who had used a special method to achieve this. However, they definitely didn't obtain it while fusing with the Origin Divine Blood.
Therefore, the writer's first reaction was that it was impossible. If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, it would be simply absurd, like the most clumsy lie.
"How do you prove it?" The staff member asked.
Actually, the writer didn't need to get to the bottom of the matter. However, he, who had been as calm as still water for countless years, obviously couldn't remain calm when encountering such a situation.
Luo Zheng blinked and thought for a while.
He did not have the ability to use the complete Origin God's Blood.
In fact, ever since he obtained the Origin God Blood, Luo Zheng's control over it was not strong. Most of the time, it was the Origin God Blood that automatically helped Luo Zheng.
For example, he could help Luo Zheng identify the composition of all energy, or adjust it according to the opponent's energy, thus restraining the opponent.
However, after thinking for a moment, Luo Zheng patted his head and stretched out his hand. At the same time, the Origin God Blood surged and an abundant energy aura appeared in his palm.
That was the first type of energy in the quadrant of life.
Then, that energy constantly changed, from the first type to the second type, the third type, the fourth type …
Looking at the constantly changing energy in Luo Zheng's hand, after a long time, the writer let out a dry laugh. "No wonder, no wonder you can combine the abilities of your bloodline at will … How can you obtain all the abilities on the atlas?"
The writer had once controlled all the passages and had seen many geniuses from various subworlds. No matter how amazing they were, it was impossible for them to do what Luo Zheng did.
Not to mention the geniuses from the subworlds, even the geniuses from the four spirit sects couldn't do it.
For this kind of thing to happen to this boy, it could only be said to be a miracle.
"I don't know," Luo Zheng answered truthfully.
"…"
The writer and the fox girl looked at each other, speechless.
In any case, Luo Zheng had exceeded the writer's expectations and gave him great confidence.
"Dear writer, can I leave now?" Luo Zheng asked.
He had stayed in the immortal scroll for too long and didn't want to waste too much time.
"Of course," the writer nodded. "But there's one more thing I want to tell you."
"Please say it," Luo Zheng said, as if he had expected this.
From the Soul City to the Land of Bones, and then to the immortal scroll, Luo Zheng felt that these things were left for him by the unseen world.
Luo Zheng didn't believe that there was no connection behind all these things.
But no matter what the purpose of this situation was, it could make him stronger step by step. Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't resist.
The writer should also know this. After the immortal scroll step, he should be able to understand.
"You got a key in the Soul City, right?" the writer asked.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
Many people knew that Luo Zheng had entered the room at the top of the Soul City, and Luo Zheng didn't hide it.
"After entering the Three Pure Sky, take that key to the center of the Jade Pure Sky," the writer said.
"The center of the Jade Pure Sky?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"Yes, it's also the core of the Three Pure Sky," the writer said.
The eyes of the Heavenly Lord of the Origin and the others suddenly froze.
If the Nirvana Realm was divided into two parts, then the first 32 Heavens were one part, and the Three Pure Sky was the other.
The Three Pure Sky itself might not be huge, but every Nirvana token it contained was incomparable to the first 32 Heavens. The danger it contained was also far greater than before.
The Tai Pure Sky was already very dangerous, let alone the Shang Pure Sky. As for the Jade Pure Sky …
Since ancient times, there were very few dominating forces who could dabble in it.
Even the Elemental Spirit civilization, which claimed to have occupied the Three Pure Sky, didn't know enough about the Jade Pure Sky.
As for the center of the Three Pure Sky, it was the deepest part of the Three Pure Sky …
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin didn't know what was inside, what dangers there were, and what form it took.
"What's there? A door that needs a key to open? "Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
Unexpectedly, the writer nodded. "Yes, a door embedded in the ground. You have to open it!"
"What's inside?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"After you open it, someone will naturally answer you," the writer said.
"There's no need for me to open it. Maybe it's not a good thing for me," Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "So you have to tell me what's inside that's worth me going there."
Faced with Luo Zheng's threat, the writer didn't seem to care at all. His voice also became ethereal. "You will definitely go. The Chaotic World is already the last pure land. You won't watch this pure land be destroyed. You're indebted to his gospel.
You can't escape this fate … "

Chapter 3478
The fox girl stared at Luo Zheng with a faint smile and said, "In fact, some things don't need to be so clear."
"Are you willing to be a chess piece?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Even if you are a chess piece, you are the most important one." There was a trace of envy in the fox girl's eyes.
In fact, most people were not even qualified to be a chess piece.
"But I want to be a chess player." Luo Zheng's face became gloomy.
"A chess player …" The fox girl smiled. "The layout, the chess players, and even the onlookers are all dead. Now, no one can control you. Everything depends on you."
The fox girl's understanding of the Four Spirits Sect was obtained from the writer.
"The Chaos World has never been the main battlefield. It's just that under the extremely fierce flames of war outside, the Chaos World has become a lucky survivor. However, the flames of war inside the Four Spirit Gates eventually spread to the Chaos World, and this battle also ended in another way.
The battle outside the battlefield continued in another way, and you are the key to one of the sides, "the fox girl said.
"The side of the end?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes." The fox girl nodded.
In fact, what the fox girl said was just a more specific information revealed by the writer. Even if she did not say, Luo Zheng and Yuanshi Tianzun could roughly infer from it.
"Who is the leader of that side?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I don't know. The writer did not want to tell you. After all, he has his reasons and concerns. Don't think too much." The fox girl shrugged and made an inviting gesture. "I will send you out …"
The fox girl and Luo Zheng followed the path drawn by the writer and returned to the edge of the third page of the immortal scroll. The immortal scroll had closed, which meant that this passage was also in a closed state.
However, whether the passage was closed or not was originally controlled by the writer. It was not difficult to temporarily open an exit.
After the immortal scroll closed, Ping Yi Tian regained its calm. However, under this calm, there was a deep murderous intent.
Creatures with the passage could inquire about some information. The Wu Kong Clan and Genryū finally mastered the method of descending. They could finally move the battlefield into the chaotic world …
"Buzz!"
"Whoosh —"
A beam of light shot down from the first scroll of the Immortal Picture Scroll floating in the air, smashing into the bronze ground of Ping Yi Tian in the direction of the Three Clarities Stone.
Even though the light pillar was falling at a very fast speed, it still attracted the attention of many living creatures. Some of the living creatures from the Nirvana Realm who were nearby quickly gathered around, wanting to see what was going on.
After stretching his body, Luo Zheng looked back at the statue on the Sanqing Stone. He felt that there was a connection between him and the statue.
This was the function of the Anchoring Body. It helped Luo Zheng connect with the power from the World of Xuan Liang!
When he crawled out of the bronze ground, there were already scattered Nirvana Realm creatures surrounding him.
"It's the human!"
"He didn't die in the Immortal Painting and came back alive. Has he also broken through to the Immortal Realm?"
"I need to go back and report …"
Before the opening of the Immortal Scroll, Luo Zheng had left a deep impression on the Nirvana Realm races in Pingyi Heaven, especially those neutral Nirvana Realm races who valued Luo Zheng very much.
Some people wanted to go back and report to the patriarch, while others wanted to ask Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng was concerned about Taiyi Heaven Palace. Without any hesitation, he began to recite the Illusion Breaking Incantation.
…
The purple thunder dragon fell from the sky and drilled into the ground, disappearing without a trace. After a breath of time, the ground within a radius of ten thousand miles was scorched black.
"Boom!"
Terrifying thunder rushed from the ground to the sky. Huge rocks, chunks of earth, and shattered mountains were all thrown into the sky. Nuwa and Fuxi were also mixed in the air.
The two of them looked very embarrassed. A troublesome existence like Tongtian was their biggest crisis. However, although the two of them looked gloomy, they didn't show any panic.
"Whoosh!"
A huge mountain soared into the sky, blocking Nuwa and Fuxi's path.
The moment Fuxi was blocked, his hands circled, and the Eight Trigrams Plate was already spinning above his head.
"Help me!" Fuxi said.
"Okay!"
Nuwa nodded and sat cross-legged in the air. Behind her, Nuwa Ying also assumed the same posture.
The beams of energy suddenly transformed into thin needles and pierced toward Fuxi.
"Pfff pfff pfff pfff …"
Those thin needles pierced all over Fuxi's body. Soon, Nuwa Ying's figure behind Nuwa quickly shriveled up like a leaking balloon.
"Buzz!"
Red light flashed in Fuxi's eyes. The Eight Trigrams Plate above him spun at an extremely fast speed.
As the Eight Trigrams Plate spun, Fuxi's aura increased explosively!
As Nuwa Ying's figure rapidly shrank, a fierce look flashed across Nuwa's face. Her bloodline power surged, continuously replenishing Nuwa Ying's energy.
This secret technique could greatly increase Fuxi's strength.
However, overdrafting Nuwa's bloodline power would cause her great harm. Unless it was absolutely necessary, she wouldn't use it.
In just two or three breaths, Nuwa's face aged slightly, and her eyes, which were filled with wisdom, dimmed slightly.
"Boom …"
The huge mountain was split open by the purple lightning, and Tongtian's figure appeared again.
"You should be proud that you were able to struggle against me for so long," Tongtian said with a sinister smile. "However, this is your last chance …"
Before Tongtian could finish his sentence, an Eight Trigrams Seal appeared on his body.
This Eight Trigrams Seal was surrounded by a circle of blood-red light, which coiled around like a poisonous snake.
"Boom!"
The power of Fuxi's palm had increased by several times!
The palm exploded on the surface of Sect Leader Tongtian's body and sent him flying.
"Again!"
Fuxi and Nuwa instantly teleported and approached Tongtian again. This time, they were on top, and Tongtian was on the bottom.
"Buzz!"
Another blood-red Eight Trigrams Seal appeared on Tongtian's body. Being forced into a passive position, Tongtian reflexively lifted Luo Zheng, who was on his shoulder.
The blood-red Eight Trigrams Seal imprinted on Luo Zheng's body.
Fuxi originally wanted to push his palm forward. However, when he saw the Eight Trigrams Seal, he was stunned and stopped. Nuwa, who was behind Fuxi, also frowned.
Had Luo Zheng's body undergone a new change?
Previously, Luo Zheng's body was like a black hole that could absorb any kind of energy. The Eight Trigrams Seal itself was a kind of energy, so it could not be imprinted on Luo Zheng's body.
Now that the Eight Trigrams Seal had been imprinted on his body, did it mean that Luo Zheng could no longer absorb energy?
Tongtian also noticed this, and a trace of confusion flashed in his eyes.
He had come here personally for Luo Zheng, and he did not want Luo Zheng to be killed by Fuxi.
After thinking for a while, he reached out and threw Luo Zheng into his Fishing Drum. The Ancient God of Chaos, Sky, had been thrown into the Fishing Drum before.
The Fishing Drum itself was a spatial magic treasure, and it was filled with the power of space. Considering Luo Zheng's special situation, he could have absorbed the power of space in the Fishing Drum.

Chapter 3479
Kong was trapped in the Fishing Drum by the Sect Leader of Tongtian. His face was full of ruthlessness.
He frantically called upon his bloodline power, trying to break free from the Heart-Piercing Lock that bound him.
'I am the controller of truth!'
'Is this guy so strong that he can even defy the truth?'
'Sky' was full of dissatisfaction. How could such a monster appear in the chaos …
After he was trapped for a while, a light flashed in the distance, and another figure flew in. It was Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng still looked unconscious, floating casually in the space.
Looking at Tongtian's spoils of war, 'Sky' sighed helplessly. Although there was no chaos ancient god behind the Wu Kong Clan, they still won this battle …
Just as' Sky 'was feeling depressed, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes.
When Luo Zheng entered the Immortal Painting Scroll from Pingyi Heaven, he was still in the Greater One Heavenly Palace. Although Luo Zheng had always been worried about the Greater One Heavenly Palace, there shouldn't be any major changes in the Greater One Heavenly Palace in the short term.
When he opened his eyes, he was not in Heart Flow Sword Sect, but in an inexplicable space. He frowned.
If there wasn't any special situation, the people of Greater One Heaven Palace wouldn't have moved him at will.
If they really had no choice but to move him, the entire Greater One Heaven Palace would have suffered a great change.
Just as this thought flashed through his mind, he suddenly felt someone behind him. When he turned around, he saw 'Sky'.
"Mountain?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
'Sky' in front of him was in human form, and looked exactly the same as' Mountain '. Luo Zheng naturally recognized him as' Mountain 'at a glance.
"No, you're not 'Mountain'. You're much stronger than 'Mountain'. You're the chaos ancient god 'Sky'!"
This man's aura was many times stronger than that of "Mountain". No matter how fast "Mountain" became stronger, he would not be able to outrun him. Luo Zheng knew the relationship between "Mountain" and "Sky" very well, so he could quickly guess the identity of "Sky".
'Sky' snorted. "So what if I am?"
Sky also treated Luo Zheng as Tongtian's spoils of war. Since the two of them were trapped here with no possibility of leaving, he naturally didn't have a good expression.
"Where is this? Why am I with you? "Luo Zheng asked again.
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Sky glanced at him indifferently. There was a trace of pity in his eyes. This brat still didn't know his situation.
"This is a spatial treasure," Sky coldly said, "It is Tongtian's spatial treasure.... brat, you've been captured!"
"The Sect Leader of Tongtian's Space Magic Treasure?" Luo Zheng's face changed, and his voice trembled slightly. ??? "
Luo Zheng knew that Fuxi had passed the Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit to Black Ship. But why did Religious Master Tongtian descend so quickly? ???????
When Kong saw the change in Luo Zheng's expression, he felt a sense of satisfaction in his heart. He purposely revealed, "Center God Province? The Great Yi Heavenly Palace no longer exists. How could it descend here? "
"The Great Yi Heavenly Palace no longer exists?" Luo Zheng's face turned dark. His voice turned colder.
Kong jokingly said, "I reckon most of the remaining people in the Heavenly Palace have died. I wonder if East Sovereign and Old Ying are still alive. They are most likely dead …"
As he said that, Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with flames of fury.
Who would have thought that the Great Yi Heavenly Palace would encounter such a huge change after he entered the Immortal Painting!
"It's meaningless to be angry. Even I can't break free from the Heart-Piercing Lock. You can only stay here obediently." Sky stretched out his hand and pulled at the shackles on his chest. These shackles had sealed the spatial truth.
"Heart-Piercing Lock?" Luo Zheng lowered his head and looked at himself. "I don't have it."
"What …" Sky was startled.
Only then did he recall that Luo Zheng was in an unconscious state. Tongtian shouldn't have thought too much about it and threw Luo Zheng into the Fishing Drum. Luo Zheng wasn't bound by the Heart-Piercing Lock.
However …
There was a glimmer of hope in Sky's eyes, but it immediately dimmed again.
This Fishing Drum was also a very powerful spatial magic weapon. Even if he was in his peak state and was imprisoned in the Fishing Drum, it would take him a lot of magical powers to break it. With Luo Zheng's current strength, it was absolutely impossible.
Luo Zheng could help him break the Heart-Piercing Lock, but this Heart-Piercing Lock was in the hands of Tongtian. If he moved it a little, Tongtian would know. This method also wouldn't work.
While Sky was observing Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng was also observing Sky.
Judging from the subtle changes in Sky's expression, he was eager to get out of this place!
Luo Zheng turned his head and asked, "Is this Fishing Drum carried by Tongtian?"
"It should be," Sky replied.
"If I can let you out, can you deal with Tongtian?" Luo Zheng asked again.
In terms of power, Kong and the Sect Leader of Tongtian were enemies. Since the Sect Leader of Tongtian could capture Kong, the reason should be the same.
"Let me out? You think too simply of this place. "Sky smiled, his eyes full of mockery. He felt that Luo Zheng couldn't do it, but his eyes still flashed with hatred." But if I can really get out, I will definitely smash that guy into pieces!
Cut him into pieces! "
"Think too simply?"
Luo Zheng suddenly stretched out his finger and gently waved it in the air. A trace of spatial fluctuation was transmitted from his fingertip.
Kong rolled his eyes when he felt the ripples in the air.
As the Son of Truth who controlled the entire chaotic space, anyone who used spatial magic in front of him was just showing off in front of an expert!
Since this human boy knew his identity and still dared to do this, he was simply overestimating himself.
"Don't waste your energy. You can't break this Fishing Drum," Sky said disdainfully.
But at this moment, a ripple appeared in the treacherous space inside the Fishing Drum. The whole space collapsed toward Luo Zheng's fingertip and then spread out in all directions.
"What?"
Sky's eyes widened in an instant, his face full of disbelief.
If it were an ordinary person, they wouldn't be able to see what Luo Zheng had done. But Sky was so sensitive to space that Luo Zheng changed the space inside the Fishing Drum in an instant!
Controlling a top spatial magic treasure in an instant …
This was not something a human could do at all!
Even Sky could only forcibly break the Fishing Drum. It would take a long time to control this spatial magic treasure from the inside space!
"Do you believe me now?" Luo Zheng said seriously. "I can also help you take out those chains, but after you get out, you have to help me deal with Tongtian."
"Heart-Piercing Lock? You can even break it?"
Kong was still in a state of shock, feeling a little muddled.
He didn't believe it, but this time, he still had his doubts.
"It's simple."

Chapter 3480
Sky stared at Luo Zheng as if he was looking at a monster. He was speechless for a moment.
Only then did he remember why Ji Xuanyuan was so eager to take Luo Zheng away, and why Genryū was so determined to get Luo Zheng.
This kid was indeed an existence that defied common sense …
"How did you do it?" Sky couldn't help but ask.
Luo Zheng glanced at him indifferently. "No comment. You can leave now."
Although he had fused with the Origin Divine Blood, his use of the Divine Blood was still at the stage of energy restraint. If he fought with force, Luo Zheng might not be able to fight against Sky and Tongtian.
Luo Zheng didn't know enough about the situation outside, so he needed to use Sky's power.
When Luo Zheng secretly changed the space inside the fishing drum, Tongtian didn't notice. He was fighting fiercely with Nuwa and Fuxi, so he didn't have time to check the fishing drum. The change in the space's property actually cut off Tongtian's connection to this space magic treasure.
The connection.
However, the Heart-piercing Lock was indeed connected to Tongtian. The moment Luo Zheng broke the three chains, Tongtian's face suddenly changed.
While Tongtian was distracted, Fuxi imprinted another Eight Trigrams Seal on Tongtian's body.
Boom!
Tongtian took another hit from Fuxi and was sent flying.
Fuxi and Nuwa were a little confused. In such a life-and-death battle, even someone as strong as Tongtian had to go all out. But why did he seem distracted just now? What kind of trouble did he encounter?
Both of them had this guess, so they didn't show any mercy. Their figures flashed at the same time, and they chased after Tongtian.
Tongtian didn't have time to care about Fuxi and Nuwa when he was flying backward. He took advantage of Sky's unpreparedness and easily caught him into the fishing drum.
If "Kong" really managed to escape, that would be his biggest problem!
Sky was still trapped in the fishing drum and couldn't break out for a while. There was still a chance to save him.
Whoosh!
When he was flying backward, Fuxi and Nuwa caught up with him again.
"This is troublesome!"
Sect Leader Tongtian frowned. With a flip of his hand, the Six-soul Banner floated up.
The Six Soul Banner fluttered without any wind, and a cold aura spread out from it, causing the temperature within a hundred miles to plummet.
"Wu …"
Six black single-horned ghost heads suddenly rushed out of the Six Soul Banner, letting out strange howls.
The Six Souls Banner was refined from six powerful ghosts, and they were equivalent to the Artifact Spirits of the Six Souls Banner.
The Tongtian Sect Leader would not let these ghosts attack unless it was absolutely necessary. However, he had to deal with "Sky" in the Fishing Drum, so he could only use the Six Souls Banner to stop Fuxi and Nuwa.
The six single-horned ghost heads were elusive as they flew towards Fuxi.
Fuxi's expression was calm. He stretched out his hand and gently swiped it. The Eight Trigrams Seal appeared on the heads of the six single-horned ghosts.
"Boom boom boom boom boom!"
Accompanied by six explosions, the six single-horned ghost heads howled as they were sent flying.
These six ghosts could be considered to be extremely powerful. They were not destroyed even after withstanding Fuxi's palm strike. However, under such resistance, the damage to the Six Souls Banner was also extremely great.
When the Tongtian Sect Leader heard the howls of the single-horned ghost heads, his heart ached. He ignored them and raised the Fishing Drum. He was about to use the spatial power in the Fishing Drum to restrain "Sky".
However, just as he grabbed the Fishing Drum, his expression froze.
This spatial treasure that had accompanied him for countless years had completely lost contact with him at this moment!
"Sky" had just been unrestrained. How could it break his Fishing Drum in such a short time?
The Tongtian Sect Leader did not believe it at all!
Just as the Tongtian Sect Leader was about to forcefully control the Fishing Drum, the Fishing Drum suddenly made a soft "dong" sound.
An invisible spatial fluctuation spread out along with this soft sound …
"Dong dong, dong dong dong …"
Soon, the fishing drum produced a rhythmic beat.
This sound was accompanied by spatial fluctuations, and it even attracted the attention of Fuxi and Nuwa.
"Dong dong dong, dong dong …"
The Tongtian Sect Leader frowned as he stared at his Fishing Drum. He was even more shocked.
The Fishing Drum's Nine Laws: lock, buckle, chop, release, change, clear, suppress, release, twist.
This rhythm was the Eighth Law, the Law of Enlightenment. It was to release the living beings trapped in space!
What the hell …
He was the only one who could use such a technique …
"Sky" could use his own understanding of the truth of space to control it so easily?
"Buzz …"
The Tongtian Sect Leader looked as if he had seen a ghost as he watched "Sky" come out of the Fishing Drum with ease.
As they looked at each other, the two top experts could see the unusual shock on each other's faces.
"Sky" was shocked by Luo Zheng's technique. While the Tongtian Sect Leader was shocked that "Sky" could come out, he was also confused.
What's with "Sky"'s expression?
Why did he also have a confused look on his face?
Did he not come out by himself?
Just as the Tongtian Sect Leader was confused, the Fishing Drum sounded again.
"Dong dong dong, dong dong …"
It was still the eighth law, the release law.
Soon, another figure came out of the Fishing Drum. It was Luo Zheng.
When the Tongtian Sect Leader saw Luo Zheng, some of his doubts were solved. Luo Zheng had woken up!
It seemed that it was Luo Zheng who had released "Sky".
However, he was even more confused. How could Luo Zheng unlock the Heart-Piercing Lock and control the Fishing Drum?
"Luo Zheng?"
"He has woken up?"
Fuxi and Nuwa's expressions were not much better than the Tongtian Sect Leader's.
Luo Zheng's awakening meant that he had left the Immortal Painting and obtained a bloodline. He was also a member of the Immortal Realm.
However, as he had just reached the Immortal Realm, it was difficult for him to use the power of his bloodline. Even if he had woken up now, he would not be able to fight against the Tongtian Sect Leader.
However, Fuxi and Nuwa could not understand why Luo Zheng and "Sky" were able to escape from the Fishing Drum.
"Sky, I've released you. You can make your move now," Luo Zheng said to "Sky".
Hearing this, Fuxi and Nuwa could not help but look at each other, their eyes full of shock.
"Sky was released by Luo Zheng?"
"What on earth happened to Luo Zheng?"
"Sky" looked at Luo Zheng with a meaningful smile on his face. "Of course, I'll make my move. But don't even think about leaving!"
As soon as he finished speaking.
The fluctuation of the Truth of Space surged out of his body.
The bloodline power of a Chaos Ancient God was extremely terrifying. The Tongtian Sect Leader had easily captured "Sky" before because he was unprepared. This was also the reason why "Sky" was angry.
Now that "Sky" had gained his freedom, he felt that he would not repeat the same mistake.
He wanted to kill the Tongtian Sect Leader, and he wanted to kill Luo Zheng too!
"Buzz!"
A huge triangular space suddenly appeared within a radius of ten thousand miles. This triangular space was extremely stable and completely formed a world of its own.

Chapter 3481
One side of this huge triangle glowed with a blue light.
If one looked closely, they would see that it was a tiny light spot formed by cryptic words.
As the blue light lit up, the second side of the triangle glowed with orange light, the third side glowed with purple light, and the fourth side glowed with gray light.
Fuxi raised his head to look at this triangle and frowned.
The six Chaos Ancient Gods were not just for show. They relied on the Chaos World to display their Truth Divine Ability, and their power could not be underestimated.
"Kong" gently raised his hand, and the four lights suddenly disappeared.
When the blue light shone again, an invisible spatial fluctuation instantly enveloped the triangular space. Tongtian, Luo Zheng, Fuxi, and Nuwa all fell straight down.
The spatial laws in the triangular space had changed. Luo Zheng, Tongtian, and the others had already adapted to the spatial laws, so they naturally could not stand in the air.
However, these people knew the spatial laws like the back of their hands. The moment the blue light flashed, they sensed that something was wrong and realized that the spatial laws had changed slightly. They quickly adapted to the new spatial laws.
Nuwa's adaptation was the fastest. After falling for more than thirty meters, she stabilized her body and stopped in the air.
Next was Fuxi and Tongtian. They stabilized themselves in the air almost at the same time.
The slowest was Luo Zheng …
In fact, the moment the spatial laws changed, Luo Zheng's bloodline circulated once. Through the analysis of the Origin God Blood, Luo Zheng understood the essence of this triangular space.
He had obtained the means to break this triangular space, but he still needed to adapt to the spatial laws himself.
Therefore, Luo Zheng fell for more than a hundred meters before he could barely adapt.
Seeing that everyone stabilized themselves in a short time, "Kong" sneered. Then, the blue light disappeared and the orange light lit up.
The spatial laws changed again!
Everyone started to fall again and adapt to the spatial laws again …
However, just as they adapted, the orange light disappeared and the purple light lit up.
"Kong" had created four sets of spatial laws. The changes in these four sets of spatial laws were not big, but they could change quickly.
When the lights on the four sides of the triangle started to change, the spatial laws were constantly changing.
Even Nuwa found it difficult to adapt. She had just adapted to the first spatial law, and in the next moment, she had to face the second one. Before she could adapt to the second, there was a third!
"Buzz buzz …"
Luo Zheng, Sect Leader Tongtian, Nuwa, and Fuxi finally landed at the bottom of the triangular space. The space law in the triangular space had been destroyed.
At the same time, Sky's body began to change. He began to expand rapidly and turned into a huge one-eyed monster.
Looking at the one-eyed monster, Tongtian's expression turned grave. He had to deal with a Primal Chaos Primordial God at his peak. Furthermore, his spatial divine ability had been taken away.
"Hua!"
Tongtian's body also grew rapidly, turning into a giant that was hundreds of thousands of feet tall.
Since Kong had revealed his true form, the Prime of Tongtian had also activated his Rage God Body!
Within the triangular space, the auras of the two behemoths surged and filled every inch of the space.
"It's best if both sides suffer great losses!" Fuxi raised his head and said.
"It doesn't matter whether or not both of them are injured. What's important is that we should leave this place, Senior Fuxi." Luo Zheng's voice sounded behind Fuxi.
Fuxi turned his head and saw Luo Zheng. He shook his head and said, "Leave? This space can't be opened so easily. "
As he spoke, Fuxi tiptoed at the bottom of the triangular space. It was not easy to break this level of spatial imprisonment. Luo Zheng was still too young and his thoughts were too simple.
"Luo Zheng, do you have a way to get us out of here?" Nuwa stared at Luo Zheng and said faintly.
From Luo Zheng's tone, he seemed to have controlled the Fishing Drum to release Sky. Moreover, Sky was sealed by the Heart-Piercing Lock and could not resist at all. The Heart-Piercing Lock was probably destroyed by Luo Zheng.
Nuwa did not know how Luo Zheng had such a heaven-defying ability, but it was most likely related to his bloodline. However, what kind of bloodline could be so heaven-defying?
"What can he do?" Fuxi shrugged his shoulders.
Luo Zheng glanced at Fuxi and squatted down. He stretched out his finger and lightly drew on the ground. A circular mark appeared on the transparent ground.
"Pa!"
Luo Zheng pushed the mark heavily. A circular hole appeared in front of them.
"What kind of trick is this?" Fuxi's eyes widened.
Nuwa covered her mouth and smiled in surprise. Then she stepped toward the circular hole.
No matter what trick it was, it was better to leave first.
After Nuwa, Fuxi, and Luo Zheng got into the circular hole, they turned into three rays of light and rushed into the space tunnel.
Sky and Tongtian were still fighting in the triangular space. Both sound and aura were completely isolated by the triangular space.
Tongtian was slightly passive under the premise that he could not use the Law of Space, but his absolute strength was still greater than Sky's. The two fought seriously, and for a while, it was difficult to separate them.
Apparently, Sky had noticed that Luo Zheng had pierced through the triangular space he had released. However, in the fierce battle with the Grandmaster of Heaven, Sky had no time to care about other things. He could only watch Luo Zheng slip away.
…
In the space tunnel, Fuxi, Nuwa, and Luo Zheng were flying at high speed.
Although they were not out of danger yet, Fuxi could not wait to ask, "How did you do it? Whether it's the trapping fish drum or Tongtian, you shouldn't be able to break through them. "
Just now, Luo Zheng's circular mark looked simple, but Fuxi felt a unique energy. This energy was also some kind of space power, but it was completely opposite to Sky's space power!
One had to know that the spatial power of "Void" came from the truth. What kind of power did Luo Zheng use to be able to restrain it?
The opposite truth?
Fuxi was also amused by his own guess, but his intuition was right.
Nuwa did not make baseless guesses. She also listened attentively.
Luo Zheng entered the deepest part of the immortal scroll and successfully came back. The bloodline power he obtained was not ordinary. At least, it was stronger than Mu Ling's.
"I can find a way to restrain it in a short time, so I can defeat the strong," Luo Zheng replied.
Fuxi's eyes narrowed. He reached out to Luo Zheng and gently waved his hand. A Bagua seal appeared on his body. "Is there a way to restrain it?"
He had never heard of a divine ability that could restrain Tongtian and Sky in a short time. Naturally, he wanted to see it for himself.
Luo Zheng reached out and brushed his body a few times. The Bagua seal on his body was like insignificant dust that Luo Zheng brushed off.

Chapter 3482
This kid is really …
Fuxi sighed inwardly.
At the bottom of the chaos, Fuxi was not convinced that Ji chose Luo Zheng. Now, it seemed that Ji really had foresight.
Luo Zheng was indeed someone they could rely on. He was also the most suitable person to complete the end in this round of chaos.
In Ping Yi Heaven, the news that Fire and Tongtian were fighting for Luo Zheng had reached Li Mountain. The two giants in Paramita probably had a premonition.
But Luo Zheng's bloodline was miraculous. It exceeded everyone's expectations.
Just as Fuxi was affected, Nuwa's eyes flashed, "Hmm?"
She felt a strong space ripple in the distance. There was a familiar presence in the space ripple. It was full of life force.
Nuwa reached out two fingers. Two crimson energies rubbed against each other. When the energies met, there was a strong reaction. At the same time, there was a sharp energy howl. This energy howl could be transmitted very far in the space tunnel.
The fluctuation in the distance suddenly stopped, and then approached Nuwa's side.
Soon, an uninvited guest appeared in the space tunnel. It was Chaos Ancient God Ji.
Ji originally wanted to catch up to Grandmaster of Heaven, but he was entangled by the strange black fire released by Grandmaster of Heaven. The black fire was almost an inextinguishable flame, and Ji spent a lot of effort to extinguish it.
After extinguishing the black fire, Ji hurriedly chased after them.
But after the battle between Tongtian and Fuxi and the others, the path had changed. Ji was patrolling around several large states. He actually encountered Nuwa and the others here …
"Are you all okay?"
Ji glanced at Nuwa and Fuxi before his gaze landed on Luo Zheng. Ji was probably most concerned about Luo Zheng.
"We are fine." Nuwa shook her head, "Tongtian and Kong were fighting. We took the chance to escape."
"How did this happen?" Ji was shocked.
Nuwa then told him about how Luo Zheng released "Void". "Ji" was also shocked and exclaimed in disbelief several times.
"But we can't stay here for long. If the two of them understand, they might stop." Ji said.
In fact, Kong's fight with Sect Leader Tongtian was the same as the fight between Ah-Huo and Sect Leader Tongtian. Both of them wanted to kill each other and take Luo Zheng into the fight.
Their initial target was Luo Zheng.
The battle between the Grandmaster of Heaven and Sky did not have much meaning other than taking revenge for some personal grudges.
"Yes, we shouldn't stay here for long." Nuwa nodded.
"All of you, come up."
As Ji spoke, his body grew several times larger, like a huge ship in front of the three of them.
Luo Zheng and the other two jumped onto Ji's back, and Ji flew along the spatial tunnel at high speed.
While Ji couldn't control the truth of space like Sky, in terms of speed, he was still faster than Nuwa and Fuxi.
Standing on Ji's back, Fuxi sighed. Ji had always been arrogant, but now he was willing to lower himself to carry them. This was all thanks to Luo Zheng.
"Phew …"
Heading west, they were heading towards Li Mountain.
After crossing two states, they entered Xi Shengzhou. Past Xi Shengzhou was Li Mountain's territory.
Just as they entered Xi Shengzhou, they saw a golden light flash between a mountain range. A golden lightning bolt as thick as a water bucket flashed from bottom to top.
Boom!
There were clearly people fighting in that mountain range!
Only Saint Soul experts would be able to do such a thing.
Luo Zheng heard from Nuwa that after Tai Yi Heavenly Palace's flying boat was destroyed, the elites of the heavenly palace could only walk towards Li Mountain.
Since there was fighting on the way, it was very likely the people of the heavenly palace.
"I'll go take a look!"
Luo Zheng jumped, his figure flashing in the air, and he was already above the mountain range.
A huge crack was forcefully split open in the middle of the mountain range. It was tens of thousands of feet deep.
At the bottom of the crack, Concubine Yan carried the red crystal that carried Donghuang. Her black hair was disheveled, and she had lost her previous elegance.
On one side of Concubine Yan, Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and Gan Gaohan stood with their swords, guarding the two sides.
Luo Zheng's whereabouts were unknown. Their top priority now was to send Donghuang to Li Mountain.
They had already reached Xi Shengzhou, but they never expected to be chased by the You Xiong Clan on the way!
Above the crack stood the You Xiong Clan's Five Element Envoys!
In the fierce battle just now, the Earth and Water Element Envoys of the Five Element Envoys were both injured by Gan Gaohan. The Five Element Envoys didn't dare to force them down, so they kept using their abilities above the crack.
That golden lightning was the "Golden Toad Lightning" released by Gold Element Envoys of the Five Element Envoys.
After releasing the "Golden Toad Lightning", Gold Element Envoys sharp voice came from above, "No matter what, you are all dead. Why don't you hand over Donghuang, and we can still let you go!"
This time, the You Xiong, Shinno, and Min Yue clans came out in full force, and they suffered a big defeat.
Shinno fled with the badly injured Ji Xuanyuan, and the rest of the clans also fled in all directions.
The Five Element Envoys were the elites of the You Xiong Clan, and their status was second only to Ji Xuanyuan. They couldn't accept such a crushing defeat, but they couldn't participate in the battle for Luo Zheng, so they targeted Donghuang Taiyi and Elder Ying.
They split into two groups. The Saint Soul experts of Min Yue and Shinno were in charge of chasing Elder Ying, while the Five Element Envoys were in charge of chasing Donghuang Taiyi.
After chasing for a long time, the Five Element Envoys finally caught up with Gan Gaohan's group in Xi Shengzhou!
The Five Element Envoys' strength multiplied, and they blocked Gan Gaohan's group. If it weren't for the fact that they were afraid of Gan Gaohan and He Chi's mysterious Sword Dao abilities, they would have killed them long ago.
Feng Ge stood behind Concubine Yan, looking up at the five people in the sky. She frowned, and her tired eyes revealed confusion. She didn't expect the situation to change so quickly.
The day Luo Zheng was trapped in the immortal scroll, the Great Yi Heavenly Palace began to evacuate, but they still couldn't escape this disaster.
If father died, the Heavenly Palace, as a super force, would completely disappear from the mother world …
Thinking of this, Feng Ge felt that it was very unreal.
"Let us go? Wei Heng, do you think I'm a child drinking milk? "Gan Gaohan's cold voice floated up along the crack.
Today's situation was already irreconcilable.
If they retreated, they would die, so they might as well fight!
"Heh, if this continues, you won't be able to escape death. Why don't you be more straightforward, hahaha!"
Wei Heng also knew that they wouldn't surrender, so he laughed wildly and threw another bucket-sized Golden Toad Lightning.
"Boom, boom …"
Broken stones flew everywhere, and smoke and dust filled the air.
Gan Gaohan, Qiu Yinhe, and the others tried their best to defend, but there was always a gap. Like Wei Heng said, they would be trapped down there sooner or later.
"Let's just fight it out with them!"
"Concubine Yan, you take Donghuang and Princess Feng Ge and escape, I'll hold them back!"
"Even if we die, we can drag one of them down with us!"

Chapter 3483
The power of three Saint Soul Realm experts burning their Paramita Tokens was considerable.
The price was the sacrifice of the three of their lives.
"But …" Concubine Yan hesitated.
If they stayed here, reinforcements might come. She still cherished the lives of these old officials.
"Don't hesitate!" Gan Gaohan said seriously.
"When we rush out, Concubine Yan, follow us." Qiu Yinhe's eyes were also filled with the determination to die.
Just as the three of them were about to rush out and burn their Paramita Tokens, a voice came from above. "If you can't escape death, I'll have to give you a quick death."
When this voice reached Gan Gaohan and the others, their bodies trembled.
Feng Ge tilted her head and looked up. The familiar voice was standing opposite the Five Elders.
Coincidentally, he was also looking down. Although they were tens of thousands of feet apart, Feng Ge felt close. A unique warmth rose in her heart.
Ordinary people would feel extremely lucky and ecstatic after surviving a disaster, but Feng Ge didn't. She was just wrapped in a warm feeling. It was a kind of peaceful happiness.
"Luo Zheng?"
"Luo Zheng is awake?"
"Has he reached the Immortal Realm?"
Even at this juncture, Gan Gaohan and Qiu Yinhe were still concerned about whether Luo Zheng had reached the Immortal Realm …
Of course, if Luo Zheng had reached the Immortal Realm, it meant that his strength had increased greatly. He wouldn't be at a disadvantage even if he faced the Five Elders.
When the Five Elders saw Luo Zheng appear like a ghost, they were all stunned.
The battle between the Immortal Realm experts wasn't something the Five Elements Envoys could pay attention to. Who Luo Zheng ended up in the end had nothing to do with them.
Li Shan only had Fuxi and Nuwa, so he should be the weakest of the three sides. He should be the side that would lose.
Luo Zheng appeared here safe and sound. Did this mean that Li Shan had won?
Just as the Five Elements Envoys were in shock, Gold Envoys, who was their leader, said coldly, "He's only one person. He just reached the Immortal Realm. He's no match for the five of us!"
When the Five Elemental Envoys fused into one, they were extremely powerful. They could even fight against Sempiternal Realm experts.
Luo Zheng had just reached the Immortal Realm, and his strength was definitely much weaker than that of a real Immortal Realm expert. If he was alone, the Five-Elements Envoy wouldn't panic!
As soon as Jin Xing finished speaking, he pointed a finger at Luo Zheng.
"Boom!"
The bucket-thick Golden Toad Grenade had already exploded onto Luo Zheng's body.
When the Golden Toad Lightning touched Luo Zheng's body, the Origin God Blood in Luo Zheng's body fluctuated slightly. After this fluctuation, Luo Zheng understood the structure of the Golden Toad Lightning released by the Golden Toad Lightning.
"It's a branch of the third type of lightning energy of the Destruction Attribute. It's not pure, and it's very weak …"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and grabbed the golden lightning bolt.
The lightning itself did not have a physical body, so it was probably just a flash.
But when Luo Zheng grabbed it, the golden lightning froze. What Luo Zheng grabbed was like a golden stone pillar. The stone pillar extended from his hand all the way to Jin Zhi.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng reached out and squeezed hard. The surface of the "golden stone pillar" was covered with cracks, and then it shattered into countless fragments that scattered on the ground.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven had once used the "Prison Lock Lightning" in the Paramita Realm to turn Huan Leinu's lightning into lightning powder. The "Prison Lock Lightning" was obtained from the 33 Heavens, and it wasn't easy to obtain.
But Luo Zheng transformed the Golden Toad Lightning with just a thought, and the method he used was completely different from the Primeval Lord of Heaven's.
"What kind of divine ability is this …"
The Five-Elements Envoy was also confused. They couldn't figure out how Luo Zheng could solidify the lightning that flashed past in an instant.
"Ignore him. Let's work together!"
"Five-Elements Tribulation Formation!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Fire, Earth, Water, Metal, and Wood each occupied a position. Five different colored beams of light connected the five of them, forming a five-pointed star.
A powerful aura spread out from the Five-Elements Tribulation Formation, and a huge Five-Elements Lock rose from the formation and rolled towards Luo Zheng.
At this time, Gan Gaohan, Qiu Yinhe, and He Chi also came out from the crack. After feeling the power of the Five-Elements Tribulation Formation, their faces changed.
"Luo Zheng, retreat!"
"Even a true Immortal Realm expert can't resist this Five-Elements Tribulation Formation!"
Hearing Gan Gaohan's advice, Luo Zheng was speechless. It was as if he wasn't a true Immortal Realm expert.
"Crash!"
Luo Zheng didn't dodge, and let the Five-Elements Lock lock on his body.
"Not dodging?" The Water Envoy raised his eyebrows.
"Arrogant, only death awaits you!" The Earth Envoy laughed.
The Fire Envoy's eyes flashed with vigilance.
Among the Five-Elements Envoy, the Fire Envoy was probably the first person to deal with Luo Zheng.
Not long after Luo Zheng stepped into the Nirvana Realm, he turned the Celestial Temple of the Fourth Heaven upside down by himself. At that time, they didn't know who the mysterious Sun Soul was …
This guy couldn't be so arrogant. If he dared to do this, he probably had confidence.
The moment the Five-Elements Lock locked on Luo Zheng, the Origin God Blood in Luo Zheng's body fluctuated again.
Whether it was the Metal Envoy's attack or the Five-Elements' joint attack, the intensity of the fluctuation of the Origin God Blood was far less than that of the Immortal Realm experts.
"Most of the Five-Elements Envoy's supernatural power came from Genryū's guidance, right?" Luo Zheng grabbed the Five-Elements Lock and pulled lightly. "It's just so-so."
Just as Luo Zheng was about to break the Five-Elements Lock, he suddenly looked up at the sky.
The others didn't understand why Luo Zheng did this, but they also looked up at the same time.
"Looks like it's not my turn to make a move …" Luo Zheng curled his lips.
"Whoosh —"
The space above suddenly shattered, and a huge scorpion tail smashed down on the Five-Elements Formation.
The Five-Elements Envoy's strength wasn't enough for "Ji" to use poison needles. This scorpion tail contained a terrifying power and directly smashed the Five-Elements Envoy and the Five-Elements Envoy into meat paste.
The Five-Elements Lock that bound Luo Zheng also dissipated the moment the Five-Elements Formation was destroyed.
"There's not much time, we need to end this quickly," Ji's voice transmitted through the space.
Although only a tail was revealed, the aura of a Primal Chaos Ancient God still shocked Gan Gaohan, He Chi, and the others.
They naturally didn't expect that Luo Zheng was actually accompanied by "Ji"!
However, these people from the Heavenly Palace weren't inexperienced. After realizing that it was the Solitary God "Ji", they all cupped their hands and bowed.
After Concubine Yan brought Feng Ge and Donghuang up, everyone also jumped onto "Ji's" back and continued on their way to Li Mountain.
Luo Zheng also asked about Elder Ying's whereabouts. "Elder Ying" was escorted by Lin Zhanting and the others, including Ning Xuyuan and other Heavenly Palace officials. As long as their luck wasn't too bad, they should be able to enter Li Mountain safely.

Chapter 3484
In the huge triangular space, frightening energy flowed crazily.
The black flames seemed to have come from the craziest hell, almost occupying the entire triangular space.
The two huge beings fought in the space like caged beasts!
After using many magical powers, the two powerful beings could only use their physical bodies to decide the winner.
Even though Kong had the absolute advantage in space teleportation, he could not gain any advantage against the Tongtian Sect Leader. Instead, he was surrounded by danger.
"Can the space you defined withstand my hellfire?" The Tongtian Sect Leader stood with his sword in hand, a hint of mockery in his eyes.
The endless black flames released from the Six Soul Banner incessantly burned the space, causing many cracks to appear in the surrounding space.
When these cracks expanded to a certain extent, the entire space would collapse.
When the Tongtian Sect Leader regained his freedom, Kong would be no match for him.
"Whoosh!"
Dozens of space blades that were millions of feet long slashed toward the Tongtian Sect Leader. The Tongtian Sect Leader held the Qingping Sword upright and waved it gently. Wherever the green light passed, the space blades collapsed.
Kong glanced at the cracks outside the triangular space, a hint of worry in his eyes. However, he still said, "With your hellfire, it's possible to burn for hundreds or thousands of years!"
As he spoke, Kong's body shook violently, and the cracks in the triangular space quickly recovered!
He could not take down the Tongtian Sect Leader in this space, which meant that he had already lost. The man in front of him was an existence above the Chaos Ancient Gods!
However, Kong had the ability to drag this battle out!
The Tongtian Sect Leader looked at the rapidly recovering triangular space and said, "Your original intention was to take Luo Zheng away, right?"
"What do you mean?" Kong stared at the Tongtian Sect Leader and asked.
"This kind of battle is meaningless," the Tongtian Sect Leader said calmly. "They have already escaped back to Li Mountain. At least, we should capture Luo Zheng first. It won't be too late to decide the winner later!"
"You want to sue for peace?" Kong asked seriously.
"We each take what we need." The Tongtian Sect Leader smiled.
Kong shook his head. "If I let you out, I'm afraid you'll immediately attack me again!"
This round of battle allowed Kong to clearly see the gap between him and the Grandmaster of Heaven. He did not want to let the tiger return to the mountain.
The Grandmaster of Heaven said seriously, "Before I destroy Li Mountain, I won't attack you."
"Why should I believe him?" Kong shook his head.
The Prime of Tongtian thought for a while, then said, "Use the Twin Snakes to make an oath."
The Binding Contract Twin Snakes was one of the Nirvana Realm tokens of the ship captain. After making an oath, it would become a great constraint. If the oath was broken, one would have to pay a heavy price.
Kong had naturally heard of the Binding Contract Twin Snakes. His single eye flashed with a noncommittal look. "If you can summon the Twin Snakes, I'll trust you this time."
"I can't, but someone else can," Tongtian said.
Not long after he finished speaking, several black ships emerged from the distant space and stopped at one side of the triangular space.
The boatman in a black cloak walked out of the black ship and lightly knocked on the spatial wall.
Kong hesitated for a while before letting the boatman in.
After using the Binding Contract Twin Snakes to make an oath, the battle between Kong and the Tongtian Sect Leader finally came to an end. The huge triangular space was also removed.
"Sir Sect Leader, are we going to Li Mountain now?" the boatman asked.
"Of course." The Tongtian Sect Leader was a swift and decisive person. Naturally, he would not give Li Shan any chance to catch his breath. He turned to look at "Kong" and said, "Are you coming with me to Li Shan?"
Kong only snorted. A square space enveloped him, and his huge body disappeared in front of the Tongtian Sect Leader and the people on the black ship.
The Tongtian Sect Leader and Kong's contract only stated that they would not attack before Li Mountain was destroyed. After Li Mountain was destroyed, the contract would become null and void. At that time, both sides would not have any scruples. They would probably still fight over Luo Zheng.
Since the Tongtian Sect Leader was in such a hurry to attack Li Mountain, Kong could naturally act as if it had nothing to do with him.
The boatman looked at the place where Kong disappeared and reminded, "Sir Sect Leader, I'm afraid Kong won't leave so easily."
"Of course he won't leave." The Tongtian Sect Leader shrugged, and his gaze became deep. "And he can't leave."
The boatman did not know the meaning of the Tongtian Sect Leader's words. He only nodded and brought the Tongtian Sect Leader onto the black ship.
On another black ship, Evil Deities had been sitting cross-legged. He had fallen into a strange state.
Even if he closed his eyes, he could still see the continents that were pieced together in the distance.
Every time he entered a continent, an invisible tentacle would extend toward him and try to establish a connection with him.
After this connection was established, Evil Deities would be connected to the continent.
Every detail of the continent would appear in his eyes, and the damage he suffered could also be transferred to the boundary wall of the continent.
This was a very practical ability, but Evil Deities was not satisfied with this.
Above Evil Deities' head, there was an even wider space. It was the entire mother world.
He could feel the tentacle that represented the entire mother world, but that tentacle was faintly discernible, as if it was avoiding him.
Touching this tentacle was the target of Evil Deities.
…
Two hours after Nuwa and the others returned to Li Mountain, the entire continent was covered in milky white clouds.
It was as if one was looking down from the highest point of the mother world, one could see the largest mountain in the mother world being quickly covered in 'white snow'.
This layer of clouds spread out like a waterfall, forming a magnificent spectacle.
However, the people of the various mountains and sects in Li Mountain did not feel gratified. Instead, they were deeply worried.
That was the Fog Shield Formation of Great Cloud Mountain, the most powerful formation in Li Mountain. It had not been activated for many years, which meant that Li Mountain had encountered a strong enemy.
Not long ago, when Li Mountain was continuously provoked by the You Xiong Clan, some news spread like wildfire. The temporary peace in the mother world was probably over.
Reality often came faster than rumors …
After the Fog Shield Formation of Great Cloud Mountain was completed, the entire Li Mountain was like a ferocious beast that had been crawling on the ground, forming a huge whole.
At the top of Li Mountain, under the 'Emerald Platform', the nine Mountain Lords and over two hundred Gate Masters were already waiting for orders.
At the center of the Emerald Platform, Nuwa glanced at these Mountain Lords and Gate Masters, then said, "All Mountain Lords and Gate Masters, restrain your disciples. For the next month, no one is allowed to leave."
The Mountain Lords and Gate Masters all raised their heads and looked at Nuwa in shock, their faces filled with confusion.

Chapter 3485
A mountain lord took a few steps forward and cupped his hands towards Nuwa, asking, "Goddess Nuwa, why are you forbidding us from entering?"
Another mountain lord stood out with a resolute expression, "If there is an invasion from outside, my Great Xin Mountain will naturally send out all our elites. We will go through water and tread on fire, and we will not hesitate to die ten thousand deaths!"
These mountain lords and gate masters were extremely loyal to Goddess Nuwa.
Li Mountain's danger was their danger.
Not being able to step forward in the face of danger was the greatest humiliation.
Goddess Nuwa silently glanced at them, then looked towards the sky shrouded in white clouds and said, "The battle we are about to face is not something you can participate in."
"We can't participate?"
"Although our strength is meager, we are willing to do our best!"
"Even Mountain Lord Xin, an outstanding figure in the Saint Soul realm, can't participate?"
These mountain lords and gate masters were peak experts in the Saint Soul realm. If even they couldn't participate in the battle, what kind of existence would Li Mountain be facing?
Goddess Nuwa shook her head, "Even Huang Xi and I will find it hard to protect ourselves in the upcoming battle, let alone you …"
When she said this, the mountain lords and gate masters' expressions changed several times.
Li Mountain's subordinates were filled with confidence in Nuwa and Fuxi. Li Mountain had stood tall for so many years only because of these two people.
Although the You Xiong Clan and Shennong Clan had great momentum, if Li Mountain could unite their wills, they might not be able to take them down!
However, Goddess Nuwa said that the two of them would find it hard to protect themselves. This was truly inconceivable.
"What kind of powerful existence is in this Mother World that can make it hard for Goddess Nuwa to protect herself?" Mountain Lord Xin asked.
"Could it be the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods?" Mountain Lord Wu asked.
Nuwa nodded, "Not only them, but there are existences even stronger than them."
"Stronger than the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods …"
"How can there be such existences in the Primal Chaos World?"
"…"
While the mountain lords and gate masters were stunned, Nuwa told them about the 'descent'.
This wasn't a secret, and she didn't need to hide it from her subordinates.
The mountain lords fell silent for a moment. Clearly, they were shocked by the news of Tongtian and Huo's descent.
Mountain Lord Wu said, "Even if we are mosquitoes and flies, we still have to contribute this bit of strength."
"Right!"
"Even if we die, we have to die a worthy death!"
"…"
Just as they were making a racket, Nuwa raised her hand slightly, and the crowd fell silent.
Nuwa had absolute authority in front of them.
"All of you are in Mount Li. All you need to do is contribute your strength. Mount Great Cloud's Fog Shroud Array will absorb your strength," said Nuwa.
"So what if I absorb it?"
"The power of so many of us is so mixed. Could it be that the formation can make full use of it?"
"The Great Cloud Mountain's Fog Shield Array can't do that, right?"
The chaotic energy gathered together like a raging flame. If one was not careful, they would be burned.
"I can't do anything about the Fog Shield Array of the Great Cloud Mountain, but someone else can," Nuwa said. "She needs your strength."
Hearing Lady Nuwa's words, the Mountain Lord and the Gate Masters frowned in thought. Then, their eyes lit up.
These Sacred Soul Realm experts knew of many secrets of Li Mountain. After all, Luo Yan was not reared by Nuwa alone. Furthermore, Luo Yan required a group of Paramita Realm experts to protect him in the Paramita Realm. The Chaotic Origin Realm experts were protected by the Sacred Soul Realm experts.
The secret of nurturing the energy axis in Luo Yan's body had already been spread among the higher-ups.
Hence, they immediately guessed that Luo Yan had a huge breakthrough in the energy axis nurtured in her body.
…
The moment Primal Chaos Ancient God 'Ji' entered Mount Li, he began communicating with the other two great Primal Chaos Ancient Gods, 'Desert' and 'Narrow'.
Because the six great Primal Chaos Ancient Gods each specialized in a different Truth, they had a different kind of comprehension towards the Primal Chaos. They also had a different level of communication that transcended the boundaries of distance.
Because of the conflict between the Dao of Apocalypse and the Dao of Order, the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods had split into two factions a long time ago.
From the start, they only had theoretical differences. In the end, they started fighting.
But at that time, the Apocalypse was still far away. That vicious battle had yet to reach the stage where one party had to die.
"Ji" was dragged to the bottom of the Primal Chaos by "Ruins". And "Ruins" who advocated equality and did nothing in the world was forced away by "Narrow". This vicious battle between the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods had finally come to an end.
And now, it was time again …
…
After Luo Zheng returned to Mount Li, he arranged for everyone from the Heaven Palace to settle down. Following that, under the lead of Fuxi, he went to meet his little sister, Luo Yan, whom he had not met for a long time.
After parting ways in the Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan did not meet again. But Luo Yan was protected by her big brother in all aspects.
Ever since Luo Yan crossed the Color Realm in the Paramita and stepped into the Desire Realm, all the humans she came into contact with had taken good care of her. And because Luo Zheng had been purging his way through the Paramita, there were no hostile forces. This allowed Luo Yan to advance rapidly in the Paramita.
Ascension.
Before Feng Ge passed through the trial of Soul City, Luo Yan had already stepped into Soul City.
Other than the improvement in her cultivation, Luo Yan's greatest change was her usage of the energy axis.
In the Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Yan had once guided a portion of the energy.
At that time, Luo Yan was still weak. Being able to guide and convert the energy of the Evil Deities was already her limit.
But after being personally nurtured by Nuwa, in addition to Luo Yan's unique talent, she became more familiar with the usage of the energy axis, allowing her to convert more and more energy.
Nuwa had always been prepared. Before Luo Yan's energy axis matured, she could converge all kinds of energy into one for her own use. Hence, she modified the Cloudy Mountain Fog Shroud Array and placed array cores in the various mountains and sects. Through the array cores,
The array cores would absorb energy for Luo Yan's use.
Seeing her big brother again, Luo Yan was overjoyed. She told her big brother about her harvest during this period of time.
"This energy axis is really interesting. If it can really transform space, time, and energy freely, and have unlimited power, then it would be really amazing." Fuxi shrugged.
Back then, Nuwa was the one who advocated for the energy axis. Fuxi himself did not think highly of it. But now, what Luo Yan did had far exceeded Fuxi's imagination.
"It's still not enough. Yan 'er can only convert up to 700,000 Deity Jun. Yan' er can't control more than that." Luo Yan shook her head.
"Is it because Yan 'er can't handle such a huge amount of energy?" Luo Zheng asked.
"No." Luo Yan frowned. "The energy doesn't descend on me. It's just that the energy axis can't support it. But I have no way of strengthening it!"
Nobody knew what material the energy axis was nurtured in Luo Yan's body. Naturally, it could not be strengthened like those magic treasures.
If the strength of the energy axis could not be increased, then Luo Yan's upper limit would most likely be this.
Being able to control 700,000 Deity Jun of energy, she could be considered a big shot in the Primal Chaos. At the very least, she far surpassed ordinary Sempiternal realm experts. But the potential of the energy axis should not be this little.
After saying that, Luo Yan looked at her brother with a faint smile. She said angrily, "Brother, what are you laughing at?"
"It seems that someone can make up for this shortcoming," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Yan blinked her eyes. Fuxi also looked at Luo Zheng with a strange gaze.
The energy axis had been circulating in the Nirvana Realm for a long time. Luo Zheng suddenly looked as if he had the pearl of wisdom in his hands. What did this mean?

Chapter 3486
Luo Yan looked at the green figure formed by the core of the Heaven's Executor, and a trace of vigilance appeared on her small face.
Goddess Nuwa had advised her many times that the energy axis could not be shown to others.
Even if Fuxi wanted to see it, Luo Yan would not allow it.
Although this green figure had come out of her brother's body, without Goddess Nuwa's approval, she could not bring out the energy axis.
"Are you sure you can upgrade the energy axis?"
Goddess Nuwa's voice came from outside the palace. She spoke as she walked in.
The energy axis was a very special existence, and Nuwa had tried all means to strengthen it.
From the ice crystals found in the extremely cold depths of the Chaos to the extremely precious meteorites in the mother world, and various other special materials, Nuwa had tried them all, but none of them had any effect on the energy axis.
The energy axis was an independent entity, and it almost did not react to the outside world.
Nuwa did not know the identity of this green figure. How could it give Luo Zheng so much confidence that he could ask to strengthen the energy axis?
Luo Zheng's divine power was too great, but it should not be to this extent!
Even if Luo Zheng had the Tool of Civilization and the thirty-six heroes of the human race in his mind to give him advice, it was impossible for him to plan to strengthen the energy axis!
She asked this question because she did not believe in heresy.
"Yes," the green figure said. "If my guess is correct, Your Excellency used the 'quantitative method' to extract the energy axis. Judging from the energy reaction in her body, the energy axis she possesses is already at Level 4. I think you want to use the energy axis
You want to upgrade it to level five or even level six, right? "
Nuwa raised her eyebrows slightly. "The quantitative method is a method left behind by the scheming civilization. It's not surprising that you know this. As far as I know, since ancient times, there have been many civilizations and forces interested in the energy axis, but only a few have been able to upgrade it to level four.
There are almost none at level five or level six. Of course, I want to, but I can't do it now. "
Nuwa had another meaning. If I can't do it, you can't do it either.
"We only made a level three energy axis back then," the green figure said.
Nuwa listened and nodded indifferently. A level three energy axis sounded good, but it was actually very ordinary. Throughout history, several civilizations had made it, but a level three energy axis could only control tens of thousands of Shen Jun's strength. It was better to nurture it rather than spend so much effort.
An Immortal Realm expert.
"However, in the past few years in the Nirvana Realm, we have gone through careful calculations and have a new idea about strengthening the energy axis," the green figure said in a steady voice.
"Just a train of thought?" Nuwa glanced at the green figure.
If this green figure hadn't been released by Luo Zheng, she would have driven it away long ago. Now that time was pressing, Nuwa didn't want to listen to this guy's nonsense.
"Yes, only a thought," the green figure said. "The flaw of the energy axis has existed since the inception of the 'quantum method.' When we first designed the quantum method, we neglected an important thing, and that is the location of the energy axis …"
"You guys designed the quantitative method?" Nuwa raised her eyebrows. "You are?"
"It belongs to the Jianchou civilization," Luo Zheng introduced.
Hearing this, Fuxi, Nuwa, and Luo Yan's expressions changed. Luo Zheng's answer was obviously beyond their expectations. They never thought that Luo Zheng would bring the creator of the energy axis here.
Nuwa's expression was unnatural for a while. Looking at Luo Zheng's smiling face, she finally couldn't help but roll her eyes. "Sly boy, why didn't you say so earlier?"
Luo Zheng just smiled and didn't say anything.
When she faced the green figure again, her attitude naturally changed greatly. She humbly began to ask some key questions.
The energy axis was involved in all aspects very complicated. The relationship between space, time, and energy was explained. Luo Zheng listened with confusion. On the contrary, Luo Yan and Nuwa's eyes lit up. It seemed that the green figure had solved many problems for them.
Confusion.
Not knowing how long this teaching would last, Luo Zheng left the main hall and sat cross-legged on the ground. He closed his eyes and an Inner Incarnation appeared.
The Inner Incarnation stayed in the sky for a moment, and then entered Holy Immortal Mansion.
The last time he entered Holy Immortal Mansion, Xi Youqin was four months away from giving birth.
During this time, Luo Zheng had been running around in the Nirvana Realm. He finally had time to visit after leaving the immortal scroll, but the time had passed.
When he saw Xi Youqin again, her slightly swollen belly had disappeared. The baby girl was in Xi Youqin's hands, curled up like a kitten. She looked extremely cute when she was sleeping with her eyes closed.
Luo Zheng was still blaming himself for Xi Youqin. When Luo Nian was born, he wasn't by Ning Yudie's side. This time, he missed it again.
Xi Youqin, who was already a mother, didn't blame Luo Zheng. She knew that if Luo Zheng didn't come, there must be an unsolvable crisis. After giving birth, Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun would take care of her, so she felt at ease.
Xi Youqin told Luo Zheng that she had named her daughter "Yun Xin".
"The sisters came up with this name together. If you think it's not suitable, you can change it," Xi Youqin said gently.
Luo Zheng held his daughter in his arms with joy, but quickly said, "This name is already very good. There's no need for that!"
Little Yun Xin felt a strange aura and suddenly burst into tears. She danced in Luo Zheng's arms.
Seeing this, Xi Youqin picked up the scroll painting next to her and unfolded it in front of Yun Xin's eyes.
When Yun Xin's round black eyes saw what was in the painting, she immediately calmed down. Her tears turned into laughter!
Luo Zheng looked at the painting curiously. The painting was actually a Sanskrit character. He was stunned.
Xi Youqin knew that Luo Zheng would be surprised, so she said, "Yun Xin and Luo Nian are the same. They seem to be naturally interested in Sanskrit."
There was one time when Yun Xin was crying non-stop, and Xi Youqin hurriedly carried her to find Ning Yudie. Ning Yudie was in seclusion trying to comprehend the True Meaning of Dao, and when Yun Xin saw the Sanskrit words, she immediately forgot to cry and became very quiet. At the same time, she was filled with curiosity.
Since then, Xi Youqin simply used Sanskrit to coax the child. In the past few months, it had become a habit.
Luo Nian's decipherment of Sanskrit wasn't a little bit of speculation at all. Instead, he instinctively saw through the meaning of Sanskrit.
Yun Xin was still young, so she couldn't understand the meaning. However, the Sanskrit characters she saw were definitely different from the Sanskrit characters that ordinary people saw. The Sanskrit characters displayed a richer scene in her eyes.
"Yiyiyaya …"
Seeing his daughter staring at the Sanskrit characters with a face full of smiles, Luo Zheng was speechless. It seemed that she could also see through the light spots in the Xuanliang World.
Luo Nian was like this, and so was Luo Yunxin. This couldn't be a coincidence.

Chapter 3487
Luo Yunxin's blood and energy were vigorous. After all, before she was born, Luo Zheng had collected many great tonics.
She was nourished with the resources of the Mother World, and when she was born, she was much stronger than the children of the Gods.
In terms of strength, Yun Xin's strength was equivalent to a Divine Core warrior in the Eastern Region. Her body constitution was considered excellent in the Mother World. After all, the Divine Citizens in the Mother World had a great chance of breaking through to the True God realm when they reached adulthood.
With Yun Xin's body constitution, her cultivation speed was much faster than Luo Nian's.
While staying in the Immortal Abode, Luo Zheng told the girls about the situation in the outside world. In order to prevent them from worrying, Luo Zheng tried his best to make the situation as optimistic as possible.
Xi Youqin and Xun didn't think too much about it, but Ning Yudie could tell that it was a serious matter.
The huge Great Heavenly Palace had collapsed just like that, and this meant that the entire Mother World was going to undergo a great change. Would Li Shan be able to survive this? This was what Luo Zheng was worried about.
After leaving the Inner World, Luo Zheng returned to the palace. He saw Luo Yan sitting cross-legged, and a triangular shaft was floating in front of her.
The green figure of Ji Chou Civilization whispered something in Luo Yan's ear, and Luo Yan followed suit.
Nuwa and Fuxi stepped aside, their faces filled with anticipation.
The green figure had explained everything, and the probability of Luo Yan pushing the energy shaft up another level was very high.
When Nuwa saw Luo Zheng return to the main hall, she whispered to him. "If Luo Yan's energy shaft reaches the 5th level, with the combined strength of Li Shan, it will be a great help."
Li Shan was in dire need of strength, and Luo Yan was about to break through.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng smiled. "Actually, Li Shan still has two great helpers, if Lady Nuwa and the Human Emperor are willing."
"Two great helpers?" Nuwa's eyes lit up.
Luo Zheng knew what kind of existences Li Shan was about to face. The so-called helpers were at least at the Immortal realm. Where else could Li Shan find them?
"The Human Emperor and Goddess Nuwa themselves," Luo Zheng said.
Fuxi still couldn't figure it out, but Nuwa understood the meaning of Luo Zheng's words.
The Golden Crow Clan did not rely on Luo Zheng's power to invade Tai Yi Heavenly Palace, but it was the Eastern Emperor Tai Yi's true body that was attached to Luo Zheng's body.
Although the Original Body was only a wisp of Qi Soul, it could exert the Bloodline Power to the extreme. Therefore, the strength of Donghuang Taiyi's body was far above that of Di Jun's.
On the other hand, Nuwa knew that she and Fuxi were nothing more than 'clones'. At most, they were clones that possessed self-awareness.
"You mean to let my true body and Huang Xi's true body enter our bodies, right?" Nuwa asked.
Fuxi's thick eyebrows wrinkled as he looked at Luo Zheng. "Is that what you mean?"
Luo Zheng nodded. "Yes."
In fact, on the way back, Luo Zheng had already discussed this matter with the Primeval Lord of Heaven.
However, because Donghuang himself had not awakened, he could not resist the 'invasion' of the Eastern Emperor's true body.
Goddess Nuwa and Fuxi already had their own thoughts in their mother world. It was not appropriate for them to offer their bodies to the 'true body'. Therefore, when Luo Zheng proposed this, he was very careful.
Compared to Fuxi's disgust, Goddess Nuwa did not say anything. She was thinking silently.
Now, other than Li Shan getting Ji to summon the other two Primal Chaos Ancient Gods, Nuwa was also trying to get other super forces involved. For example, super forces like Ear Rat who had Immortal Realm experts. Even the Liyuan Race was trying to persuade them.
These superpowers' attitudes were very ambiguous. On the one hand, they were afraid of the You Xiong Clan and Shennong Clan. They hoped to receive Genryū's favor and care in the Nirvana Realm. On the other hand, they did not agree with the Dao of Order.
In Flat Yitian, Li Shanzhong's lobbyists were all over the Bronze Plains. It was time for these superpowers to make a choice.
After thinking for a long time, Nuwa stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I want to talk to my true body."
Luo Zheng nodded and looked at Fuxi. Fuxi waved his hand and said, "Don't think about me. I won't allow anyone to control me, not even that guy!"
Actually, when Nuwa and Fuxi found out that they were only 'clones', they were very disappointed.
With Fuxi's pride, it was hard for him to accept this request.
Luo Zheng communicated with Nuwa's true body. Only then did Nuwa's true body's spirit float out …
…
After the Misty Mountain Array Formation was activated, the light in Li Mountain became much dimmer under the thick clouds.
At noon, three days later, a giant hole suddenly appeared in the clouds, and the sunlight poured in. On Li Mountain, countless Nuwa people and human beings raised their heads out of reflex.
As the sunlight bathed their bodies, a huge shadow crawled in from the hole.
It was a creature that was as large as a sloth. It was the other Primordial God of the Primordial Chaos, 'Narrow'.
Among the six Chaos Ancient Gods, Narrow was the one who kept the lowest profile.
Even during the era when the Chaos Ancient Gods had the most conflict and the most intense fighting, Narrow only attacked twice.
"Hua …"
After entering Li Mountain, Narrow's body quickly shrank and came in front of Ji.
They were in a heavenly lake on the upper level of Li Mountain. Ji's body had shrunk a lot too. Most of his body was submerged in the heavenly lake. Only his head and tail with poisonous needles were exposed.
"I want to see the boy you mentioned," Kuang said straightforwardly.
"Constriction" was originally an ally of "Ji", and "Ji" had mentioned Luo Zheng when greeting him. For "Constriction" who was ill-informed, hearing of Luo Zheng's miraculous feats was also incredible.
"Ji" naturally fulfilled this request of "Cramped" and summoned Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had just climbed up the heavenly lake when he saw the sloth-like creature waving at him. A strange mental wave came straight at him. It was as though an illusory great world was enveloping him.
This world was black and white. There were mazes everywhere. It was complicated and filled with a sense of dissonance …
"Mental attack?"
Luo Zheng instinctively became alert. This maze was clearly an illusion created with mental power.
Although Luo Zheng was in the Saint Soul Realm and had nine Saint Soul Engravings, his soul was much stronger than normal Immortal Realm experts. However, Narrow used a truth divine power. With just the power of a saint soul, he could not break free.
"Brother Ji, you exaggerate." Ze shook his head. He was disappointed. He originally thought that Luo Zheng could break free.
But as soon as he finished speaking, he felt a strange vitality burst out from Luo Zheng's body. This vitality should have come from the aura of the soul, but it was released from Luo Zheng's body ….

Chapter 3488
Although Narrow used mental attacks, mental attacks that relied on the soul were still energy in nature.
The mental abilities of the Origin Bloodline were mostly concentrated in the "Life Quadrant".
The moment the illusory maze enveloped Luo Zheng, the Origin Divine Blood reacted. Luo Zheng felt a chill shoot up his spine and enter his soul. Then, the enormous maze collapsed on its own.
Narrow stared at Luo Zheng for a long while. His expression gradually returned to normal. Then, he said, "The person that Brother Ji likes is indeed extraordinary."
Ji glanced at Narrow indifferently. He thought, You just said I was exaggerating …
Then, Ji floated out of the heavenly lake. At the same time, he introduced to Luo Zheng, "Luo Zheng, this is the other Chaos Ancient God, Narrow."
Ji summoned Luo Zheng over to introduce him to him.
"Senior Narrow." Luo Zheng cupped his hands. It seemed that the mental attack just now was a test for him.
"The younger generation will surpass us in time." Narrow's eyes had a hint of expectation. "The bloodline that you fused with should be the Inner Circle bloodline. It happens to be a bloodline that can resist soul attacks, right?"
If Luo Zheng's Origin Bloodline could strengthen the soul, it made sense that he could easily resolve Narrow's attack just now.
'Ji' on the side chuckled, "Narrow, you can use other methods to test again."
Ji felt strange about Ji's request but still did as he was told.
He reached out his claw and grabbed Luo Zheng's head. Then, a perfect glass bottle appeared out of thin air and trapped Luo Zheng inside.
The energy inside the glass bottle surged. It was clearly not an ordinary item.
"Whoosh!"
As the energy inside the bottle surged, a huge pressure was exerted on Luo Zheng's body.
If Luo Zheng's cultivation was lower than the Immortal Realm, he would probably be forced to kneel down …
Facing the glass bottle that trapped him, Luo Zheng suddenly reached out and lightly tapped the transparent bottle wall. Luo Zheng poked a small round hole in the bottle wall.
"Whoosh —"
The huge pressure inside the glass bottle was released from the small round hole. Under the huge pressure, it formed an energy sword energy that shot towards the heavenly lake.
"Splash …"
The calm heavenly lake rippled because of this energy sword energy.
Luo Zheng looked at Narrow questioningly. He poked the bottle wall. There should be no need to prove himself.
Narrow's personality was introverted. In reality, he liked to compete in the dark.
The truth energy on his claw surged. The energy inside of Luo Zheng's glass bottle surged and it shone with blue light!
After realizing that Narrow was unwilling to admit defeat, Luo Zheng could only reach out his hands and scratch on the glass bottle wall.
"Hiss hiss hiss …"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had cut holes of various sizes on the huge glass bottle. After the glass bottle's structure was damaged, it couldn't withstand the pressure and finally shattered.
"This …" Finally, he felt a little speechless.
"If I remember correctly, this Heaven Treasure Glass Goblet is the sturdiest item Zhang has made?" Ji smiled.
"It used to be, but not now." Ze nodded.
Among the six Chaos Ancient Gods, the truth it had was creation. It was also the only one that could transform chaos energy into any material. It was similar to the Trueness of Three Spirits Creation.
But the creation ability that borrowed the truth energy was naturally much more powerful than the Trueness of Three Spirits Creation.
Not only could Luo Zheng easily break Narrow's mental attack, but he could also break open the Sky Treasure Glass Bottle. Such a method made Narrow feel even more incredulous.
In fact, Ji didn't call Luo Zheng over to show off for no reason.
"Narrow", "Desert", and "Solitary" did not support Nuwa and Fuxi. They had gathered at Li Mountain because they had always followed the "Path of the End". They still had a trace of illusion about the End, and this illusion was now tied to Luo Zheng.
"Cong" came all the way here, naturally wanting to see Luo Zheng.
Now, Luo Zheng's performance was beyond Narrow's expectations. Narrow felt that it didn't make a wasted trip. At least it would stand firmly on Li Mountain.
After leaving Heaven Lake where Ji was, Luo Zheng had to go to Ji Delete Space.
On one hand, Ning Yudie also asked about Luo Nian's recent situation. On the other hand, Jiang Ziya was also a great help.
But when Luo Zheng used the Trueness of Three Spirits Creation and was about to enter Ji Delete Space, he encountered a resistance. He was actually rejected by Ji Delete Space!
Luo Zheng had entered and exited Ji Delete Space several times. This situation had never happened before.
"What's going on …"
Luo Zheng couldn't help but have a bad guess.
After trying a few times without success, Luo Zheng's face darkened.
"Don't worry. The change in Ji Delete Space is probably related to Sky," Yuanshi Tianzun suddenly said.
They already knew that the You Xiong Clan took action this time. Sky also participated in the battle. Deleting space into Ji Delete Space was originally Sky's magical power.
Looking at it this way, the biggest possibility was that Sky discovered the secret of Ji Delete Space and then Jiang Ziya dealt with Ji Delete Space …
Yuanshi Tianzun analyzed with his great wisdom. The result was very close to the truth.
"That makes sense." Luo Zheng nodded and calmed down.
Putting Luo Nian in Ji Delete Space was a risk. But Nian 'er was already an adult. That was his choice. But Luo Zheng didn't intend to tell Ning Yudie about this.
And just as Luo Zheng was worrying …
In Xuan Liang World, Luo Nian was bringing Jiang Ziya across a plain.
After a long journey, the four huge black pillars were very close to each other. But at this moment, a strange plain appeared in front of Luo Nian. This plain was filled with round holes of various sizes.
At first, Luo Nian was still a little doubtful. These round holes couldn't be worlds, right?
But when he pulled Jiang Ziya into the hole, it was indeed so!
Like the Chaotic World, these worlds had their own independent space. But the space was not as vast as the previous worlds. It was much smaller overall.
Just like before, these holes were still dead silent. There was no living thing in them.
Luo Nian had given up on exploring and focused on the four huge pillars. The nearest black pillar was at the end of the plain.
After crossing the plain full of round holes, Luo Nian could finally see the huge pillar in front of him clearly.
The entire pillar seemed to be made up of pages of books stacked on top of each other. The thick and huge pages were arranged in a spiral shape, forming a spiral staircase that ascended upwards!
Walking to the pillar, Luo Nian reached out and touched the black 'pages'. These 'pages' were not really made of paper, but of solid stone!
He blinked his eyes and stepped onto the stairs of the page.
"Buzz!"
The moment he stepped on the staircase, a pale orange silk thread appeared. This silk thread flew into the distance.
Luo Nian frowned and looked at this silk thread. He was a little confused.

Chapter 3489
Luo Nian looked at the thread for a while, but he didn't know what it was used for.
However, the moment he reached out and touched the thread, a scene appeared in front of his eyes.
He saw a golden beach and the surging seawater filled with gloomy and cold aura.
"Is this the Sea of Gist of Trueness?" Luo Nian's pupils contracted.
He continued to observe and found that the thread was connected to a grain of sand on the golden beach in the Sea of Trueness …
"Such a long thread is connected to a grain of sand?" Luo Nian's expression was very interesting.
He suddenly remembered the rule that Jiang Ziya once told him: All the Nirvana Token's energy came from the World of Xuanliang.
When Luo Nian asked how the World of Xuanliang transmitted the energy, Jiang Ziya couldn't answer. It was a field that Jiang Ziya had never set foot in.
However, the concept of space in the World of Xuanliang was completely different from that of the Chaotic World. The thread seemed very long to Luo Nian, but it might not be so in reality …
"Every grain of sand is connected by a thread, then …"
Luo Nian took another step. When he stepped on the second step, which was the second page, dozens of threads appeared.
He reached out and brushed the threads one by one. He could feel the scene at the end of each thread.
"Sand, sand, sand, still sand …"
A thread connected to a grain of sand. The amount of sand on the beach was astronomical. The scene that Luo Nian saw didn't change. It was the same dozens of grains of sand that were next to each other.
Realizing that the bottom page might be sand, Luo Nian took a step forward and pulled Jiang Ziya up step by step.
Stepping on the spiral staircase formed by the pages, more and more threads were released from the pages. Hundreds of thousands of threads, millions of threads, tens of millions of threads, countless of threads.
Every time Luo Nian passed a page, he would reach out and check it. It was still sand …
However, when Luo Nian stepped on the tenth page, he made a new discovery. The end of the thread was still a grain of sand. However, this grain of sand seemed to have been merged with a living creature that had just stepped into the Nirvana Realm.
The grain of sand wasn't on the beach, but in an inner world with a square sky and square earth!
The sand in the Nirvana Realm belonged to the lowest level of Nirvana Token. After merging, it did not even have the strength of one Jun of God. Very few people chose to carry it as a Nirvana Token. Luo Nian could be considered to have met a weirdo.
After a moment of speechlessness, Luo Nian took a step forward and quickly climbed up the huge page.
Ten pages of stairs …
Twenty pages of stairs …
Thirty …
Unknowingly, Luo Nian had already climbed to a certain height.
The higher he went, the more light the pages released. By the time he reached the thirtieth page, there were already tens of thousands of light rays.
When Luo Nian climbed to the eightieth page, he finally walked out of the region of 'sand'. At the end of the light, pieces of stone began to appear.
"This should be the First Layer of Heaven. The Nirvana Token in the First Layer of Heaven has very weak Shen Jun Power," Luo Nian murmured.
He wanted to communicate with Jiang Ziya, but Jiang Ziya could not hear him in this form. Therefore, he could only rely on himself to see what he saw.
The objects connected by the light rays ranged from small to big. Among them, there were also some more precious Nirvana Realm tokens. These Nirvana Realm tokens were not buried underground. Instead, they were hidden in rooms of various sizes. These rooms had different styles.
"Rooms in the Nirvana Realm?"
"Temple, these are the Nirvana Tokens in the temple …"
Luo Nian knew too little about the Nirvana Realm. He needed to think for a while before he could react.
After many living creatures in the mother world entered the Nirvana Realm, their first goal was to explore the various temples in hopes of obtaining a decent Nirvana Token.
Therefore, from here on, the other end of the light ray would appear in the other party's inner world.
"It seems that the shape and size of the Nirvana Token are not important. What is important is the direction of the light ray …"
Luo Nian's mind was very meticulous. As he continued climbing, he could judge the strength of the Nirvana Token through some details.
These light rays were released from the side of the page. The outermost light ray of the page was connected to the Nirvana Token. Normally, they were common goods, while the innermost light ray of the Nirvana Token was more precious …
"If I change the direction of the light ray, will the nature of the Nirvana Token be changed?" A bold idea arose in Luo Nian's mind.
Thinking of this, he could not wait to walk to the edge of the page. After careful observation, he realized that the root of the light ray was a thumb-sized square stone. This stone was embedded in the page.
Luo Nian stretched out his hand and gently dug out the thumb-sized square stone!
"It can move now!" Luo Nian was delighted.
Just as he dug out the square stone, the light ray that extended to a distant place disappeared.
At the same time, in a deserted corner of the Second Heaven of the Nirvana Realm, the huge Triplet Stone suddenly lost its luster.
Everything in the Nirvana Realm contained energy. Only a very small number of things, such as the Elixir of Soul, Spirit Crystal, and some special things did not possess energy.
However, after Luo Nian cut off the light ray, the Triplet Stone became an ordinary stone. It had lost the qualification to be a Nirvana Token.
After digging out the square stone, Luo Nian walked to the inner side of the page. The inner side was also filled with numerous black pits, which were also thumb-sized.
Without hesitation, Luo Nian stuffed the black square stone in his hand in.
"Click!"
The moment the black square stone was stuffed in, the light ray extended to the Nirvana Realm again. The surface of the ordinary Triplet Stone lit up with orange-red light. The Nirvana Force contained in the Triplet Stone increased by more than ten times!
"What happened over there?"
In the Second Heaven of the Nirvana Realm, two horse-faced creatures sensed a strong aura being released from afar.
These two creatures came from the Sheng Clan in the mother world. It was a very small clan and was not well-known in the mother world.
As the two Sheng Clan's Yang Soul was not strong enough, they had been mingling in the Second Heaven of the Nirvana Realm.
When they found the Triplet Stone, their eyes suddenly stared blankly.
"Generally, the Triplet Stone only has the strength of two, three Jun …"
"This Triplet Stone seems to have the strength of ten Jun!"
"I can feel the scorching aura. This Triplet Stone seems to contain a special flame power!"
"Superb!"
The two horse-faced creatures were boiling inside. They had mingled in the Second Heaven for so many years, but this was the first time they had found such a strange Nirvana Token. The problem was that it was actually a Triplet Stone!
No one would believe such a thing if they told others …

Chapter 3490
These four pillars were of such a large scale that there was a set of strict rules that restricted every single thread in every single page.
No one could change the position of one of them without permission.
Changing the rules without permission would definitely lead to severe punishment.
When Luo Nian moved the first thread, a dilapidated statue at the end of the thousandth flight of stairs had a red glow in its eyes as its body trembled slightly.
"Intruder …"
This statue had stood there for countless years. If it was in the past, it would have immediately moved to clean up the intruder on the pillar.
However, the long years were like a corrosive poison. Even the statue made of holy stone that was known to never decay had decayed …
In comparison, the statues in the Eternal Divine Court were much luckier.
Due to the existence of the Time Lock, the four guardian statues in the Divine Court would never be damaged.
"Ka, ka, ka …"
The statue felt the energy from the pillar and tried to clean up the decaying debris attached to its joints.
After a while, its energy was exhausted and its eyes quickly dimmed.
Luo Nian naturally did not know what was happening above. After climbing to the height of the 500th flight of stairs, he realized that the number of Nirvana Realm tokens linked to the light rays had greatly increased.
As he reached out and brushed past the light rays, the locations of the Nirvana Realm tokens quickly reflected in his eyes.
"This guy's Inner World is filled with fish?"
"What a disgusting Inner World. There's sticky blood everywhere …"
"Seems like none of them are normal!"
Luo Nian had also "peeped" into many Inner Worlds through the Nirvana Realm tokens. After peeping into many Inner Worlds, he finally found a human town in one of them!
"This guy is definitely human …"
Luo Nian naturally did not know whether the other party was a friend or foe. However, what he was doing now was purely to satisfy his curiosity and even to the point of teasing the other party.
Without any hesitation, he directly dug out the square below the silk thread and placed it in the innermost first black pit.
At the same time, in Li Mountain's Baiwei Sect.
As the Sect Master, Ming Wei was currently leading the hundred over disciples in comprehending the "True Heavenly Li Explanation". This was a cultivation method unique to Li Mountain.
After Luo Zheng gave enough Chaotic Origin Crystals to Ming Wei, Ming Wei could be considered the last "Chaotic Origin Realm". And Ming Wei was the one who brought Luo Yan and Luo Zheng back. She had contributed greatly to Li Mountain and was naturally someone that Li Mountain focused on nurturing.
Now, the Hundred Veils Gate was the most popular among the many small sects in Li Mountain. Anyone with a discerning eye could tell that it would not be long before the Hundred Veils Gate became a major sect and Ming Wei would be promoted to sect master.
"Ah …"
At this moment, a beautiful female disciple not far away screamed, immediately attracting the attention of many people.
Ming Wei frowned and asked, "Han Chu, what's wrong?"
.............................
Han Chu had just reached the level four World Deity. The Paramita Talisman she fused with was very ordinary. But she was a disciple that Ming Wei thought highly of. Ming Wei would eventually help her obtain the best Paramita Talisman.
"Crippled?" Ming Wei was stunned.
Han Chu could feel the strange gazes from the surrounding people. Afraid that Ming Wei would not believe her, she directly brought out her Paramita Talisman. That was a white stone flower.
At this moment, the stone flower was dim without any light. It did not have any energy reaction. It was as if it was a flower carved from stone.
"Is this Paramita Talisman really crippled?"
"It doesn't seem like energy exhaustion …"
"Why don't we try replenishing it with God Crystals?"
The female disciples in the Baiwei Sect were stirred.
Even if the Paramita Talisman had its energy depleted, it would still have an energy reaction. This stone flower seemed to have become an ordinary item.
In the Paramita, everything had energy. It was almost impossible to find an item without energy …
Ming Wei was also puzzled. She had never seen such a situation before.
"Weng!"
Just as she was trying to figure it out, a violent energy reaction suddenly came from the stone flower. A cold aura gushed out from the stone flower and spread throughout the entire hall. This stone flower had been strengthened by at least twenty times in a short period of time!
"Eh?"
Han Chu was also dumbfounded. Ming Wei was even more surprised.
They had never seen a Paramita Talisman strengthen in such a way …
…
When Luo Nian switched the threads again, another surge of energy surged out from within the pillar.
At the end of the thousand-step flight of stairs, the dilapidated statue's eyes buzzed and flashed with an even brighter red light.
"Ka, ka, ka …"
This time, the statue finally moved. At the same time, it took a step forward.
"Intruder, kill, kill …"
This statue was designed to protect this huge pillar.
When it could move freely, its speed became faster and faster. It rushed down the flight of stairs.
"Ka Ka Ka …"
It was impossible for Luo Nian not to hear such a loud commotion.
The sound was getting louder and closer. Luo Nian felt a sense of danger. He stood at the edge of the flight of stairs and looked up. Only then did he see a dilapidated statue rushing down.
Luo Nian did not have any awareness, but he knew that this statue was targeting him.
He had no intention to fight with the statue. Without any hesitation, he ran down the flight of stairs.
However, the statue was too fast. After a few rounds, the distance between them was shortened rapidly. Most importantly, it was dragging Jiang Ziya behind it …
Seeing that they could not escape, Luo Nian turned Jiang Ziya's direction when the statue was close to them. At the same time, he patted Jiang Ziya's right shoulder.
In front of Jiang Ziya, there were dense light spots that almost covered his vision. He knew that Luo Nian had climbed up the pillar.
Luo Nian patted his right shoulder without any hesitation. He crossed his hands and slapped forward!
"Boom!"
Normally, the creatures in the Xuanliang World could not withstand Jiang Ziya's attack.
However, the statue on the pillar was not an ordinary object. After being hit by Jiang Ziya's attack, the statue only shook a little. It did not even take a step back.
"Oh no!"
Seeing this, Luo Nian's eyelids twitched. This time, he had met a tough opponent. Jiang Ziya might not be his opponent, at least in this form!
Luo Nian was smart. Without any hesitation, he held Jiang Ziya's hand and jumped to the side of the flight of stairs. The two of them fell down from hundreds of flights of stairs.
"Boom …"
After falling to the ground, Luo Nian jumped up and helped Jiang Ziya to stand up.
Jiang Ziya, on the other hand, was confused. He couldn't tell where the impact came from, and thought it was a counterattack from his opponent.
However, when he stood up and was about to counterattack, he felt that Luo Nian was dragging the rope again.
No matter what happened, he would follow Luo Nian immediately. Therefore, he had no time to counterattack, but followed Luo Nian to escape.
The statue did not intend to let Luo Nian go. Murmuring something, it went down the flight of stairs and chased after Luo Nian from the pillar!
As Luo Nian ran, he kept an eye on the movement behind him. His eyes were full of viciousness.

Chapter 3491
The nearest cave on the plain was only a few hundred feet away. Luo Nian arrived there in a second.
Although these caves were empty, the situation inside them was very complicated.
For example, some of them were filled with corrosive liquid, some of them were filled with poisonous gas, and some of them seemed to contain a complete sun.
The speed of the statue was so fast that it was only a few feet away from Luo Nian when Luo Nian ran past it.
There was no time for Luo Nian to think. He jumped again and dragged Jiang Ziya into the nearest cave.
"Crack, crack!"
The goal of the statue was to chase after the intruder. Even if Luo Nian left the pillar, it would still chase after him.
As soon as Luo Nian jumped in, it jumped in as well.
"Buzz …"
Tens of thousands of light spots, like raindrops, drilled into the cave below.
Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya quickly returned to their normal forms. They were still falling.
Jiang Ziya was very familiar with this kind of situation. After he recovered, he grabbed the rope around his waist and stabilized himself and Luo Nian in the air.
As soon as they stabilized themselves, they heard the sound of something breaking through the air. The statue stretched out a big hand and grabbed Jiang Ziya's head.
The statues on the pillar were not given any abilities, but they were very strong and had great strength.
If it grabbed Jiang Ziya's head, it would be able to crush his head into pieces!
Jiang Ziya's eyes were very sharp.
He reacted in an instant and realized that the opponent he was facing this time was not ordinary.
In a hurry, he shrank his head and the statue grabbed nothing.
At the same time, Jiang Ziya leaned his body to one side and stretched out his hand. A golden whip was whipped toward the statue.
"Crack!"
The moment the Holy Whip touched the statue, there was an ear-piercing cracking sound.
Luo Nian couldn't take it anymore. He covered his ears and screamed in pain. At the same time, blood flowed through his fingers.
Jiang Ziya frowned. He grabbed Luo Nian and stuffed him into the space tunnel. At the same time, the energy in his body surged toward the Holy Whip.
He had never seen such a strong statue. It could withstand his whip without being damaged.
"Kill, intruder …"
After the statue was drawn out for a distance, it turned back, but what greeted it was the endless shadows of the whip.
A series of golden whip shadows lashed out from left to right, drawing out an arc that was tens of thousands of feet long. Spatial ripples surged through the air one after another before lashing onto the statue at lightning speed.
Within a breath's time, Jiang Ziya had lashed out more than a thousand times.
The statue was originally extremely fast, but without the assistance of any movement technique, it was still too clumsy. It could only rely on its indestructible body to resist.
"Pa pa pa pa pa pa …"
The sound of the whip was like exploding beans, reverberating in this empty world.
The more Jiang Ziya attacked, the more surprised he was.
He was well aware of the power of the Deity Beating Whip!
In the Chaotic World, even the most powerful opponent could not withstand so many attacks.
This unremarkable statue shouldn't be anything special, but it could actually withstand his full-powered attacks for so long.
What material was the statue made of?
"Crack …"
Under Jiang Ziya's continuous attacks, this statue, which had been decaying for countless years, finally couldn't hold on any longer. One of its arms was broken.
Then, the second arm, legs, torso, and head were gradually eroded by the golden whip shadows. Finally, they were torn apart.
After defeating the statue, Jiang Ziya grabbed the air and released Luo Nian from the space tunnel. After treating him for a while, Jiang Ziya asked seriously, "Is this the statue that ran down from the Four Pillars?"
"Yes." Luo Nian stared at the pile of broken copper and iron and nodded. Even Jiang Ziya had spent so much time to deal with it, which showed the strength of this statue.
"When you entered the pillar, the statue launched an attack?" Jiang Ziya asked.
Jiang Ziya was not sensitive to the passage of time in the Xuanliang World, so he didn't know how long Luo Nian had stayed on the pillar.
"No." Luo Nian shook his head and said hesitantly, "Maybe I changed something that couldn't be changed …"
"Something that couldn't be changed? What's on the pillar? "Jiang Ziya asked again.
Luo Nian told Jiang Ziya about the pages and the light on the pillar.
"The light here … is connected to everything in the Nirvana Realm?" Jiang Ziya's face showed an indescribable expression. Obviously, he was extremely shocked.
There were many hypotheses about the Nirvana Realm, and the most popular one was that the energy came from the Xuanliang World.
This hypothesis, which had been unproven, was finally confirmed today.
Jiang Ziya, who heard it with his own ears, still felt that it was incredible …
All the powerful, sacred, and terrifying forces in the Nirvana Realm actually relied on these four huge pillars!
Now, it seemed that the situation in the Nirvana Realm in other "worlds" was similar.
These four pillars were probably the origin of everything.
Jiang Ziya found it even more unbelievable that Luo Nian could change the position of the light at will and change the nature of the Nirvana Realm token.
"It was fine when I changed it the first time, but when I changed it the second time, the statue chased after me. I guess there's more than one statue on the pillar." Luo Nian looked a little depressed. He thought he could do whatever he wanted, but it seemed that it was not that simple.
。
Looking at Luo Nian's sullen face, Jiang Ziya smiled and said, "Why don't you continue to go to the pillar and lure the other statues down?"
Jiang Ziya was very clear about the function of these four pillars. Of course, he did not support Luo Nian's retreat.
"Lure them down …" Luo Nian was still a little scared. "What if I can't escape?"
This statue was broken and somewhat stupid. If he encountered a slightly intelligent statue, it would be hard for him to escape.
"Let's use the original method." When Jiang Ziya reached out his hand, the Gist of Trueness of Three Spirits Construction was activated. The rope between him and Luo Nian kept extending.
Jiang Ziya stayed in this world, and Luo Nian climbed up with the rope. If there was any trouble, he could inform Jiang Ziya through the rope, and Jiang Ziya could directly pull him in from above …
…
Li Mountain.
On Shen Lan Peak.
A drop of blood dripped from the wound on Luo Zheng's fingertip.
This drop of sticky God of Origin Blood fell into a clear pool, but did not mix with the water.
The drop of blood was like a red bug. It suddenly jumped up and went straight to Luo Zheng's finger, drilling into the wound on his finger.
"Clack!"
Luo Zheng reached out and flicked the drop of God of Origin Blood back into the pool.
The drop of God of Origin Blood that returned to the pool became restless. It wandered around the pool and suddenly drilled into the bottom of the pool.
In the blink of an eye, the temperature of the pool increased rapidly, and white mist rose up.

Chapter 3492
Deep Mist Peak was a cultivation ground in Li Mountain. The pool did not look big, but it was actually ten thousand feet deep.
A drop of Origin Divine Blood could actually evaporate the pool in an instant. The heat it emitted was obvious.
"Whoosh —"
The drop of Origin Divine Blood at the bottom of the pool shot out and began to elongate in front of Luo Zheng. It turned into a thin line about ten feet long and sank into the mountain wall of Deep Mist Peak at the same time.
"Hiss hiss hiss hiss …"
A ripping sound came from the mountain. The Origin Divine Blood was actually cutting the mountain!
Because Luo Zheng did not accept it, it began to do all kinds of crazy things. It seemed to be using its instinct to tell Luo Zheng that if it was not accepted, it would destroy everything …
"This guy …"
Luo Zheng was speechless. He even subconsciously stopped treating it as a drop of blood, but as a living creature!
In just two or three breaths of time, a neat cut appeared on one side of Deep Mist Peak.
If this drop of Origin Divine Blood was given enough time, it could really saw through Deep Mist Peak!
Helpless, Luo Zheng could only extend his right hand toward it.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt a strange fluctuation from the Origin Divine Blood in his body. It was as if the Origin Divine Blood in his body was releasing a signal, calling for the drop of Origin Divine Blood to return.
The drop of blood that had drilled into Deep Mist Peak also seemed to have ears. It heard the call of Luo Zheng's bloodline and quickly rushed back, once again drilling into Luo Zheng's finger!
Luo Zheng originally planned to accept this drop of blood, but after feeling the abnormality of the Origin Divine Blood in his body, his face sank. He flicked his finger again and sent the drop of Origin Divine Blood flying!
His body was his own master. How could he allow his bloodline to overstep its boundaries?
In fact, Luo Zheng had already noticed that the process of his bloodline fusion was slightly different from others in the plaza.
According to the Primeval Lord of Heaven, once the bloodline fusion was successful, it would become one with him.
While the ability bestowed by the bloodline might not be practiced in the beginning, with continuous use, one would eventually become more and more skilled.
The bloodline was attached to the main body. It had no intelligence and would not cause any trouble.
But Luo Zheng's bloodline was a bit strange …
He didn't know how to use the Origin Divine Blood at all. When he came out of the Immortal Painting, he relied on the Origin Divine Blood to identify the corresponding divine ability.
In other words, the Origin God Blood was more like the person behind the scenes, and Luo Zheng was just a puppet!
It wasn't easy for him to obtain the bloodline, but he had become a puppet of the bloodline?
Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't allow such a thing to happen!
"Woo, woo …"
The drop of Origin Divine Blood that Luo Zheng had flicked away suddenly changed.
Although it was only the size of a soybean, at this moment, it actually turned into the shape of a monster's head. It even grew a mouth and vocal organs, and at the same time, simulated a wail. It was obviously protesting against Luo Zheng.
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt that he had lost control of his body.
It was as if there was another person in his body leading him. His entire body stiffly pounced towards the drop of blood.
During this process, no matter how much power Luo Zheng released, even if he borrowed the power of the Nirvana Realm token, he couldn't reverse it.
He trembled as he held out his hand to the drop of Origin Divine Blood. The monster-like drop of Origin Divine Blood finally returned to normal and drilled into Luo Zheng's fingertips. Then, the force controlling Luo Zheng's body disappeared, and his body returned to normal.
After the violent conflict between the two forces disappeared, Luo Zheng actually felt a burst of soreness in his body. He fell to the ground as if he had lost all his strength. Panting, he said to the Lord of Heaven, "This bloodline isn't honest enough …"
The Lord of Heaven was speechless.
In fact, when the Origin Divine Blood could make all kinds of responses, the Lord of Heaven felt that something was wrong.
Considering that the Origin Divine Blood was unusual and beyond the Lord of Heaven's knowledge, perhaps this was its own bloodline ability, so he didn't think too much about it. Now it seemed that the Origin Divine Blood had its own consciousness. At least, it would go against Luo Zheng's orders.
Order!
"Maybe you haven't really refined the Origin Divine Blood," said the Lord of Heaven.
After learning about the origin of the Origin Divine Blood in the Eternal Divine Court, the Lord of Heaven was somewhat worried.
The Origin Divine Blood alone was extremely powerful, let alone the Origin Divine Blood that no one had ever completely obtained.
Luo Zheng's expression was grave. He also realized the seriousness of the problem. "What should I do?"
The bloodline was powerful, but if he became its puppet, the gains would not make up for the losses.
"You must find a way to refine it and erase the Origin Divine Blood's consciousness. I'll help you!" said the Lord of Heaven.
Luo Zheng didn't know how intelligent the Origin Divine Blood was. He didn't say anything at the moment. He just sat down cross-legged and formed an incarnation in his Inner World.
Fortunately, there was still a lot of power in Luo Zheng's Inner World that could be borrowed!
Under the arrangement of the Lord of Heaven, Goddess Nuwa, and the others, Luo Zheng's Inner World formed a crimson net formation called the "Sky Blood Net".
In order to erase the bloodline's consciousness, the Origin Divine Blood had to be completely sorted out.
It took more than half a day to prepare, and a full six days in the Inner World.
When Luo Zheng excitedly moved the "Sky Blood Net" out of his dantian, the moment he unfolded it, the bloodline in his Inner World fluctuated.
The "Sky Blood Net" disappeared without a trace like a cow entering a muddy sea …
"…"
Luo Zheng, the Lord of Heaven, Goddess Nuwa, and the other human heroes who came up with the plan were all speechless.
"It was eroded by the opposite energy," Goddess Nuwa said embarrassedly.
"That's too simple." The Lord of Heaven also shook his head. The Origin Divine Blood could dissolve any energy. Luo Zheng probably couldn't do it alone. "It seems that we can only borrow external power."
"External power …" Luo Zheng looked thoughtful. "The power of Ji?"
"Yes." The Lord of Heaven nodded.
Ji and Cramped controlled the two truths of "Life" and "Creation" respectively.
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. They were facing a great enemy, and a great battle could erupt at any time. Before that, Luo Zheng had to resolve this hidden danger in his Inner World, and Ji wasn't someone he couldn't trust.
Luo Zheng found Ji and roughly explained the situation of the bloodline. Ji was puzzled, but he actually understood.
The bloodline Luo Zheng obtained was too powerful. Such a bloodline naturally had some strange characteristics …
As the Child of Truth who controlled the truth of Life, Ji was very familiar with bloodlines. After thinking for a while, he attacked.
But when Ji pierced a wound on Luo Zheng's back and injected the energy of truth into Luo Zheng's Inner World, the situation was exactly the same as the "Sky Blood Net". It instantly disappeared without a trace.
Although Ji knew the characteristics of Luo Zheng's bloodline, he still wasn't convinced. He didn't believe that he couldn't suppress it today!
The energy of truth kept pouring in, but it kept dispersing.
But even when Ji felt tired, the Origin Divine Blood in Luo Zheng's Body was still strong.

Chapter 3493
After expending so much effort to not suppress the bloodline in Luo Zheng's body, 'Ji' felt a little embarrassed.
He only knew that Luo Zheng had fused with a powerful bloodline, but "Ji" did not know the grade of the bloodline in the Immortal Painting. Luo Zheng also did not reveal everything.
"The strength of this bloodline is unbelievable." Ji was absent-minded for a while, then said insistently, "Wait for me to call Suo over to help!"
Looking at "Ji's" attitude, it seemed like he would not stop until he helped Luo Zheng suppress his bloodline.
After "Suo" heard "Ji's" words, he also showed great interest.
The Chaos Ancient Gods were all powerful because of their special bloodlines, so they were very concerned about other unique and powerful bloodlines.
After "Suo" came over, he discussed with "Ji." The two Chaos Ancient Gods worked together to suppress Luo Zheng's bloodline, but the result was still disappointing.
The Origin Bloodline stood at the top of the energy level, and could be combined to restrain the energy at will. It could achieve the effect of a small amount of force.
Both internal and external forces were used, but the result was back to square one.
This time, even the Primeval Lord of Heaven was at his wit's end …
"When we first entered Shang Qing Heaven, we also encountered hundreds of crises. Sometimes, we could not solve the problem in front of us no matter how hard we tried," said the Primeval Lord of Heaven. "But we did not complain then. After all, it was our first time entering Shang Qing Heaven.
Because everything is unfamiliar. We need to explore step by step, and even risk our lives … "
Going to unfamiliar territory meant more unknown difficulties and dangers, but the rewards were also great.
Luo Zheng's Origin Divine Blood was so powerful …
Even the Four Spirit Gates did not seem to have anyone who could obtain it completely.
This was a great test for Luo Zheng himself, but also a great opportunity.
As for how to control the Origin Divine Blood, he could only explore step by step.
After returning to Deep Mist Peak, Luo Zheng tried to communicate with the Origin Divine Blood to see if the situation could turn for the better.
…
In Xi Shengzhou on one side of Li Mountain, black ships were lined up side by side.
The boatman stood at the bow of the ship with Tongtian Sect Leader. The other members of the black ship followed closely behind, all with solemn expressions.
"Will 'Sky' play any tricks?" The captain asked uneasily.
Sky and the Prime of Tongtian had made an oath using the Twin Life Snakes. Before taking down Li Mountain, Sky would not attack the Prime of Tongtian.
According to their previous agreement, they would attack Mount Li together.
However, just as Tongtian led the people of the black ship to Xi Shengzhou, another Chaos Ancient God, Suo, also arrived at Li Mountain.
Even though there were two Primal Chaos Ancient Gods present, Tongtian was prepared to take action. But in the end, he was stopped by Sky.
According to what Kong said, Li Shan must have an unusually powerful trump card. Now that there were two Chaos Ancient Gods, he might be at a disadvantage if he acted rashly. He had already summoned the two Chaos Ancient Gods, Xu and Leng.
These three primal chaos ancient gods were all on the side of the path of order, which meant that they were on Genryū's side.
If they all came together, they would be a great threat to the Wu Kong Clan. Even Tongtian Sect Leader would have a hard time dealing with them. This was what the ship captain was worried about.
On one hand, Kong was gathering helpers. On the other hand, Li Mountain was also gathering strong reinforcements.
In these two days, the ship captain had already felt a few strong spatial fluctuations. Clearly, there were strong people who had escaped into Li Mountain through the spatial tunnel.
Among the three sides, they were the only ones without strong reinforcements. The longer this dragged on, the more disadvantageous it would be for them.
Tongtian Sect Leader was very calm. He was even a little calm.
"The conflict between them is bigger than ours," Tongtian Sect Leader said. "We don't need to be in a hurry to play the leading role."
Those who believed in the path of order and those who believed in the path of the end should have a battle. These two opposing forces were the biggest differences in the mother world.
Tongtian hurriedly rushed over. Suddenly, he figured it out.
The Wu Kong Clan did not need to be the most anxious one …
Although the conversation was not loud, it was heard by Evil Deities not far away. They did not want to hide it from Evil Deities.
Evil Deities was still focused on searching for the tentacle. They seemed to be indifferent to everything in the outside world.
But deep in their hearts, Evil Deities still had their own plans.
Now was probably the best time for them …
They had completely broken free from Luo Zheng's control, devoured Green Ghost, and had the Wu Kong Clan to ride on.
They wanted to become stronger in the shortest time possible. Then, they would find the best opportunity to control everything here, including this strong guy.
Evil Deities looked at Tongtian Sect Leader's back. A faint haze flashed in the depths of their eyes.
…
Dao Zen State on the west side of Li Mountain.
Dao Zen State was very close to Li Mountain. It was also under Li Mountain's control. Naturally, there were many humans scattered in the state. There were countries, cities, and villages here.
These people in Dao Zen State looked up at the sky. They saw a distorted silhouette in the boundless sky. It was as if someone had twisted the blue sky into a fried dough twist.
There was clearly nothing, but as long as they looked up, they would feel a great pressure.
If someone used greater teleportation to enter the spatial tunnel to look, they would see a huge body that was close to a million feet tall. It was Sky who was hiding here.
Sky's concealment was not brilliant. Of course, he did not plan to be brilliant.
"Xu" and "Leng" were both rushing over. Once one of them arrived, "Kong" would make his move.
While waiting, Sky also got in touch with Shinno, requesting the Elemental Spirit Clan to provide necessary support. Shinno relayed the Elemental Spirit Clan's words, saying that they would act at the critical moment.
Sky could hear the bitterness in Shinno's tone.
Fire had been killed by Ji's antidote, but Fire himself had not died. He had implicated Ji Xuanyuan and caused him to be half dead.
If Genryū still wanted to participate in this battle, Shinno would be the next sacrifice. This was not something Shinno wanted to see.
But at this point, he had no choice.
Hum …
A strangely shaped cage suddenly appeared in the sky above Dao Zen State.
The structure of the cage was very exquisite. It was like a unique piece of art.
Following a spatial ripple, another enormous figure appeared within the cage. It was none other than the Primal Chaos Ancient God, Ruin.
Ruin did not hide his appearance at all. His huge body came out of the cage. His aura spread out in all directions like an invisible storm, wandering through the entire Dao Zen State.
This aura contained a kind of truth energy that could imprison everything. All the living beings in Dao Zen State were suppressed to the point of being unable to breathe.
"This day came earlier than I thought," Ruin said faintly.
Compared to Cold and Sky, Ruin's position was not as firm.

Chapter 3494
Little ÷ said …
], male/small ÷ said … …
】，
Among the six Chaos Ancient Gods, Ruin was the most gentle.
He chose the Path of Order because Ji Xuanyuan represented Genryū and gave him a vision, a Chaos that was almost eternal.
Ruin didn't care about his own life, but he was very tempted by the vision.
In the last round of Chaos, most of Ruin's races were wiped out. His true love also died in completing the Path of the End. This was also one of the biggest reasons why Fuxi couldn't convince him.
Fuxi was extremely talented in Ruin's eyes, but the possibility of completing the Path of the End was almost zero.
"If we wait any longer, we won't have a chance when the Path of the End comes," Kong said.
When the Chaos reached a certain level, the needle would naturally appear.
Now, what the Path of Order had to do was to completely eliminate those who were obsessed with the Path of the End. Then, they would wipe out the other creatures in the Mother World.
This kind of extinction had already happened … …
Previously, Kong had helped Ji Xuanyuan and the others destroy the creatures in three hundred states.
"Then let's do it … …" Ruin understood the situation and didn't hesitate.
Kong nodded. But at this moment, a human on the ground flew up.
This human was a native of Zen State. He had also entered Li Mountain to cultivate. Now, his cultivation was at level nine of the Nirvana Realm.
Facing the giant above him, he wasn't afraid at all. Instead, he used all his strength to speak. "Great Ancient God, Chaos created you to complete the Path of the End. It's not for you to betray!"
Most people who agreed with the Path of the End felt that the Chaos Ancient Gods should be united.
But the result was the opposite. The Chaos Ancient Gods were tearing each other apart.
"Kong" glanced at him expressionlessly. A glimmer of light flashed across that huge single eye, and this human of the Nirvana Realm froze in the air.
Crash … …
With a crisp sound, he shattered into countless pieces.
Every piece was fixed in space. Not a single drop of blood flowed out.
When Ruin saw this, he reached out and gently pointed.
An invisible cage bound the pieces. When the cage shrank, it cleverly put all the pieces together and restored the human's original shape.
The body was perfectly restored, but the human had lost his vitality.
"I don't like too much chaos," Ruin said.
Kong sneered disdainfully. "You will consume more energy to restore him, and the chaos will naturally be greater!"
As he spoke …
Kong's body suddenly emitted a wave of energy.
As this wave of spatial fluctuations spread out, the space within the entire Dao Zen State vibrated at an extremely high frequency thousands of times in a short period of time.
All kinds of buildings, mountains, rivers, and living beings were instantly pulverized by the vibrations.
Only a small number of Nirvana Realm cultivators survived, but they were also heavily injured.
These creatures would be destroyed sooner or later. Kong's heart did not waver in the slightest.
Ruin only shook his head slightly. He extended his slender finger and waved it in the air.
"Rumble rumble rumble …"
One blue column after another rose up, surrounding the entirety of Mount Li in a neat circle. These blue columns kept rising, a thousand feet, a hundred thousand feet, a million feet. The slender columns shot straight into the sky.
This was a new prison. Everything in the prison would be cleared.
On the other side, the Kurofune also saw the column that grew out of thin air.
"Ruins has made his move," said the boatman.
Tongtian nodded. "Now that Mount Li is besieged, let's see how they deal with it."
From the beginning to the end, Tongtian appeared very calm.
These Primal Chaos Ancient Gods were troublesome, but he had ways to deal with them.
The Six Great Truth Divine Abilities had been thoroughly studied. For an existence like Tongtian, he was more afraid of the unknown and uncertain power.
Therefore, Tongtian was rather uneasy about Luo Zheng, who looked the weakest.
Silently, Luo Zheng was able to control his Fishing Drum. Even now, the Prime of Tongtian was still confused.
This also increased his determination to capture Luo Zheng.
…
When the first blue column rose up, a huge vibration was transmitted into Mount Li, and the sound of alarm rang out in Mount Li.
All the mountain masters and gate masters ordered their subordinates to return to their positions.
Previously, when Nuwa gathered them, she had already informed them.
This battle was a battle of life and death between experts. Even experts in the Holy Soul Realm were not qualified to participate.
However, they could form a whole through the Misty Mountain Formation!
In the entire Mount Li, there was only one expert who could fight against the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods!
At the top of Mount Li.
A reddish-gold array floated in the air, and in the center of the array, Luo Yan was standing on it.
From afar, the complicated golden array seemed to have become her golden dress, and this "dress" happened to cover her snake tail.
Hum …
This "golden dress" began to flicker.
At the same time, Luo Yan also took out an "energy shaft".
"Begin." Luo Yan's eyes were only slightly nervous.
Her voice was not loud, but the moment she spoke, it spread from the top of Mount Li to the bottom.
"Begin …"
"Begin …"
"Begin …"
Her voice was constantly transmitted, resounding in the ears of every Mount Li disciple.
Mount Li was so big that it almost occupied an entire province.
The higher the altitude of the people of Mount Li, the stronger they were.
The mountain masters and gate masters' peaks were close to Mount Li.
As for the ordinary gate masters and disciples, they were at the mountainside.
The cities built by the Gods and mortals were mostly at the foot of the mountain.
When the disciples and gate masters heard Luo Yan's voice, they all sat cross-legged and poured their strength into the golden array in front of them.
The small golden arrays were tributaries, and the tributaries gathered into nine main branches, and the power of the nine main branches finally flowed into Luo Yan's "golden dress".
As the energy flowed, the layer of white cloud sea that enveloped Mount Li also surged and tumbled.
"Hum —"
The power contained in the "golden dress" became extremely terrifying. It gathered the complicated energy of countless Mount Li disciples.
If one did not rely on the energy shaft, such energy could not be used.
Luo Yan's finger gently touched the array, and the energy in the "golden dress" suddenly burst forth, shooting toward the energy shaft above her head.
After receiving guidance from the Ji Chou civilization, Luo Yan's energy shaft had greatly improved in a short period of time.
However, according to the Ji Chou civilization, this was still not the complete version of the energy shaft. If the imagined energy shaft was really realized, then all wars would become meaningless. Controlling such an energy shaft meant unlimited power.
It was equivalent to unlimited power.
She raised her right hand, and her slender finger pointed at the blue pillar in the distance.
"Go!"

Chapter 3495
These blue pillars were enough to seal the entirety of Mount Li. Once they were formed, even Ji and Narrow would find it difficult to break through.
Ruin was still very confident in himself.
But just as the blue pillars rose, a faint golden beam shot out.
The golden beam contained so much energy that Ruin could not help but suck in a cold breath. He reflexively opened his hands, releasing Truth Energy from his palms into the blue pillars.
The blue pillars seemed to be coated with a layer of blue light, greatly increasing their stability.
"Boom!"
The pale golden beam of light blasted against the blue pillar and exploded. The originally stable blue pillar suddenly tilted to the side, and a large part of it collapsed.
When Void and Void felt the power of the golden light, their hearts trembled slightly as well.
Truth Energy was very easy to distinguish. This golden beam clearly did not come from Ji and Narrow, nor was it from Nuwa or Fuxi. Who else in Mount Li could release such powerful energy?
"How could my prison be destroyed so easily?" Ruin said calmly.
"Rumble …"
In the area where the blue pillars had collapsed, dozens of pillars rose up.
Of the six Chaos Elder Gods, Ruin was the most indifferent. But once he attacked, he would plan all sorts of countermeasures.
Mount Li wanted to use its domineering energy to stop the prison from forming, but in his eyes, it was futile!
On the peak of Mount Li, Luo Yan destroyed the blue pillars with her first attack. Her lips curled up slightly.
The millions of living beings in Mount Li were here. Her brother was here as well. There was also Goddess Nuwa and Lord Fuxi …
In her eyes, this was her final shelter. She had to protect it at all costs.
"They're growing again?"
When Luo Yan saw the blue pillars rapidly growing again, a cold look appeared on her face. The corners of her eyes turned sharper. "Then let's see if you grow faster or if I cut you faster!"
As soon as she said that, Luo Yan flicked her ten fingers.
The energy in the "golden dress" beneath her quickly flowed into the energy shaft, and under Luo Yan's control, the energy shaft rapidly shot out golden blades of light.
This ability to control energy was engraved in Luo Yan's bones. She was already familiar with it when she first condensed Nuwa's shadow. This was also the reason why Nuwa chose Luo Yan.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
The golden light poured onto the blue pillars, releasing rings of golden light. All the pillars that came into contact with the golden light blades were destroyed.
The pillars were destroyed, but in the Dao Zen State, with just a thought, more blue pillars sprouted up like bamboo shoots after the rain!
"Rumble …"
Mount Li's massive body was also trembling slightly. Occasionally, there would be rocks rolling off the mountain, or mountain peaks collapsing.
At the moment of life and death for Li Mountain, this was just a small matter.
Nuwa stood in midair not far away. Her expression was solemn as she observed the situation at the edge of Mount Li.
Xu and Luo Yan making a move could only be considered a kind of probing.
Luo Yan was a trump card of Mount Li and should not have been the first to be used.
But Nuwa had arranged for her to be the first to act. Her goal was to intimidate the Wu Kong Clan and Genryū. At least, they would have the misconception that Mount Li was not something they could easily defeat!
For two whole hours, the two sides were at a stalemate like this!
Xu's own truth energy was very plentiful. He was not afraid of wasting it.
Luo Yan relied on the millions of people of Mount Li. As these people released their own power, they were also continuously replenishing shen crystals.
Before the battle, Mount Li had already distributed the shen crystals that had been stored for many years. With the shen crystals in Mount Li right now, it would not be a problem to last for a month.
This kind of trick continued until the sixth hour.
Both sides appeared very patient, especially Luo Yan. This was the first time she was fighting against the strongest primal chaos ancient gods of the primal chaos world. Her eyes flashed, and she appeared to be completely focused!
But "Kong" was not very patient. He felt that Xu's actions were unnecessary. Since the prison could not be built, then there was no need to waste time on it!
"Weng!"
A light flashed through "Kong's" enormous eyeball. An enormous ball appeared in front of him.
Around the ball, hollow thorns that were a million zhang long continuously appeared. These hollow thorns continuously appeared and pressed into the ball. In a short while, over ten thousand hollow thorns were squeezed into the enormous ball.
"Shrink!"
"Kong" spat out a word.
The ball started to quickly shrink. The hollow thorns that were a million zhang long inside the ball were also compressed!
This huge sphere finally shrunk to a size of a few hundred feet. Then, "Kong" reached out and lightly tapped the surface of the sphere. A blue square frame enveloped the sphere. The next moment, the sphere was sent into Li Mountain without any warning.
Luo Yan could sense anything that entered Mount Li through the Cloud Mountain Mist Shield Formation.
When she sensed the ball, this foreign object, her gaze quickly swept over and she lightly flicked at the ball.
"Weng!"
A golden blade of light hit the ball.
This sphere had bound a large number of Void Caltrop Spikes, and the pressure inside had already reached a limit.
Not to mention being hit by Luo Yan's golden blade of light, even a full-powered attack from a Nirvana Realm cultivator could easily shatter it.
But the moment this sphere was shattered, the Void Caltrop Spikes compressed within it were released. Tens of thousands of thin and long Void Caltrop Spikes were like swords a million feet long, sinking into the Misty Mountain Array Formation!
With a light sweep of these thorns, an entire mountain was chopped off.
If they entered a mountain gate of Mount Li, the entire mountain gate would be destroyed. The people inside would also be crushed into meat paste …
The formations that were set up on the mountain along the way were also destroyed by the hollow thorns.
Seeing that his attack was effective, "Kong" did the same. Three more balls appeared in front of him. At the same time, more hollow thorns were squeezed into them.
With a flash of blue light, the balls were sent into Mount Li!
But at this moment, Mount Li reacted quickly.
"Kong" appeared in front of one of the balls in an instant. There was a glazed goblet in his hand. It was the Sky Treasure Glazed Goblet.
"Clang!"
The glazed goblet suddenly enveloped the ball and directly contained it.
"Bang!"
The ball exploded inside the glazed goblet. Countless hollow thorns were forcibly blocked by the glazed goblet.
As for the other ball, it was swallowed by "Ji" who appeared in time.
Those Void Caltrop Spikes might cause damage to Ji's body, but normal injuries were meaningless to Ji.
As for the last sphere, Nuwa would deal with it.
Nuwa's strength was inferior to "Ji" and "Narrow". At the instant she appeared, a thin noose appeared in her hand. The noose gently wrapped around the sphere, and at the instant the sphere was wrapped around, it was transported into the interior of Blackfoal Mountain.

Chapter 3496
Space sensed that this wave of attacks had been intercepted and sneered, "You can intercept it every time?"
Now, Space and Ruin's attacks outside of Li Mountain were mainly to destroy the weak living beings in Li Mountain.
In terms of thinking, it was very correct.
The energy released by Luo Yan's energy axis was extremely powerful. Even the Chaos Ancient Gods could not withstand it.
As long as "Kong" and "Xu" killed the disciples, Sect Masters, and Mountain Chieftains in large numbers, Luo Yan's foundation would no longer exist.
"Buzz buzz buzz buzz …"
Five huge spheres appeared in front of Space. When the five spheres were filled with compressed space spikes, Space gently raised his hand and sent the five spheres back to Li Mountain.
"Hmph, let me do it alone!"
Space's huge figure suddenly floated above Li Mountain. It looked like a lazy movement, but in reality, it was so fast that no one could react.
Its figure instantly split into five, each of them holding a Sky Treasure Glazed Goblet in their hands.
"Clang clang clang clang clang!"
With five crisp sounds, the Sky Treasure Glazed Goblets accurately caught the spheres.
After the spheres exploded, the rhombus-shaped spikes inside them could do nothing to the Glazed Goblets. Space's attack was blocked by Space alone.
When Space sensed that his attack had been intercepted by Space, he snorted coldly. However, he did not adjust his attack. He continued to compress the Sky Treasure Glazed Goblets into spheres of various sizes before sending them back to Li Mountain.
But no matter how many balls "Sky" sent in, "Narrow" would take them all.
In Li Mountain, Nuwa had already returned to the Jade Platform. Her eyes revealed a hint of gloominess.
Although Li Mountain had defended against the attacks of the two Chaos Ancient Gods, this was still not in line with Nuwa's expectations!
"Space's temperament is irritable. We are defending and not attacking, but he is actually patient enough to not attack," Nuwa said with a frown.
Li Mountain's foundation was not something that could be passed down by word of mouth. Nuwa had indeed prepared a huge gift for the Chaos Ancient Gods. It just depended on which side attacked first.
According to Nuwa's deduction, it was most likely Space.
But Void clearly wasn't as stupid as he appeared to be. Just like Ruin, he seemed to be using some lightning-fast methods, but in reality, this stalemate was just stalling for time …
"They probably want to wait for the black ships to attack first." Fuxi looked to the other side. Through the Cloud Mountain Mist Shield Formation, he could clearly see the row of black ships floating in the air.
The people of Kurofune wanted the Primal Chaos Ancient God to make the first move and then reap the benefits. The Primal Chaos Ancient God had the same idea.
A three-way contest was often like this.
"Heh, then let's continue like this. I want to see whose patience is better." Nuwa pursed her lips and smiled.
…
On Deep Mist Peak, Luo Zheng could see golden blades of light shooting out.
Every time a blade of light exploded, it would cause Mount Li, which was the size of a prefecture, to tremble. Luo Yan's strength was terrifying.
Luo Zheng's face was faintly solemn.
Since he had just entered the Sempiternal realm, he was still unable to control his bloodline.
In a battle of this level, the power he could display was limited.
If those Primal Chaos Ancient Gods and Religious Master Tongtian were to attack Mount Li, Luo Yan who controlled the energy axis would likely be their first target.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng became worried.
'I am unable to utilize the Origin God Blood. The Origin God Blood's transformations are only for self-protection against external energy. In that case, I should have absorbed the Origin God Blood …' Luo Zheng helplessly shook his head.
Not long after Luo Zheng obtained the Origin God Blood, when he left Eternal God Court and passed through those spaces, the Origin God Blood seemed to be quite generous. It even allowed Luo Zheng to comprehend the structure of those Origin God Blood.
If Luo Zheng were to adjust the ability of the Origin God Blood, he could adjust the Origin God Blood …
But ever since he left the Undying Painting Scroll, the Origin God Blood became more independent. It no longer gave Luo Zheng any authority.
When Heavenly Venerable Primordial Beginning heard Luo Zheng's tone, he knew that the other party was feeling depressed. Just as he wanted to persuade him, Luo Zheng allowed his Chaotic Origin Spirit to enter a state of fatigue before forming a wound on his arm.
This time, he released a greater amount of Origin God Blood. It was about the size of a fist!
The surface of the Origin God Blood fluctuated. It turned into the shape of a little monster. It let out a strange roar at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng could not understand its roar. Nevertheless, he still said with a stern expression, "I don't care what your motive is for hiding in my body. But I need strength. I need strength to overcome the difficulties ahead!"
Luo Zheng pointed to the distance. Three golden blades of light exploded. A huge sound wave spread across the entire Li Mountain, causing the mountain to sway.
"Do you think you are safe?" Luo Zheng sneered, "Can you guarantee that no one from the Four Spirit Sect is behind them? Knowing the existence of your bottom line, they naturally have a way to defeat me. That is to defeat you! "
Luo Zheng could roughly understand the simple thinking of the Origin God Blood. It only gave Luo Zheng the ability to protect himself. Hence, it could help Luo Zheng to overcome everything.
As for the strength that Luo Zheng sought, it did not consider it at all.
"Ao, ao …"
The fist-sized blood monster was still roaring. However, its voice was much softer.
Luo Zheng was very sure that the Four Spirit Sect was the "Instant Civilization." However, the Four Spirit Sect was not a whole. It was hard to say what their stance was.
However, from what he knew, even the creatures of the Four Spirit Sect were very interested in the Origin God Blood.
"If you help me, I won't fall into their hands. If you don't help me, I'm afraid it'll be hard to say!"
Luo Zheng said in a half-communicative, half-threatening manner.
As soon as he finished speaking, the blood monster roared again. At the same time, Luo Zheng felt his body stiffen. The blood in his body was pulling his legs to escape!
However, just as the Origin God Blood took a step forward, Luo Zheng's body also erupted with strength.
His legs were tied together. With a "plop", he fell to the ground.
"How can I let you do as you wish?" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
As he spoke, he got up from the ground. Seeing that he was about to run forward again, Luo Zheng just quietly exerted his strength and tripped himself again …
After all, the Origin God Blood could only control Luo Zheng's body through blood. However, Luo Zheng's body still had bones and meridians.
In the struggle for control, Luo Zheng had a slight upper hand.
Of course, this was only for now. The future was uncertain. This was also what Luo Zheng was worried about.
Maybe it completely understood Luo Zheng's words, or maybe it realized that it could not persuade Luo Zheng for the time being. The little blood monster that was still outside Luo Zheng's body made a few "wu wu" sounds, as if it wanted to beg for mercy. Then it jumped onto Luo Zheng's shoulder.
It did not force itself on Luo Zheng's right arm. Instead, it waited for Luo Zheng's permission.

Chapter 3497
As Luo Zheng's voice fell, the Origin God Blood in his body fluctuated.
In Luo Zheng's perception, he could sense that the Origin God Blood had used the abilities of six life quadrants. In addition, there was also an ability from the space-time quadrant. Moreover, it was an ability that was ranked in the eighties of the space-time quadrant. It was very obscure.
A bloodline formed by the combination of seven different abilities …
"Is this considered an Origin Bloodline?" Luo Zheng's expression slightly froze.
Perhaps these three hundred and seventy-three abilities had unlimited combinations, but the Origin Bloodline defined by the Eternal Scar Divine Court was the bloodline of those four dimensions.
Luo Zheng tried to circulate the bloodline ability in his body. Just as he used it, he felt a burning sensation from his body. His body began to undergo drastic changes.
Thin muscles grew and quickly keratinized, turning into a layer of fine and sturdy armor.
After this armor appeared, it quickly sank and embedded itself on the surface of his skin, covering his entire body tightly.
Luo Zheng looked at his body and didn't know whether to laugh or cry. "You didn't give me an Origin Bloodline at all. You're just afraid that I'll bleed right?"
The Origin God Blood seemed to hate Luo Zheng for separating it. Now that this disgusting armor had grown on his body, it was clearly to prevent Luo Zheng from harming himself …
"It's only this level of enhancement.
It's simply not enough to resist. "
"You're not afraid of being caught by them?"
"…"
Luo Zheng threatened a few words, but the Origin God Blood didn't move at all. It simply didn't plan to pay attention to him.
"Rumble …"
Li Mountain was still shaking slightly.
Luo Yan was becoming more and more familiar with the way the energy axis attacked. The speed at which the golden light blades were released also became faster and faster. The edge of Li Mountain was neatly cut by the golden light blades.
"Ruin" was still stubbornly urging the growth of the blue pillars. However, as Luo Yan's speed and efficiency increased, a huge gap appeared in the blue pillars that originally surrounded Li Mountain.
If this continued, Luo Yan might be able to completely suppress "Ruin".
As for the balls that Sky threw in, they were all caught by Narrow one after another. Almost none of them missed.
Although Mount Li was huge, it was still very easy for a Primal Chaos Ancient God to destroy a prefecture. Just the energy released by 'Ruin' and 'Void' was enough to destroy Mount Li several times over.
However, under the protection of Luo Yan and the others, Li Shan remained unmoved.
On the black ship.
Tongtian, who had been calm and composed, finally felt a little irritated.
In the end, Void and Ruin were not his Alliance Masters. They were only temporarily not attacking each other because they had the same goal. In essence, they were also his enemies.
Now, the two Primal Chaos Ancient Gods were exchanging blows with Li Shan. It was obvious that they were wasting time!
"Are they planning to continue like this?" The Prime of Tongtian frowned.
"Perhaps, they need someone to break the balance," the ship captain suggested as he saw Tongtian's mood.
"Are you waiting for me to make a move?" Tongtian asked.
"I think so." The boatman nodded.
"Since that's the case, let me break this balance …"
The Prime of Tongtian shook his hand, and the Six Soul Banner floated in the air.
As he shook it gently, the black flames on the Six Soul Banner floated out endlessly, like black snakes entangling his Qingping Sword.
He pointed his finger at the Qingping Sword, and the aura of the Truth of Life spread out.
The eyes of the boatman, the crew, and even the Evil Deities not far away flashed slightly when they sensed this aura.
The members of the black ship were surprised that the Prime of Tongtian could use the Truth of Life. However, when they recalled that the Prime of Tongtian had used the Truth of Space before, it did not seem strange.
They did not know how the Prime of Tongtian had obtained this ability …
As for the Evil Deities, they had sensed the energy of the Truth Crystal from Luo Zheng. Its aura was exactly the same as the Prime of Tongtian's.
After the black snakes on the Qingping Sword were immersed in the energy of the Truth of Life, they instantly came to life and circled around the Prime of Tongtian.
Ten threads, twenty threads, thirty threads, forty threads …
In a short while, the Prime of Tongtian had already created more than three hundred black snakes.
Weng!
As he shook the Qingping Sword gently and flicked his right hand, blue spatial frames appeared on the surface of the black snakes. They were then sent into Li Mountain by the Prime of Tongtian.
"The black ship is taking action too!" Nuwa said solemnly.
While fighting with the two Chaos Ancient Gods, Li Mountain was also paying close attention to the Prime of Tongtian. After all, the Prime of Tongtian was more difficult to deal with than the Chaos Ancient Gods.
"I will deal with the black flames!"
Ji had been entangled by the black flames before. He had used the Truth of Life to create a unique organization, which had extinguished the black flames.
With this experience, Ji naturally had the confidence to face the black flames again.
Just as Ji released his divine senses and planned to pull out the black snakes, he was stunned. Within the range of his divine senses, he could not detect the traces of the black fire snakes!
Ji was not the only one who could not detect them. Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others could not use their divine senses to find the black snakes either.
Usually, intense energy would be very eye-catching in divine senses. It was strange that he could not detect them now.
At this moment, in the Tianshuo Gate in the middle of Li Mountain.
Many members of the Nuwa Clan were continuously contributing their powers.
"Shua!"
A black snake abruptly appeared and charged towards the Tianshuo Gate Master.
The Tianshuo Gate Master was also a Chaotic Origin Realm expert. He was also passing through the trial of the Soul City and was just a step away from becoming a Sacred Soul Realm expert.
She knew how powerful this black snake was. She immediately brought out her Paramita Token.
But the speed of the black snake had exceeded her expectations.
Just as the Paramita Token was brought out, the black snake had already bitten her neck. She lost all signs of life …
"Gate Master!"
"Sir Gate Master …"
The disciples of the Tianshuo Gate panicked. Some retreated, some wanted to protect their Gate Master, and some attacked the black snake.
But this black snake appeared and disappeared unpredictably. It was fast and could not be locked down by divine senses!
The black snake that could not be dealt with killed all the disciples in the Tianshuo Gate in just ten breaths of time. Only a few alert disciples used Great Teleportation to escape.
Such a massacre was happening all over the Li Mountain.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others could not lock down the black snake with their divine senses. But they could sense the commotion within the Li Mountain.
Seeing their clansmen dwindling, Nuwa and Fuxi naturally could not sit still!
"Fellow Gate Masters, Mountain Master, please kill those black snakes!"
At the same time Nuwa gave the order, her figure flashed and appeared within the Tianshuo Gate. Seeing her clansmen falling to the ground, she felt heartache.
After that black snake massacred for a while, it wanted to drill into the mountain and escape. But before it could drill into the ground, it was grabbed by Nuwa!

Chapter 3498
After killing a black snake, Nuwa's figure flashed, and she teleported to the next location.
Nuwa was not the only one who acted. Fuxi, the Mountain Lords, and the Gate Masters heard Nuwa's call and began to clear the black snakes all over Li Mountain.
However, their Divine Senses covered a much smaller area than Nuwa's. They could only clear the black snakes near Li Mountain's core. They could not reach the black snakes further away.
They could not lock onto the three hundred black snakes with their Divine Senses, so clearing them was naturally very taxing.
Only when their clansmen had fallen somewhere would they be able to rush over and take action.
Although the flames within the black snakes were fierce, Grandmaster Tongtian had split them into three hundred portions. Even Saint Soul experts could resist them if they were careful.
However, while the black snakes were killed, their clansmen suffered heavy casualties.
After five minutes, everyone on Li Mountain was in a frenzy.
Nuwa did some calculations. Seven hundred clansmen had died in this wave of snakes. Many of them were elites …
Although there were many clansmen on Li Mountain, the ones who died were her people. One could imagine how she felt.
Luo Yan quickly sensed Li Mountain's panic.
After all, the Mountain Lords and Gate Masters had contributed nearly half of the energy. They had gone to capture the black snakes, so the energy that the energy axis could convert was naturally unstable.
Fortunately, Luo Yan was very familiar with it. After constant adjustments, he could barely suppress the crazily growing blue pillars.
When the Mountain Lords and Gate Masters returned to their original positions, the energy supplied to the energy axis stabilized.
Luo Zheng, who was at Deep Mist Peak, also saw the commotion. However, Nuwa had said before the battle that they should listen to her commands. Luo Zheng did not act rashly.
Phoenix, Gan Gaohan, and the others only injected energy from another peak. They did not participate in the battle directly.
When they returned to the Jade Platform, Fuxi's expression was normal. However, Nuwa looked worried.
"If this continues, Li Mountain might not be able to hold on," Nuwa said.
Fuxi glanced at Nuwa. He knew that Nuwa was benevolent and did not want to see her clansmen sacrifice themselves.
However, it was common for millions of lives to be sacrificed in a war of this scale.
"I'm afraid they won't come in." Fuxi fell into deep thought.
According to Nuwa's plan, as long as they could lure a Primal Chaos Ancient God into the Li Mountain Pit and kill him, the plan would be considered a success. But now, it seemed impossible.
Just as Nuwa and Fuxi were thinking of a solution, the Grandmaster of Heaven waved the Six Souls Banner again. Hundreds of black snakes that he created sneaked into Li Mountain again.
After the time it takes for an incense stick to burn …
The black snakes were once again wiped out by Nuwa, but thousands of Li Mountain disciples had perished!
The number of core disciples was always limited. How could they withstand such a massacre?
Nuwa's worried face suddenly turned ruthless. She turned to look at Fuxi and said, "We can kill our way out if we give our bodies to our true body."
After entering Li Mountain, Nuwa had a detailed discussion with her "main body".
Nuwa quickly accepted her identity. She could feel the personality and aura of the "original body", which was exactly the same as her. It was just that the original body had lived longer and was more knowledgeable.
She didn't mind having her 'true self' take over her body. Besides, her true self was trapped in the 33 Heavens. Right now, her 'true self' was only an energy soul. It couldn't truly control her.
However, Fuxi strongly objected. Even if Nuwa privately begged him, he would not compromise.
Now that they saw the citizens of Li Mountain being slowly depleted by the Grandmaster of Heaven and could not come up with a solution, they could only change their previous strategy and take the initiative to attack.
The safest method was to let the original body temporarily take over the body.
"There's no need." Fuxi shook his head.
"Huang Xi." Nuwa stared at her husband with a pitiful look in her eyes.
Of course, Nuwa was well aware of Fuxi's arrogance.
After all, he was the strongest person below the Chaos Ancient Gods. He could be said to be the strongest Immortal realm expert.
With Ji Xuanyuan's strength and Genryū's backing, he was still not Fuxi's match.
Now, he was letting someone else take over his body …
Even if that someone else was his true self, he found it hard to accept.
After being stared at by Nuwa for a while, Fuxi finally felt irritated. He could only wave his hand and say, "Give him two hours! After that, I'll take back my body. "
…
The Grandmaster of Heaven was very satisfied with his offensive methods.
Many times, a little trick could often have a good effect.
The people on Li Mountain looked like they were going to die. Naturally, he would not rush in recklessly.
Forcing them out bit by bit and waiting for them to tire themselves out was the best choice.
When the Grandmaster of Heaven created the fifth wave of black snakes, the distant Li Mountain finally changed.
The layer of white clouds that originally enveloped Li Mountain quickly dissipated, revealing a huge, verdant, and vast mountain range!
At the same time that the Misty Mountain Array's disguise was removed, a huge figure that was hundreds of thousands of feet tall stood up. It was not "Narrow" or "Ji". It was Fuxi's original body that had activated the Rage God Body!
The corners of his mouth curled up, and his face was filled with a liberated expression.
"It's been a long time since I've fought …"
Fuxi's original body spread out his hands. The blood in his body was flowing wildly.
Compared to this chaotic Fuxi, his original body's control of his bloodline was much stronger!
"Clap!"
Fuxi's original body clapped his hands. Two Eight Trigrams appeared in his huge palms.
"You can make your move now!"
As Fuxi spoke, he suddenly slammed his hands on the ground.
"Buzz!"
Whether it was "Void" and "Void" in the Dao Zen State or the Grandmaster of Heaven in the Xi Shengzhou State, a huge Eight Trigrams appeared beneath their feet.
"This is …"
The Grandmaster of Heaven's expression froze when he saw the huge Eight Trigrams on the ground.
He instantly transformed into a million feet in size. With a wave of his hand, he pulled the black ship into his long sleeve and teleported away.
"Boom!"
Above the Eight Trigrams, a powerful palm print had already descended. A bottomless pit immediately appeared on the ground.
The Grandmaster of Heaven only took away one black ship. The other black ships were instantly reduced to thousands of pieces under the palm print.
Although these black ships could repair themselves, the captain had also suffered quite a bit of damage after being destroyed to such an extent.
Fuxi's original body's attack did not stop. His huge hands slammed the ground two or three times. The Grandmaster of Heaven, Void, and Void could only constantly dodge …
As the Grandmaster of Heaven dodged, his expression was filled with hesitation.
Previously, when he fought with Fuxi, he did not see such strength. Suddenly, he seemed to have changed into a different person. He even vaguely reminded the Grandmaster of Heaven of the past Fuxi. This was not a good sign.
Just as Void and Void were dodging.
Nuwa's original body, the Eastern Emperor's original body, Ji, and Narrow all charged towards Xi Shengzhou at the same time.

Chapter 3499
Eight trigrams appeared one after another under Tongtian's feet as he kept dodging the descending palm prints.
On the ground behind him, the dense palm prints connected, forming a wide gully.
Boom!
The moment he dodged a palm print, Tongtian's eyes flashed as he looked in the direction of Li Mountain with a distorted expression.
His consciousness was constantly enveloping an area of hundreds of millions of miles. He naturally noticed that Nuwa, Donghuang, Ji, and Xu were rapidly approaching!
"Donghuang."
Although this was the first time Tongtian had come to the Chaos, all the information in the Mother World had been collected by Kurofune and passed to him.
He naturally knew that Donghuang Taiyi had easily killed Di Jun.
Donghuang was trapped in the Trayastrimsa Heaven …
Someone had taken over his body, causing Donghuang's strength to increase greatly …
The profundity of this might be an eternal mystery to others, but it was not difficult for Tongtian to guess.
Now that Fuxi's strength had increased greatly, Nuwa was probably the same as well, with her original body taking over.
Tongtian faced them alone, and the pressure instantly increased.
If it were anyone else, they would probably escape first, or at least meet up with the two Chaos Ancient Gods in Zen State on the other side.
However, Tongtian did not make such a choice!
He, who was still dodging the eight trigrams palm prints, suddenly stopped in midair!
Boom, boom, boom …
Fuxi was still slamming the ground in Li Mountain, but the palm prints that descended from above passed through Tongtian's body. Tongtian was like a phantom embedded in the air, dodging all of Fuxi's attacks.
This was the Void Illusion ability of the Chaos Ancient God, Sky, which could separate himself into a unique space.
"Tongtian, how have you been?"
Nuwa's eyes were shining.
As her original body, she naturally revealed a different kind of confidence.
"Hmph, as expected. Even if you have a complete body, you can't fully unleash your strength," Fuxi said coldly.
Nuwa spread her fingers and gently lifted them.
Thin strands of crimson energy shot out from the surface of her snow-white skin.
These energy strands were like oil flowing on water, constantly twisting and changing, forming a huge shadow of Nuwa.
After Goddess Nuwa transformed into the Desolate God Body, her body was eight million feet tall, while her shadow was about a million feet tall!
However, this time, Nuwa's shadow had expanded to ten million feet in size. That sky-blotting figure contained an endless amount of energy!
The Prime of Tongtian, Ji, and Sui were tiny in front of Wah Ying!
"It should be enough to take care of you," Nuwa said in a serious tone.
As soon as she finished speaking, the enormous shadow of Nuwa slapped down toward Tongtian's head.
"Phew …"
The Illusory Void Realm was completely independent of space. Although Wahwa's shadow was powerful, it still couldn't hurt Tongtian at all.
Goddess Nuwa didn't mind at all. Streams of energy wrapped around Tongtian's body from both of her hands, covering him completely.
"It's meaningless," the Prime of Tongtian said sarcastically.
"Really? This Illusory Void World might not be invincible! "
On the side, Ji released a thick life force. In the dark green mist, silkworms with wings appeared. These silkworms had a pair of sharp teeth that flashed with blue light.
These were World Devouring Silkworms, living beings created by Ji himself.
Ji knew that he would have to fight with the other Chaos Ancient Gods sooner or later, so he was naturally prepared.
The World Devouring Silkworms were specially used to deal with "Void". However, he didn't expect Tongtian to have the ability to "Void" for some reason. It came in handy now.
"Ka ka ka …"
These World Devouring Silkworms flapped their wings and flew toward Tongtian. Their sharp teeth intersected and bit, and they swallowed space as easily as swallowing leaves.
Tongtian didn't expect Ji to have such an ability. Seeing the World Devouring Silkworms biting at him, he could only crawl out of the Illusory Void Realm.
However, just as he crawled out, Wahwa's energy beams were already in place and wrapped around him tightly!
"Chi!"
Those energy beams rapidly corroded his body!
Even though his body was at the Immortal Realm, it still couldn't withstand the corrosion of Wahwa's shadow. The surface of Tongtian's body instantly became charred.
However, this situation only lasted for a short period of time!
Tongtian's body suddenly surged with rich Life Truth Power. The rolling green fog not only repaired his body, but also left behind a layer of dense tissue on the surface of his body. This layer of tissue was completely formed to deal with Wahwa's shadow.
The effect of Wahwa's shadow's corrosion on his body was instantly reduced.
"Life Truth?"
"He can use it too!"
"How did he do it …"
Ji's eyes revealed a look of astonishment.
It was one thing for Tongtian to be able to use "Void" divine ability. Perhaps "Void" had made some sort of exchange with him.
However, the Life Truth he controlled also appeared on Ji. This was puzzling.
However, Ji didn't have time to think about this during the battle.
Seeing that Tongtian was about to crawl out of the layers of Wahwa's shadow, Ji's body suddenly slid, and his huge tail stabbed toward Tongtian.
The "poison of analysis" on his tail was incurable. Even someone as strong as Fire had died from the poison. Tongtian was no exception.
However, Tongtian's understanding of "Ji" was clearly much better than Fire's!
He could ignore Nuwa's attack, but he paid special attention to "Ji's" movements. When he saw the tail stab toward him, Tongtian's body flipped and he quickly dodged.
Just as he dodged, a golden sword shadow came crashing down on him.
Tongtian didn't even look as he attacked with the Qingping Sword.
Clang! Clang! Clang!
Huge swords intersected, and sword light danced in the air.
The power of each collision was enough to destroy the heavens and the earth. If the creatures in the Xi Shengzhou raised their heads to look, their eyes would be blinded by the golden light.
After exchanging dozens of blows with Eastern Emperor's original body, Tongtian suddenly stepped into the void. His huge body was like a ghost as he fled toward the south. That was the direction of Dao Zen State. Tongtian wanted to drag the two Primal Chaos Ancient Gods with him.
Come in.
"Chase!"
Nuwa, Ji, and the others followed closely behind.
In Dao Zen State, "Void" and "Void" panicked when faced with Fuxi's attack.
However, there was a slight delay in the attacks of the eight trigrams and palm. With their abilities, it wasn't difficult for them to dodge.
At the same time, the two Chaos Ancient Gods noticed that Li Shan had taken the initiative to attack Tongtian!
"Void" and Tongtian weren't on the same side. In terms of strength, Tongtian made "Void" very wary. Seeing Li Shan's shocking strength, if they could use this opportunity to get rid of Tongtian, it would naturally be a good thing for them.
The twin snakes didn't agree that they had to help Tongtian …

Chapter 3500
For Immortal Realm experts, they could cross a large province in no time.
Tongtian and those who were chasing after him were much stronger than ordinary Immortal Realm experts, so they would only be faster.
Void and Ruin had to make a decision in a short time.
"Should we avoid or fight?" Ruin asked.
In Ruin's mind, his first goal was to topple Li Shan and help Genryū complete the Dao of Order.
He didn't like or dislike Fuxi, Nuwa, or even Luo Zheng. It was purely a matter of perspective.
A hint of hesitation flashed through the huge eye in the sky.
The attack on Taiyi Heaven Palace had failed. Shennong, Youxiong, and Minyue had either died or escaped. Even Ah Huo had been killed.
Fuxi and Nuwa's strength had increased greatly. Together with Donghuang Taiyi and the other two Chaos Ancient Gods, they wouldn't be easy to deal with.
If Tongtian was really defeated or even killed by them, what would happen if he and Ruin faced Li Shan directly?
These thoughts stopped in his mind for a moment before he made a decision. "Fight."
With that, blue dust appeared in Kong's eyeball.
If one looked closely, the blue dust was actually a square space. It was the size of an adult's fist, but compared to Kong's body, it was like dust.
As the blue square space disappeared, it appeared east of Dao Zen State. It floated around randomly.
To experts who had activated their Rage God Physique, it was like dust floating in the air.
When Ji saw the sudden appearance of the blue dust, he immediately warned, "Be careful, it's the Inverse Space released by Kong!"
Just as Silence reminded him, Sky activated the 'dust'.
The fist-sized blue space quickly expanded and instantly became a million feet tall. The space in the south of Dao Zen State was instantly filled by the Inverse Space!
The Inverse Space was also a type of space. It looked empty inside, but it was actually "full".
Whether it was Ji or Nuwa, they felt like they were running in water. Their speed was greatly reduced!
Tongtian was also trapped in the Inverse Space, but Kong could control the Inverse Space. Under Kong's control, the Inverse Space in front of Tongtian quickly became the size of a fist.
After clearing the obstacles, Tongtian's speed naturally could not be compared to before. In a few breaths of time, he had already left Nuwa's group behind him.
When Fuxi's true body saw this scene from Li Mountain, his expression froze slightly. He turned to Luo Zheng on the Jadeite Platform and said, "You take charge of the situation. I'll go help!"
As soon as he finished speaking, his figure flashed and he entered the spatial passageway.
The 'big picture' mentioned by Fuxi had something to do with the Ear Rats.
The Eared Mouse Clan had always been a force to be reckoned with in the Mother World. The key was that this clan was omnipresent and extremely wealthy.
Ji Xuanyuan had tried many times to rope in the Ear Rats, but the Ear Rats had always maintained a neutral attitude. It seemed that they were not interested in the path of order or the path of the end.
As long as the Eared Rats did not side with Li Shan, Ji Xuanyuan did not mind.
However, Sheng Tian Rat King's attitude was not as it seemed.
The reason why the Eared Mouse Clan was able to reach this step was because of their innumerable numbers. It was impossible for the Dao of Order to meet the Heavenly Mouse King's expectations!
A long time ago, the Eared Mouse had secretly joined forces with Li Shan.
Although Sheng Tian Rat King was in the Immortal realm, his strength was not particularly outstanding.
However, in terms of wealth, no clan in the Mother World could compare to him.
The God Crystals that Sheng Tian Rat King had collected over the years probably accounted for more than 50% of the Mother World's wealth.
The God Crystals contained pure energy, but no one knew where they were.
Luo Zheng had only just found out that all the God Crystals were hidden under Li Mountain. Nuwa used her unprecedented talent to set up a strange formation. This strange formation was a huge trap.
Even if a Primal Chaos Ancient God stepped into this trap, he would not be able to return.
Previously, Nuwa and Fuxi had wanted to lure in either Void or Ruin, but the other party refused to enter Li Mountain. Instead, they were forced out.
Now that Fuxi had gone to help, this strange formation was naturally handed over to Luo Zheng.
Buzz!
After Fuxi left, the runes on the Jadeite Platform flickered, and the green light gathered under Luo Zheng's feet.
At this moment, Luo Zheng had become the eye of this strange formation.
The entire Li Mountain seemed to turn translucent, and a sea of God Crystals appeared before Luo Zheng's eyes.
"So many God Crystals …"
The Divine Crystals were evenly distributed as they circled around the peak of Li Mountain in circles.
Li Mountain was the size of a province, and these God Crystals took up almost a seventh of its surface. If these God Crystals were counted individually, it would probably be an astronomical figure.
"If all the energy in these God Crystals is released, it should be able to destroy the entire Li Mountain, right?" Luo Zheng said in a daze.
"There's no need for so many God Crystals. Ten percent is more than enough," Lord of Heaven Primordial Beginning said.
Destroying an undefended Li Mountain was not too difficult. Any Immortal realm expert could do it. However, this strange formation that relied on God Crystals could kill a Primal Chaos Ancient God!
In the center of this strange formation, there were several creatures seated. The one leading them was Sheng Tian Rat King.
A few days ago, Nuwa had requested for help, and the core members of the Eared Rat Clan had rushed over to preside over this strange formation.
After Luo Zheng observed for a while, he looked up and happened to meet his sister's gaze. The two of them looked at each other and smiled.
As the battle continued, the fate of Li Mountain was unknowingly placed in the hands of this pair of siblings.
The sky in Chan Province was dark, but Li Mountain was strangely calm, as if the battle was far away. The disciples and clansmen of Li Mountain heaved a sigh of relief.
They were unable to participate in a battle of this level, so they could only pray silently in Li Mountain.
At this moment, a huge figure suddenly appeared in the sky above Li Mountain. It was a creature covered in white fur.
When this creature appeared, a formless chill descended from the sky.
The temperature plummeted, and silver-white frost spread from the top of Li Mountain. It was like a perfect circle of ice had bloomed.
Luo Zheng and Luo Yan looked up at the same time. When they saw the figure clearly, their expressions changed slightly.
It was the third Primal Chaos Ancient God that followed the Dao of Order, Cold.
After it rushed to Li Mountain, it ignored the battle in Chan Province and planned to attack Li Mountain directly.
Perhaps it felt that since Fuxi had left, there was no one guarding Li Mountain. It would be easy to destroy this place!
"Ka ka …"
The temperature was still plummeting, and the rocks in Li Mountain were cracking and shattering.
If the temperature was allowed to continue dropping, 99% of the creatures in Li Mountain would freeze to death.

Chapter 3501
While isolating himself from the cold air, Luo Yan also activated the energy flow of the Cloudy Mountain Fog Shroud Array.
Not only were his clansmen and disciples living in Li Mountain, but there were also many mortals who were unable to cultivate.
Although the cold air spread to the periphery of Li Mountain, the temperature was no longer that low.
To those mortals, it was still a fatal blow.
After doing all this, Luo Yan's brows furrowed as he targeted the massive object above him!
The mission that Nuwa had given Luo Yan was to integrate the power of Li Mountain and protect it.
However, she had been in a defensive state since the start of the battle.
After being beaten for so long, she could finally counterattack. Luo Yan naturally poured out his energy without holding back!
"Swish swish swish swish swish swish …"
Numerous huge golden blades of light whizzed upward.
The energy contained in these golden blades of light was not something that could be underestimated even by a Chaos Ancient God.
"Hiss …"
High up in the sky, Leng suddenly opened his mouth and took a deep breath. His huge abdomen bulged.
"Phew …"
The air that he took in was spat out again.
The cold air that was spat out by such a large body was enough to cause a cold hurricane.
However, the chill wasn't as ferocious as others had imagined. Instead, it was rather gentle as it formed a white, cold zone below him.
When the golden blades of light entered this zone, they suddenly slowed down and finally stopped. The golden light on the blades of light also rapidly dimmed and finally completely melted into the cold zone.
The golden blades of light were energy with extremely high temperatures. As they melted, they also reduced the cold air by quite a bit.
Luo Yan's face sank slightly. He flicked his hands and even more golden blades of light flew up.
No matter how powerful a Chaos Ancient God was, the amount of Truth Power he had was limited. As for Luo Yan, he could naturally squander it as he wished because of the massive amount of Divine Crystals in Li Mountain!
The golden blades of light were like a group of fluttering butterflies as they surged forward and rapidly engulfed the cold zone!
After completely engulfing the cold zone, even more golden blades of light shot towards Leng.
'Leng' only silently looked down at Luo Yan. His originally motionless body suddenly disappeared, and then he appeared at the peak of Mount Li. He was only a million feet away from Luo Yan!
It should be noted that Leng himself was a million feet tall, and a distance of a million feet was merely a small step for him!
"Hu!"
The moment he appeared, Leng was already swinging his fist at Luo Yan's head.
"Yan 'er!"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's hair stood on end.
Luo Yan had yet to reach the Undying Realm. Her fleshy body was only stronger than ordinary Chaotic Origin Experts.
Not to mention taking a full-powered attack from a Primordial Chaos God head-on, just a flick of Leng's finger would be enough to shatter one's body!
Facing Leng's attack, Luo Yan did not panic.
She stretched out her hand and gently stroked the golden dress, and a golden cover covered an area of several tens of thousands of feet around her. Luo Zheng, who was on the Jadeite Platform, was naturally included.
"Clang!"
The fist of 'Leng' came smashing over, creating a huge sound.
The golden cover was actually so sturdy that it only shook slightly.
Following that, Luo Yan waved her hands, causing golden blades of light to shoot out from the energy axis!
Because they were very close to each other, the first three golden blades of light directly exploded on the chest of 'Leng'.
"Hong hong hong!"
Following three muffled sounds, three huge bloody holes appeared on the chest of 'Leng'. Fresh blood gushed out from the holes like a waterfall, and the smell of blood permeated the entire Mount Li.
'Leng' clearly did not expect these blades of light to be so powerful. He could only flee far away from the pain!
And Luo Yan clearly did not intend to let him off so easily. As long as he was within the range of Mount Li, he would be within her attack range.
An endless stream of blades of light followed closely behind. As they exploded, a series of small sun-like golden light bloomed in the sky.
Luo Zheng also heaved a sigh of relief. The Cloud Mountain Fog Cover Array set up by Nuwa was indeed powerful. Even the Chaos Ancient Gods would not be able to break it so easily.
But at this moment, an old voice suddenly sounded in Luo Zheng's ears. "Luo Zheng, if 'Leng' comes close again, seize the opportunity to activate the Great Divine Crystal Array and trap and kill him in Mount Li."
That was the voice of the Heaven-Winning Rat King.
Leng's approach just now was actually an excellent opportunity.
But Luo Zheng was worried about Luo Yan's safety, so he completely forgot about this matter …
Although the Heaven-Winning Rat King controlled the entire Great Divine Crystal Array, the right to activate the array was on the Jade Platform. The Heaven-Winning Rat King could only kindly remind him.
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded.
Above the Great Divine Crystal Array in Mount Li, the Heaven-Winning Rat King also nodded at the other living beings.
The Heaven-Winning Rat King was the one who came up with the idea of the Great Divine Crystal Array, but the completion and formulation of the array was still dependent on Nuwa. Even the Paramita tokens of the living beings in charge of the Great Divine Crystal Array were found by Nuwa and Fuxi in the 33 Heavens.
It was also because of the coordination of these Paramita tokens that the Great Divine Crystal Array's power could be unleashed.
After retreating a distance, 'Leng' roared fiercely at the sky. The muscles on his chest squirmed and healed on their own.
He was obviously not as cautious as' Kong '. That little human girl was not even at the Immortal Realm, yet she was able to injure him. This was definitely a great humiliation!
"Whoosh whoosh …"
A circle of white cold air floated around 'Leng'. In a short while, a solid ice armor appeared on the surface of his body. Then, he pounced towards Luo Yan.
Even though Luo Yan's golden blades of light were extraordinarily powerful, he still intended to meet them head-on!
"Boom boom boom boom …"
The golden blades of light bombarded 'Leng's' armor, and a strange scene occurred. The golden blades of light hit the armor and disappeared with a flash of golden light!
If it were any other Primal Chaos Ancient God, they would not dare to meet the golden blades of light head-on like this. However, his armor was the nemesis of all pure energy.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Luo Yan blasted out hundreds of golden blades of light, but they were all absorbed by 'Leng's' solid ice armor.
Seeing 'Leng's' enormous body whizzing towards him, Luo Yan had no choice but to use the golden shield again.
"Clang!"
The golden shield shook incessantly, but it was still stable.
'Leng' did not show any mercy. He stretched out his fists, and a sky full of fist shadows smashed towards Luo Yan!
"Clang clang clang clang …"
Thousands of fists smashed on the golden shield, and the shield shook more and more violently.
Luo Yan's face turned pale, and there was panic in his eyes.
Every punch could smash her into pieces. As long as the golden shield was broken, she would definitely die. Even her brother would not be able to escape.
Right, the Great Divine Crystal Array …
In his panic, Luo Yan looked towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was only activating the Great Divine Crystal Array. It was not difficult for him to do so. The real person controlling the Great Divine Crystal Array was the Sky Winning Rat King below.
He sat cross-legged on the jade platform and placed his hands flat on the jade platform. The green luster on the platform quickly gathered at his hands.

Chapter 3502
Extracting the energy from such a huge amount of Deity crystals was an extremely long process.
However, Nuwa was extremely intelligent. She had created a very unique layout.
As the jadeite platform spun, all the Deity crystals would be crushed in a single direction, releasing the energy within.
The blue energy that flowed out of the Deity crystals flowed towards the center like thousands of small streams. When they gathered at the center, they formed an azure energy river!
The energy river was very gentle. Ordinary people wouldn't be harmed if they swam in it. The surging energy wouldn't harm anyone, much less kill a Primal Chaos Ancient God.
However, when the energy river surged over, the three Sage Soul experts of the Rat Race took action together.
Three identical tokens of the Nirvana Realm appeared above their heads.
These three Paramita Tokens came from the 33 Heavens. However, because they were auxiliary Paramita Tokens, their functions were more functional. They weren't of much help in combat, so very few people fused with them.
However, when these Paramita Tokens interacted with each other, they could greatly compress the energy river!
After the surging energy river was compressed, it once again turned into crystals.
Originally, Deity crystals were a type of ore that contained energy. Now, these crystals were pure energy crystals.
The energy contained within these energy crystals was equivalent to 70 million Deity crystals.
Nuwa had once tried to compress all the Deity crystals to this level. This way, it would be much more convenient to store them. They wouldn't need to occupy such a large space within Li Mountain.
However, after being compressed to such an extent, they were in an extremely unstable state. They couldn't be stored at all!
The river surged as extremely compressed energy crystals floated in front of Rat King Sheng Tian.
Similarly, a Paramita Token appeared above Rat King Sheng Tian's head. This was a living Paramita Token. It was the size of a palm and looked like a black cat.
In reality, this was an Ancestral Chi. It was also a mystical Paramita lifeform of the 33 Heavens.
Although it looked like a ferocious black cat, it was actually a type of energy body. Most of the time, it would take the form of an energy ball. Only when it was hunting would it transform into a black cat.
The Ancestral Chi had a very mystical characteristic. Other Paramita Tokens or Paramita lifeforms could only devour a limited amount of Deity crystals.
The Paramita Tokens of the 33 Heavens could easily absorb millions or tens of millions of Deity crystals. However, absorbing more than 100 million Deity crystals was extremely difficult. Most of them couldn't do it …
But the Ancestor Puppet was different. It could absorb almost limitless divine crystals, and the more divine crystals it absorbed, the stronger it became.
Many people had placed their hopes of obtaining the complete Path of the End on it after discovering this characteristic. Fuxi had also been very enthusiastic about subduing it at first.
Later on, he discovered that the Primogenitor Chi's attack wasn't that strong. It had its own world in its stomach, and the divine crystal it swallowed could only produce destructive power in the world in its stomach. It was impossible for the Primogenitor Chi to swallow the needle.
Fuxi was greatly disappointed, but Nuwa had an idea and gave it to Heavenly Rat King. Together with Heavenly Rat King, she set up such a huge array formation so that it could be put to good use at the crucial moment!
This time, during the war with the Primal Chaos Elder Gods, Nuwa had summoned the Victorious Heavenly Rat King to take charge of the Divine Crystal Formation!
"Heaven Enlightenment, Earth Enlightenment!" Heaven Victorious Rat King instructed in a low voice.
The two Ear Mice beside the Victorious Sky Rat King nodded in acknowledgment and simultaneously took out their Nirvana Token.
Heaven Enlightenment and Earth Enlightenment were the Victorious Sky Rat King's left and right arms. Their role in the Divine Crystal Formation was to trap the opponent. Even if it was only for a short while, it was enough!
"Leng" was still relentlessly bombarding the golden shield.
During the process, Leng could also feel the energy flow within Li Mountain.
He thought that the energy flow was used to stabilize the golden barrier, so it didn't arouse any alarm!
Boom, boom, boom, boom …
The golden barrier shook more and more violently.
The disciples and clansmen of Li Mountain were frantically replenishing divine crystals and injecting energy into the barrier.
Even so, they still couldn't keep up with the consumption of the Misty Mountain Barrier Array.
Every time the huge fist landed in front of Luo Yan, Luo Yan's face turned a shade paler.
But as the controller of the array, she couldn't escape at all.
Under such circumstances, she would die if she tried to escape!
"Senior Heavenly Rat King!"
Luo Zheng anxiously shouted at the Jade Platform.
"Ready!" Heavenly Rat King replied. "Earth Enlightenment, Heaven Enlightenment, do it!"
Kacha!
A large crack suddenly appeared on the mountain wall not far away from the Jade Platform. Heaven Enlightenment had already taken out his Paramita Token. It was a small piece of gold known as the Dazzling Gold. It was a one-time use Paramita Token.
The instant the Dazzling Gold was thrown out, it began to burn rapidly and emit a golden light.
This golden light wasn't blinding. Looking at it with the naked eye, one would find it somewhat beautiful and gentle.
However, the instant the golden light bloomed, it would create an irresistible consciousness storm. No matter how powerful an existence was, they would be affected by this consciousness storm.
When Luo Yan saw the golden light, her mind went blank.
Apart from her, everyone else on Li Mountain was affected by the golden light …
Leng was the same. Even though his soul was far stronger than most Immortal Realm cultivators, he was still unable to resist this consciousness storm.
The only exception was probably Luo Zheng.
He could clearly feel the bloodline in his body ripple. Before he could figure out what had happened, he saw Leng pause in midair.
For experts of this level, even half a breath's delay could be fatal.
Heavenly Rat King and his subordinates had practiced this tactic countless times. The instant Leng paused, a stone fragment hit Leng's body like a hidden weapon.
After the small stone fragment stuck to Leng's body, it emitted circles of black spirals. Meanwhile, the other stone fragment was in Earth Enlightenment's hand. The surface of the stone fragment was also emitting circles of white spirals.
When Earth Enlightenment saw that the black spiral stone fragment had successfully attached itself to Leng's body, he threw the white spiral stone fragment at Heavenly Rat King.
The Ancestor Chi on Heavenly Rat King's head leaped up and swallowed the white spiral stone fragment.
"Exchange!"
At this moment, Earth Enlightenment activated the abilities of the two stone fragments.
These two stone fragments, one black and one white, were known as the Dual Stone Fragments. They could exchange the positions of the objects they were attached to!
After Earth Enlightenment activated this ability, Leng, who was still in a daze outside Li Mountain, was swapped with the black spiral stone fragment into the Ancestor Chi's stomach.
The white spiral stone fragment that was swallowed by the Ancestor Chi appeared in the sky outside Li Mountain and rapidly fell down.
Luo Zheng, who was not affected by the Heaven Dazzling Gold, stared dumbfoundedly at Leng's disappearance. One must know that the Dual Stone Fragments' exchange of positions did not even cause spatial fluctuations. This forced exchange of positions was extremely powerful!
After the Ancestor Chi swallowed Leng, it meowed at the Victorious Sky Rat King and lay on the Rat King's shoulder.

Chapter 3503
"Leng" did not expect Li Shan to have such a plan. Without any resistance, he was pulled into the Ancestor Puppet's stomach.
In Li Shan, only Nuwa and Fuxi were worthy of "Leng"'s attention. The rest were just some small fries.
He did not expect that these "small fries" were not relying on Li Shan but were looking for an opportunity to kill him!
"Phew …"
In front of "Leng's" eyes, countless huge energy storms were spinning at high speed.
When he felt the terrifying energy, the contempt in his eyes disappeared. His expression became unprecedentedly serious.
"Where is this? Is there such a place in the mother world? "
There were many dangerous places in the mother world. However, these dangers were targeted at the true gods and the Nirvana Realm.
For beings like "Leng", there was no place in the Chaos that he could not go. There were also no dangerous places that could threaten his life.
However, today, there was one that appeared out of nowhere …
"Leng's" first reaction was to think that this was an illusion and that everything was an illusion. However, after a simple analysis, he realized that the roaring energy in this world was real!
"Weng!"
A strong spatial wave was released from "Leng"'s body. "Leng" wanted to leave this world by force.
However, the Ancestor Puppet's stomach was a space of its own. Spatial supernatural powers were ineffective here!
"Oh no …"
Realizing that something was wrong, "Leng" saw an energy storm coming toward him.
"Leng's" ice armor could withstand even Luo Yan's attack. This was because any energy that came into contact with the ice armor would be affected by the extremely low temperature of the ice armor.
The stronger the energy, the higher the temperature. When the temperature dropped, the energy itself would become extremely inactive.
In theory, his ice armor was the nemesis of these energy storms!
However, the intensity of these energy storms was still far beyond "Leng's" expectations. At first, the energy storms were blocked by the ice armor. However, when the energy storms scraped against the ice armor, they left thin lines.
At first, there were dozens of lines. Then, there were hundreds and thousands of lines. The number of lines increased rapidly!
When the number of lines accumulated on the ice armor reached hundreds of thousands, the entire armor shattered!
"Condense!"
Leng was already prepared. He condensed the ice armor again.
The shattered ice armor looked brand new and condensed on the surface of his body.
The first energy storm had also mostly dissipated, and they could be considered to have withstood it.
But what followed was a second, a third, and a fourth energy storm …
There were hundreds and thousands of energy storms in this world. At the edge of the world, the pure energy was like a thick wall, and more energy storms were being generated from the wall.
Leng gritted his teeth as he observed this incredible world. He felt like he was going crazy.
Even if it was a Nirvana Realm Token, it was impossible for it to explode with such power. How did Li Shan do it?
"Hua!"
The ice armor shattered once again.
Although the armor could be condensed at will, it would still consume the Power of Truth.
Now, the Power of Truth of 'Cold' was getting weaker and weaker. Every time he condensed the ice armor, it would become thinner and thinner. It was getting weaker and weaker!
The energy storm raged inside the Progenitor Puppet's stomach, but there was no movement outside.
It curled up on the Heaven Winning Rat King's shoulder, motionless as if it was in a deep sleep.
The Heavenly Rat King placed a finger on the Primogenitor Chi's head. Through this method, the Heavenly Rat King could observe the situation inside the Primogenitor Chi's stomach.
"King, how is it?" Earth Enlightenment asked. After spending so much effort, these rats were naturally curious.
"It shouldn't be able to hold on," the Heavenly Rat King said.
Although the Great Godly Crystal Array was designed to be able to kill a Primordial God, it was still very powerful.
However, after killing such a powerful existence, the Heavenly Rat King still felt somewhat nervous. That was an existence that controlled the truth.
Heaven Enlightenment and Earth Enlightenment nodded and waited silently at the side.
At the top of Li Shang, Luo Zheng and Nuwa also heard the Heavenly Rat King's voice. The siblings heaved a sigh of relief.
The Primordial God was finally restrained …
In comparison, Luo Zheng's state of mind was much calmer than the Heavenly Rat King's.
Although Luo Zheng had lived much shorter than the Heavenly Rat King, the things he came into contact with were not on the same level as the Heavenly Rat King.
Over countless divine epochs, many Scions of Truth had died. On the level of the Xuanliang World, the Scions of Truth were nothing.
However, Luo Zheng and Luo Yan still paid close attention to the situation inside Li Mountain. Before confirming that the Primordial God had died, everything could change. Naturally, they had to be on guard.
After about five minutes, the Heavenly Rat King frowned slightly. The sleeping Primordial Chi also suddenly opened its eyes.
"Hmm?"
The Primordial Chi felt that the world in its body was somewhat unusual.
Just as it was about to let the energy in its body become more intense, its stomach suddenly swelled, becoming a ball that was more than 60 meters wide.
Its rapidly expanding body even knocked the Heavenly Rat King, Heaven Enlightenment, and Earth Enlightenment out!
"Hu … hu …"
Before the Heavenly Rat King could stabilize himself, the Primordial Chi's body rapidly swelled again, from 60 meters to 300 meters wide!
The space inside Li Mountain was only 500 meters tall, and the Primordial Chi's body occupied more than half of it. The Primordial Chi still had an innocent expression on its face as it let out a low whimper.
"King!"
"Why is this happening?"
Heaven Enlightenment and Earth Enlightenment also knew that something had happened.
The Heavenly Rat King also shook his head, looking like he was out of his wits.
The Primordial Chi's cold intent spread out as its body swelled again. This time, it swelled to 50,000 meters!
"Boom …"
The cave inside Li Mountain exploded, and the cracks on the outside spread out in all directions.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng, who was on the Jade Stage, flew up, grabbed Luo Yan and said, "Let's go!"
"But …"
Luo Yan was controlling the Cloudy Mountain Fog Shroud Array, and she could not leave without permission.
"If we don't go, we will lose our lives!"
Luo Zheng's tone was very resolute and did not allow any resistance.
Luo Yan hesitated for a moment before pointing to a mountain peak in the distance. "Let's go there first!"
That was the Bird's Eye Peak, and the second array core of the Cloudy Mountain Fog Shroud Array was there. She brought the golden robe array to the Bird's Eye Peak, and she could still control the entire Cloudy Mountain Fog Shroud Array.
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng could only agree to her request!
Just as he brought his sister away, the Primordial Chi's body swelled again. This time, it swelled from 50,000 meters to 300,000 meters.
The Primordial Chi did not have the Rage God Body, and its body could not hold on any longer. Its round belly directly exploded.
Leng's huge body came out of it, and it once again returned to being a million meters tall monster. The entire center of Li Mountain was overturned by it!
Not only that, but a strange phenomenon appeared on Leng's body.
All the rocks and trees near its body seemed to become weightless, and were fixed in the space around its body.
After a while, these rocks and trees turned into countless white dots of light, and then disappeared completely.
Luo Yan was still looking at this strange scene with a surprised expression. Luo Zheng's heart was like a mirror. He had seen the same scene in Yu Sheng-tian, and that was Leng Prison.

Chapter 3504
Any matter that fell into the Cold Prison would take on a completely different form. Energy was no exception.
No matter how strong the energy in the Primogenitor Chi's stomach was, it could not cross the Cold Prison and cause damage to Cold.
Nuwa and Rat King Sheng Tian did not expect such a situation to occur.
They did not know about the existence of the Cold Prison and had never seen Cold use such an ability.
If it was Void or Ruin, they would have died in the Primogenitor Chi's stomach. Yet, Cold was the first to attack.
Cold looked down and cast its gaze on a piece of rock inside Li Mountain. "Rat King Sheng, is this your method of colluding with Li Mountain?"
Rat King Sheng stood on the rock and looked at Void with a gloomy gaze.
He had once claimed to be the richest existence in his mother world. However, the massive amount of God crystals did not bring about any changes to the Rat Race. That was why Rat King Sheng wanted to use these God crystals.
The entire God Crystal array was set up flawlessly with Nuwa and Fuxi's help. In fact, it was progressing very smoothly.
However, Cold still managed to break through this dangerous situation …
When such terrifying energy approached Cold, it turned into white light and disappeared. Rat King Sheng could not imagine how powerful this ability was.
"If I did not comprehend the Cold Prison, I might really die here today. What a pity …"
"Leng" extended a finger toward the Victorious Heavenly Rat King on the gravel. Circles of white aura swirled around the tip of his finger. Clearly, he was going to execute the Victorious Heavenly Rat King.
Whoosh!
The cold energy condensed into a white arrowhead and shot straight at Rat King Sheng.
Rat King Sheng was completely disheartened. He did not plan to escape.
"King!"
"Run!"
Tian Wu, Di Wu, and the other three Rat Kings rushed over.
These five Rat Kings were Rat King Sheng's trusted subordinates. They were absolutely loyal to Rat King Sheng. How could they bear to see him die?
"Divine Picture Shield!"
A purple round shield appeared above Tian Wu.
The Dazzling Gold was a Paramita token that Tian Wu fused with the God Crystal array. This Divine Picture Shield was Tian Wu's natal Paramita token.
As a defensive Paramita token of Trayastrimsa Heaven, any attack that touched the Divine Picture Shield would lose a third of its original power.
Even if it was an attack from a peak Immortal realm expert, Tian Wu was confident that he could withstand it.
"Boom!"
The white arrowhead didn't stop after coming into contact with the Heavenly Diagram Shield, and it drilled into Tian Wu's chest. Tian Wu's entire body instantly froze, turning into an ice sculpture.
Behind Tian Wu, Di Wu threw a Dual Tracking Stone Piece at the white arrowhead. When one of the stone pieces touched the arrowhead, Di Wu switched the direction of the two stone pieces.
After the white arrowhead changed its direction, it shot into the rock in another direction.
That circle of rocks instantly became hard and brittle. With just a slight vibration, it turned into a pile of ice shards.
Seeing that Tian Wu had fallen, the Victorious Sky Rat King, who was stunned on the spot, finally reacted. Its face was filled with grief. It suddenly took out its other two Nirvana Tokens, which were two shining sharp knives.
Just the reflection of the blade's light had left countless deep cuts on the surface of the nearby rocks!
Heaven Victorious Rat King knew that it would be a dead end if it faced Leng, but it had no reason to escape. It could only face him head-on!
"Useless scoundrel!"
"Leng" clearly did not take the Heaven Winning Rat King seriously. He raised his hand, intending to kill him.
At this moment, several golden sabers of light whizzed over from afar, heading straight for Leng.
"Whoosh … Whoosh …"
The moment the golden sabers of light fell into the Cold Prison, they turned into countless white light spots and disappeared.
Luo Yan was on Bird's Eye View Peak, using all his strength to glare at "Leng".
Luo Zheng knew the secret of the Cold Prison. He also knew that the golden sabers of light released by the energy shaft were useless against "Leng". If he wanted to break through the Cold Prison, the energy shaft was far from enough.
However, Luo Yan suddenly attacked, and Luo Zheng did not have time to stop him.
"Leng's" attention was originally on the Victorious Sky Rat King, but now Luo Yan had successfully attracted his attention.
"Little human girl, your courage is commendable …"
"Leng's" gorilla-like face revealed an ugly smile. Then, his huge body flashed, and he was already heading toward Luo Yan.
"Hum!"
As usual, Luo Yan released a golden shield.
After the Eared Mice's torment, the Misty Mountain Formation's energy had been replenished. The golden shield was also very solid.
However, this time, Leng only extended a finger. When his finger was still some distance away from the golden shield, the shield immediately turned into white light spots and dissipated.
Then, he once again flashed a terrifying smile at Luo Yan, then threw a punch at Luo Yan.
He knew that his fist would not touch Luo Yan. Before he could touch Luo Yan, the Cold Prison would transform him into the lowest form of energy and make him disappear.
Strictly speaking, he did not disappear. Instead, he transformed into a different form under extremely low temperatures. This form was very similar to the form outside the Primal Chaos Realm.
"Big brother …."
At this moment, Luo Yan realized something and instinctively called out.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's body suddenly swelled. He had activated his Rage God's Body.
In truth, Luo Zheng did not want to fight a Primal Chaos God. Before he figured out the Origin God's Blood, his strength was comparable to that of an ordinary Immortal.
But now, he had to bite the bullet ….
Apart from using his own strength, he could only place his hopes on the Origin God's Blood.
"I hope you … I hope you understand your … situation!"
Luo Zheng's body rapidly swelled to a height of more than four hundred thousand feet. Like a huge mountain, he blocked Luo Yan's path.
Compared to Leng, who was more than a million feet tall, Luo Zheng was still a head shorter.
When Leng's fist came crashing down, he saw Luo Zheng transform into a huge monster. The smile on his ferocious face became even more intense.
This is the brat that Ruin mentioned, right?
I heard he wants to capture him alive?
He's courting death. Don't blame me ….
Even Leng could not control the Cold Prison with ease. Anything that came into contact with the Cold Prison would turn into countless light spots. Leng could not save himself. The moment Luo Zheng came into contact with the Cold Prison, his fist should have turned into light spots and scattered.
However, what happened next was beyond Leng's expectations.
"Boom!"
With a muffled sound, Luo Zheng's fist collided with Leng's fist.
Under the powerful recoil, Leng actually retreated a distance.
Leng's strength was naturally much greater than Luo Zheng's. However, he did not use any strength because there was no need to.
Now, he stared at Luo Zheng with an incomprehensible gaze, as if Luo Zheng was some kind of magical creature.
"You, you … why …."
It was because he understood the nature of the Cold Prison that Leng was so shocked that no one else was.

Chapter 3505
Even in Yu Sheng-tian, the Cold Prison was an absolute forbidden area. Luo Zheng did not dare to trespass.
Only a heaven-defying existence like Bofan dared to stay in the Cold Prison.
The Cold Prison was terrifying not only because of the extremely low temperature, but also because the creatures of the Chaotic World seemed to disappear immediately after turning into light spots.
To the creatures of the Xuanliang World, the Cold Prison was not that scary. Even the weaker creatures of the Xuanliang World would only be frozen temporarily when they fell into the Cold Prison. When they left the Cold Prison, their frozen state would be removed and they would be able to regenerate.
Lively as a dragon.
Luo Zheng's attack just now was a gamble. Although the Origin God's Blood could restrain all kinds of energy, the Cold Prison was very special. Luo Zheng himself could also be dissolved in it.
The result was not surprising. The moment he came into contact with the Cold Prison, the temperature of the Cold Prison began to rise rapidly.
"You know this is the Cold Prison, and you can even break it?" After holding back for a while, Cold was finally able to speak a complete sentence.
"There are many Cold Prisons in the upper levels of Yu Sheng-tian." Luo Zheng smiled. As for whether he could break the Cold Prison, there was no need to answer.
Cold carefully looked at Luo Zheng, the human whose life it was worried about. "It seems that I worried too much. I'm afraid it will take a lot of effort to take you down!"
"Whoosh …"
Cold's huge body leaned forward slightly and directly pounced on Luo Zheng.
After all, it was an old monster that had lived for countless years. How sharp were its eyes?
Luo Zheng did indeed have an incredible method to break through its Cold Prison. Even Cold was convinced by his ability to do so.
However, it also noticed that Luo Zheng was not very strong. With its physical advantage, Cold was confident that it could take this kid down!
Just as Cold rushed in front of Luo Zheng, the red light in Luo Yan's eyes flashed. Golden blades of light slashed towards Cold's head.
"Leng", who had suffered a loss once, casually slapped out a huge ice sheet, which directly covered Luo Yan's head. At the same time, he grabbed Luo Zheng, spun him in mid-air, and threw him fiercely toward Li Shan.
"Boom …"
Luo Zheng's four hundred thousand zhang tall body smashed through a mountain peak, and his body was embedded in the mountain.
Mount Li's originally sturdy and massive mountain seemed to have turned into soft mud, unable to withstand the destruction of the two massive creatures.
"Hu!"
A white light flickered in Leng's hand, and a slender icicle was condensed. It pierced towards Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng had no time to dodge. He reached out and grabbed the icicle.
As the Origin Divine Blood in Luo Zheng's body fluctuated, the icicle melted into a puddle of water as if it was being roasted.
"Leng" was stunned again. He frowned and stopped using the Power of Truth. Instead, he swung his fists at Luo Zheng!
"Boom boom boom boom boom …"
A huge tremor reverberated throughout Mount Li.
Many people in Mount Li saw this scene but the Mountain Lord, Sect Master, disciples, and clansmen of Mount Li were unable to participate in such a battle. On the other hand, they had to hold their posts and provide Luo Yan with an endless supply of energy!
"Ka!"
The ice covering Luo Yan's head was finally shattered by Luo Yan. When she saw her brother being pressed to the ground, her eyes turned red.
"Weng …"
The energy axis began to vibrate violently.
The energy absorbed through the Cloudy Mountain Fog Barrier Array was being released by Luo Yan to a limited extent.
Even with the help of the Tianzhi Civilization, the energy axis could be converted into a large amount of energy. However, there was still a limit.
The energy that Luo Yan was releasing had clearly exceeded this limit!
"Hua hua hua …"
A huge golden light blade flew towards "Leng" at high speed. When "Leng" felt the power of this golden light blade, he immediately used Cold Prison again.
Cold Prison was useless against Luo Zheng, but it completely countered Luo Yan's energy attack.
There was no sound, no light, no vibration …
When these huge golden light blades entered Cold Prison, they turned into millions of white light spots before dissipating.
Luo Yan's chest heaved up and down. Her face had an unnatural dark red color. This sort of overdraft was extremely damaging to her. For a short period, she could not even use her energy axis. She could only watch as "Leng" punched Luo Zheng.
Previously, when Luo Zheng communicated with the Origin God Blood, the Origin God Blood had strengthened him once.
But this strengthening was limited. At the very least, it could not defend against the attacks of "Leng".
After the Chaotic Origin Spirit became fatigued, Luo Zheng's body began to suffer. "Leng" was not only able to control the temperature, his body was also top-notch amongst the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods.
At this moment, if Luo Zheng used the Tool of Civilization, the World Inheritance, he might still be able to fight back. Heavenly Sage Primordial Beginning had already suggested this.
This suggestion was rejected by Luo Zheng. Even if he activated the World Inheritance, he might not be a match for "Leng". After all, "Leng" specialized in dealing with energy attacks.
He wanted to make use of this opportunity to force the Origin God Blood!
"Hong hong hong hong hong …"
The way "Leng" attacked was like an enormous gorilla. His thick and solid hands slammed down on Luo Zheng's body, causing Luo Zheng's sternum to break into many pieces and collapse rapidly.
Under the constant attacks, "Leng" felt strange.
Even though he felt that Luo Zheng was weak, he should not have given up struggling …
This brat seemed to have given up resisting under his body …
What was going on?
Just as "Leng" could not figure out what was going on, something even stranger happened. Luo Zheng actually started talking to himself.
"Aren't you afraid of falling into the hands of others?"
"If I were to be defeated, your situation would definitely be worse than now!"
"I believe they will definitely not let you off. You are squandering a rare opportunity to feed them!"
Judging from the information obtained from the executor and the four statues, Luo Zheng was the only existence who had fused with the complete Origin God Blood and could bring it away. No one had ever done so before.
When Luo Zheng communicated with the Origin God Blood, "Leng" was still bewildered.
Even though his fists did not stop, the astonishment in his eyes was getting denser.
Who was he persuading …
Persuading an existence that could deal with him?
At this moment, Luo Zheng's chest suddenly split open …
There was no blood flowing out, only broken ribs spreading out to both sides.
The texture of the broken ribs rapidly changed, like two rows of blades sticking up toward "Leng".
The sudden change made "Leng" stop his fists. He felt an instinctive threat!
If he did not get rid of this brat now, he was afraid that something else would happen!
"Die!"
This time, he used almost all his strength to smash down on Luo Zheng's head.
However, Luo Zheng's face also rapidly changed. His eyes, mouth, and nose quickly sank, and his face took on a horrified expression.
When "Leng's" fist hit Luo Zheng's face, it actually sank into Luo Zheng's head along with his sunken face!

Chapter 3506
Luo Zheng's head "bit" Leng's hand and refused to let go.
"Leng" raised his arm abruptly, and Luo Zheng's body was lifted out of the pit.
"Let go!"
Leng swung his arm in the opposite direction and smashed Luo Zheng's body into Mount Li again.
But Luo Zheng still refused to let go, and the way he did it was so strange that even Leng, who had seen a lot of things, felt a little scared.
Lift up, swing down.
Lift up again, swing down again.
In a few breaths' time, Luo Zheng had smashed a huge pit near the top of Mount Li.
But Leng still couldn't get rid of Luo Zheng's face no matter how hard he tried.
Luo Yan was speechless when she saw her brother being abused by Leng.
Her brother seemed to be able to withstand Leng's attacks, but he couldn't keep being beaten like this.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
When Luo Zheng hit Mount Li, a huge rock about ten feet wide flew to one side and hit the Heavenly Rat King who had just climbed out of Mount Li.
"Pa!"
The Heavenly Rat King's tail whipped gently at a speed invisible to the naked eye, and the huge rock was split in half. The cut surface was as smooth as a knife.
The other Eared Rats followed the Heavenly Rat King. When they saw the devastating battle in front of them, their expressions became very strange.
Luo Zheng was an old friend of the Eared Rats. Everyone present, including the Heavenly Rat King, knew about his various miraculous abilities.
They never thought that Luo Zheng could directly face the Ancient God of Chaos after using the Immortal Painting Scroll!
"Luo Zheng's current state is very strange. He seems to be seriously injured, but he can still hold on to Leng," said one of the Eared Rats.
The Heavenly Rat King nodded and stared faintly at Luo Zheng with his soybean-sized eyes. "His body has become very strange. He doesn't seem to be injured, but his body actively changed into this state …"
"The bloodline affects the body?" Another Eared Rat was thoughtful. It was nothing new for the Immortal Realm to obtain a bloodline that could change the body.
Winning Sky Rat King continued, "That's not the point. Luo Zheng easily resolved Leng's attacks several times. Leng doesn't even dare to use his bloodline power now. That's the most amazing thing!"
The Primal Chaos Ancient Gods relied on their Bloodline Power, which was a Truth Divine Ability. This was the foundation of the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods.
However, when the Power of Truth was ineffective, he could only rely on his physical body.
"Boom boom boom …"
After Leng's repeated attacks, he finally couldn't hold on any longer. He grabbed at the air with his other hand, and a huge ice blade formed under the white mist.
It thought that Luo Zheng had lost his eyes, nose, and mouth, and could only rely on this strange body to hold on. It was impossible for him to dissolve its Power of Truth again.
Just as the ice blade slashed toward Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng was still like a dead man. He only knew how to "bite" Leng's hand tightly and did not react to Leng's other hand.
However, just as the ice blade was about to touch Luo Zheng, one of Luo Zheng's hands seemed to have eyes and accurately pressed on the sharp edge of the ice blade.
"Sizzle …"
The sharp ice blade did not even have time to cut Luo Zheng's hand before it melted completely.
"…"
Leng felt like he was going crazy.
He couldn't shake him off or smash him to death. His divine ability was completely restrained by this guy.
Leng had never encountered such a situation before.
A junior that he didn't even take seriously had become so troublesome. This was something that Leng did not expect.
"I don't believe it!"
Leng seemed to be determined. He dragged Luo Zheng to a mountain peak at the side.
That mountain peak was like a sharp sword. This was the Sword Blade Peak of Li Mountain. The Mountain Lord, Xu Hao, was stationed there.
While Xu Hao led the mountain disciples to guard the peak, he was also silently observing the battle between Luo Zheng and Leng. Seeing Leng bring Luo Zheng over, Xu Hao sensibly gave an order.
"All disciples evacuate the Sword Blade Peak!"
The surrounding mountains of Li Mountain were too close to the center of Li Mountain.
During the battle just now, the disciples on the mountain peak naturally felt the power. Although all of them tried their best to release their energy, it was impossible to say that they were not afraid.
After all, if they were slightly affected by a battle at the level of a Chaos Ancient God, they would be reduced to ashes. Who would be willing to die?
Hence, after Xu Hao gave the order, all the disciples used Transference to disperse in all directions.
A moment ago, there were tens of thousands of people on the Sword Blade Peak. In the next moment, it was empty. The efficiency of the evacuation was indeed terrifying.
Leng rushed to the Sword Blade Peak and stopped in time. He extended his hand and slapped the Sword Blade Wind.
"Sizzle …"
White frost spread along with Leng's palm. In the blink of an eye, the Sword Blade Peak was frozen and became indestructible.
Not to mention the Mountain Master, even if Fuxi and Nuwa were here personally, they would not be able to destroy it.
After freezing the Sword Blade Peak, Leng grabbed Luo Zheng and flew up into the sky!
Heaven Winning Rat King, Luo Yan, Xu Hao, and the others saw Leng's actions and immediately understood his intentions. Leng wanted to drag Luo Zheng down from the sky and nail Luo Zheng to the Sword Blade Peak.
It was not that Leng could not defeat Luo Zheng now. He just did not have a good way to end Luo Zheng's life.
If Luo Zheng fell at high speed and did not have the chance to eliminate the Power of Truth, the Sword Blade Peak would be able to pierce through Luo Zheng.
However, just as Leng aggressively grabbed Luo Zheng and dashed up, Luo Zheng's arm suddenly extended and slapped the Sword Blade Peak. At the same time, he injected a green energy into the Sword Blade Peak.
"Hua …"
The frozen Sword Blade Peak melted in an instant. The surface of the Sword Blade Peak became lush and verdant, turning into a fairyland.
Leng was stunned in mid-air. The expression on his gorilla face was indescribable.
Xu Hao, who was hiding in the distance, did not know whether to laugh or cry when he saw this scene. This Luo Zheng …
"Brother …"
Luo Yan's eyes were also wide open. She felt that what she was seeing was not a battle, but a farce.
Forget about her brother …
Ancient God Leng, whose voice resounded throughout the Primal Chaos, seemed to be the initiator of this farce.
Leng stayed in mid-air for five to six breaths of time. Then, he braced himself and approached the Sword Blade Peak. He slapped the Sword Blade Peak again and injected the Power of Truth.
However, even after a long time, the Sword Blade Peak did not freeze.
Leng lowered his head and saw Luo Zheng's slender and boneless hand quietly sticking to the Sword Blade Peak again …
"Hahahahaha …"
Xu Hao, who was in the distance, could not help but laugh.
On the other side, Heaven Winning Rat King and the other Eared Rats were also laughing.
Even Luo Yan temporarily forgot that her brother was in danger. Her eyes turned into cute crescents.
"Roar!"