Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(new)
Vol.12

Chapter 3507
In its rage, Leng activated the bloodline power in its body without holding back.
A chill that could not be seen or touched but could be clearly felt spread out.
Although Luo Yan tried to block out the chill with the Misty Mountain Fog Barrier Array, the chill was much colder than before.
The periphery of Li Mountain was fine, but the disciples in the middle of Li Mountain were shivering from the cold. Many of them released flames to keep themselves warm.
Three blue spheres appeared in the sky. They looked like blue suns, but the light they released did not make people feel warm at all. Instead, it made them feel like they had fallen into an icy hell!
After the three suns appeared, the temperature in Li Mountain plummeted.
Whoosh!
Leng dragged Luo Zheng high into the sky and raised its right hand. Luo Zheng was also lifted up like an offering.
"Die!"
Triple Freeze Era!
Before Leng figured out the Cold Prison from the Power of Truth, it used its strongest ability.
The three blue suns flickered. Blue ice arrows shot out from the suns and headed straight for Luo Zheng.
Leng believed that Luo Zheng had some kind of bloodline that could restrain the cold. The effect was immediate. There was no other way but to admit that it was unlucky.
But no matter how much it was restrained, there was a limit!
It did not believe that the Power of Truth of a Chaos Ancient God could not beat the bloodline power of a junior!
Now that it had activated its bloodline, it would exhaust Luo Zheng to death even if it had to!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Countless thick ice arrows shot at Luo Zheng. If it were another Chaos Ancient God, they would be turned into a sieve in just a few breaths.
But Luo Zheng seemed to have an invisible energy membrane. The ice arrows that came into contact with this energy membrane would quickly disperse.
Leng had expected this situation, but it believed that Luo Zheng's bloodline power would be exhausted sooner or later. It would exhaust Luo Zheng to death with the Triple Freeze Era.
But Leng did not know that Ji and Narrow had already used this method. The two Chaos Ancient Gods had worked together to suppress the Origin Divine Blood but had failed. Leng was destined to fail!
"Hua hua hua hua hua hua …"
Countless huge ice arrows rained down on Luo Zheng's body. Ice shards fell from the sky and froze a part of Mount Li.
Even a thumb-sized piece of ice was extremely lethal.
Because of the battle between Leng and Luo Zheng, the creatures on Mount Li were constantly moving around Mount Li.
Leng was now focused on dealing with Luo Zheng. Luo Yan and the others from Mount Li were now idle. Those Mountain Lords and Gate Lords were also quietly observing the battle in the sky.
The battle between Luo Zheng and "Leng" would decide the fate of the entire Mount Li, so they were naturally concerned.
"With Luo Zheng's indiscriminate bombing, he's dead for sure …"
"He doesn't have the ability to fight back!"
"Alas, I'm still no match for the Primal Chaos Ancient God …"
Many people were frightened by the powerful ice arrows in the sky.
Just a single speck of ice was enough to kill a Saint Soul expert, yet Luo Zheng had taken so many ice arrows head-on. How could he possibly survive?
Seeing so many ice arrows descending, there was no sign of them stopping.
One incense stick's time passed …
Two incense sticks' time …
Three incense sticks' time …
Everyone saw waves of ice exploding in front of "Leng", but they couldn't see what was happening to Luo Zheng.
But after waiting for so long, the doubts in their hearts grew stronger.
"Leng" had already rained down countless ice arrows …
If it were any other Immortal Realm expert, even Fuxi or Nuwa, they would have been smashed to pieces. Why was "Leng" still attacking?
More than half an hour had passed …
The falling ice shards dyed the peaks of Mount Li white.
The light of the three blue suns in the sky gradually dimmed, and the power of the descending ice arrows was also clearly diminished.
"Leng's bloodline power is weakening," Rat King Sheng said with a complicated expression.
Luo Zheng had forcefully exhausted the bloodline power of a Primal Chaos Ancient God. How strong was his physical body?
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
The ice arrows raining down from the three blue suns became slower and slower, and their power also weakened.
Luo Zheng's body finally emerged from the ice explosion unscathed, and everyone on Mount Li sighed in amazement.
"Leng" looked at this guy in front of him, and a trace of fear involuntarily appeared in his eyes!
If he couldn't defeat this guy even after exhausting his bloodline power, wouldn't this guy follow him forever?
"Leng" never expected that he was only partially right. After Luo Zheng sensed the weakening of "Leng's" bloodline power, Luo Zheng's face suddenly spread toward "Leng's" arm again.
Luo Zheng's head turned into a ring and passed through "Leng's" arm, leaning on "Leng's" shoulder.
Even "Leng", who was used to big scenes, was horrified at this moment!
Just as he wanted to struggle, he felt a sharp pain. Luo Zheng's ribs on both sides of his chest were like two rows of sharp swords, piercing through "Leng's" body.
"Scram!"
Leng wanted to use brute force to push Luo Zheng away. In terms of pure strength, this guy was still inferior to him!
But just as he was pushed a distance away, he felt a sharp pain on his back. When he turned around, "Leng's" eyes almost popped out of their sockets.
The ribs that pierced through his body had grown barbs hundreds of feet long. These barbs firmly locked his body and Luo Zheng together!
"Monster …"
"Unbelievable monster …"
"I …"
"Leng's" heart finally showed the fear that only ordinary people could have. This extreme fear had not been felt for many years.
Driven by fear, "Leng" began to struggle desperately.
But the more he struggled, the deeper he sank.
Whether he rushed into the clouds or entered the belly of the mountain, he could not escape.
He felt like he was prey in a spider's web, being devoured by the monster in front of him bit by bit. After he was exhausted, his body gradually became numb and finally fell into darkness.
Even Luo Yan, the Victorious Sky Rat King, looked at "Luo Zheng" with a trace of panic on his face.
Was this Luo Zheng or the Luo Zheng in this form? Or was it another monster?
…
At the top of Mount Li, Luo Zheng lay on the side of a mountain.
He was conscious from the beginning to the end, but he had completely lost control of his body.
After devouring "Leng", Luo Zheng's body changed again.
The open wound on his chest gradually healed. A huge piece of meat armor spread out from his chest, and many white hairs grew on his back.
His arms were longer and stronger, looking like the arms of a gorilla …
"Was it assimilated in the process of devouring" Leng "? Or did the Origin Divine Blood do this on purpose? "Luo Zheng speculated.
With the experience just now, Luo Zheng was not surprised at what his body had become.

Chapter 3508
Luo Yan slowly floated over and looked at this huge body with vigilance.
It was hard to associate this huge monster with her brother's image …
However, she had witnessed the entire battle with her own eyes. This was undoubtedly Luo Zheng!
"Brother …"
Luo Yan called out.
Hearing Luo Yan's call, Luo Zheng raised his head.
When she saw Luo Zheng's face, she immediately sucked in a breath of cold air and retreated tens of meters.
Around Luo Zheng's cheeks, round muscles bulged. These special muscles were as tough and indestructible as supreme treasures, as if they had been refined by someone.
His eyes, nose, and mouth were deeply sunken. This sunken structure could protect his eyes, ears, mouth, and nose to the greatest extent.
However, it was very terrifying to look at. This ugly and terrifying shape was even more terrifying than a demon's.
Luo Yan resisted the discomfort in her heart and called out again, "Brother, is that you?"
Luo Zheng smiled and extended his hand towards Luo Yan.
This kind gesture finally made Luo Yan feel relieved. She landed on Luo Zheng's hand and curled her lips. "Brother, how did you become like this?"
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "There are some things that I can't control."
After changing his form, Luo Zheng's voice also changed.
His voice didn't seem to come from his throat, but from his chest. His voice was not only hoarse, but also very ear-piercing.
"You can kill a Primal Chaos Ancient God. So what if you become like this?" Victorious Sky Rat King floated to Luo Yan's side. His soybean-sized eyes were filled with admiration. "This body might be ugly in the eyes of you humans, but in my eyes, it's full of power.
This is because this is a body that was born for battle! "
Luo Zheng had killed a Primal Chaos Ancient God!
Just from this point alone, he was the number one person in the Origin World!
Moreover, Luo Zheng's method of killing "Leng" was actually to devour. This kind of "Leng" could in turn make Luo Zheng stronger …
This human youth really lived up to everyone's expectations!
"What do you mean by born for battle? That's too ugly. You don't even look like a human!" Luo Yan wrinkled his little nose and said.
Looking at his sister's reluctant look, Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I'll disperse the Rage God's body. Maybe I can change it back."
After saying that, Luo Zheng's body shrunk rapidly, returning to its original size from a hundred thousand feet tall giant.
When Luo Zheng shrunk to a height of about ten feet, his body could not shrink any further, and Luo Zheng's appearance did not return to normal!
He looked at his furry hands and his gorilla-like body, and his expression turned ugly.
In the past, when he cultivated all sorts of bizarre divine abilities, his physical body would also change. However, on one hand, those changes could be controlled. On the other hand, it was not as ugly as it was now. If he really could not change back, it would be troublesome …
The problem should be the Origin God's Blood …
Just as Luo Zheng was about to communicate with the Origin Divine Blood, a roar came from the distance.
That heavy sound was produced by the ground splitting open.
Following that, Luo Zheng, Luo Yan, Rat King Sheng, and the others saw a huge black crack appear in the distance. This black crack nearly extended to the edge of Li Mountain, and only stopped when it touched the realm wall.
After Rat King Sheng saw the scene in the distance clearly, he took a deep breath and said, "The Dao Zen Province has been torn apart by them …"
At the limit of Li Mountain's vision, they could only see the Dao Zen Province. When a few Primal Chaos Ancient Gods fought, it was not difficult to tear apart a few large provinces. Only the heavens knew how much damage they would cause.
"I wonder how Goddess Nuwa is doing," Luo Yan muttered. She was still worried about Nuwa and Fuxi's safety.
"They have their true bodies. They should be fine," Luo Zheng consoled her.
Fuxi's true body and Nuwa's true body were strong enough to fight against a Primal Chaos Ancient God. In addition to Donghuang, Ji, and Suo, Li Mountain's forces were unprecedentedly strong. They should not be at a disadvantage.
"Ka ka ka …"
A second crack appeared, and the entire Dao Zen Province disappeared.
In the face of such an intense battle, Luo Zheng finally could not sit still.
If Li Mountain and the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods standing on Li Mountain's side were defeated, Li Mountain was destined to be lost.
The Origin God Blood had just displayed a miraculous ability, giving Luo Zheng the ability to devour Primal Chaos Ancient Gods. He could feel "Leng" struggling in his body, but under the constant changes of the Origin God Blood, it forcibly digested "Leng".
From the looks of it, the Origin God Blood would not allow itself to fall into the hands of the Elemental Spirit Civilization. Luo Zheng could naturally take advantage of this to unleash the Origin God Blood's power!
"I'll go take a look. Yan 'er, protect Li Mountain with Rat King Sheng Tian!"
"Swoosh!"
Luo Zheng's figure drifted through the air, leaving behind a series of afterimages before disappearing.
…
Two huge cracks stretched across the Dao Zen Province, like the two mouths of a monster swallowing the entire Dao Zen Province.
The brown Primal Chaos cloud quietly floated below the cracks. At this moment, the Primal Chaos cloud surged, and a reddish-gold sword light stirred the world!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The sword light extended for tens of millions of meters, piercing towards one side of the Primal Chaos cloud.
"Clang! Clang! Clang!"
The reddish-gold sword light collided with something solid, and the crisp sound it emitted could be heard for tens of millions of kilometers. The living beings nearby were directly shattered by this huge sound wave.
"Whoosh!"
After several consecutive sword strikes, the person who wielded the sword was unable to break through that solid object, quickly retreated.
After rushing out of the Primal Chaos cloud, that person's face was revealed. It was Donghuang, who had activated the Rage God Body and transformed into the 600,000-meter-tall Donghuang!
"Still want to escape? Too late! "
As Donghuang retreated, he suddenly crashed into an invisible wall. At the same time, he let out a muffled groan. Donghuang rolled, wanting to pass through the wall from the other side. However, the left and right sides of the wall were sealed by invisible walls, and he was trapped in this space.
Inside the space.
The next moment, Sky's figure appeared outside the wall. His huge single eye contained a trace of anger and depression.
The strength that Li Shan suddenly displayed far exceeded Sky's expectations. Not to mention Ji and Narrow, who were evenly matched, just Donghuang, Fuxi, and Nuwa's strength was extremely exaggerated!
If not for Grandmaster Tongtian, he and Ruin would have been defeated long ago.
While Grandmaster Tongtian was busy with Ji and Narrow, Sky finally found a chance to trap Donghuang.
After Donghuang's true body was trapped, he did not panic too much.
"Hum!"
Powerful bloodline power surged out of Donghuang's body, and a golden sword light surged in the space.
"Clang! Clang! Clang!"
The sword light bounced back and forth in the space that trapped Donghuang's true body, but the space was so stable that the sword light could not damage it at all.
"Struggling is useless. The difference between you and me is the difference in bloodline itself," Sky mocked.
As the blue light in his eyes flashed, small intersecting spaces began to appear in the space that trapped Donghuang. Sky wanted to use these small spaces to cut Donghuang into countless pieces.
When these small spaces appeared, Donghuang's body was fixed in place. At the same time, cuts of various sizes appeared on his body. The cuts constantly deepened, and blood flowed out from the cuts.

Chapter 3509
Luo Zheng's appearance hadn't returned to normal. He was still a monster about ten feet tall. In this form, his aura had also changed greatly.
Kong didn't recognize him at first glance. However, if someone dared to break in under such circumstances, he was probably not an ordinary person.
"Whoosh …"
Kong's single eye flickered with blue light. Two spaces had formed on Luo Zheng's left and right sides.
As long as these two spaces bound Luo Zheng, he could cut Luo Zheng in half with a gentle pull from the left and right.
However, these two spaces collapsed as soon as they enveloped Luo Zheng's body.
"What!"
Kong's single eye flickered with a trace of astonishment. He quickly thought of Luo Zheng. Was this monster that guy?
While Kong was still thinking, Luo Zheng's body suddenly expanded and became a monster more than eight hundred thousand feet tall.
Previously, Luo Zheng's Rage God body could only expand him to about four hundred thousand feet tall. He still thought that was the case before he activated the Rage God body.
However, after activating the Rage God body, he was shocked to find that his body had doubled in size.
Was it because he had swallowed the "cold"?
An ominous premonition flashed in Kong's heart.
Previously, Luo Zheng could easily break Tongtian's Fishing Drum and Kong's Triangle World. If this horrifying monster was really Luo Zheng, the situation would be bad.
What made Kong even more confused was that Luo Zheng's current form had some "cold" characteristics, such as his long and strong arms and the white hair on his arms.
"Who are you?" Kong raised his head and asked.
Luo Zheng just gave Kong an ugly smile. Then he stretched out his foot and stomped lightly. A big hole appeared in the space that imprisoned Luo Zheng.
"It's really that guy …"
Kong finally confirmed Luo Zheng's identity. Only he could easily break his space barrier in such a short time.
But why did this guy become like this …
Just as it was feeling puzzled, the Eastern Emperor's true body had already thrust his sword forward. Countless golden sword rays bloomed from his sword.
"Whoosh!"
After the big hole was broken, the space was no longer whole. It was directly cut into pieces by these sword rays.
Swish, swish, swish …
The sharp golden sword radiance enveloped Sky like a net.
Void's spatial barrier was very effective against the Eastern Emperor's true body, but it didn't mean that Void could easily control the Eastern Emperor.
After the Eastern Emperor's true body squeezed his bloodline to the limit, the Sword Dao he displayed was extremely exaggerated and terrifying, and the slightest carelessness would cause one to be sliced into pieces!
'Kong' rapidly retreated. At the same time, he clapped his hands and numerous space shields with a width of one million zhang appeared one after another.
"Clang! Clang! Clang … "
Donghuang's true body chased after them, shattering the Space Shields one after another.
That golden sword light was like a death reaper, and it would not stop until it had slashed "Sky" into pieces!
Just as Sky was trying his best to fend off the Eastern Emperor's pursuit, he suddenly felt a spatial fluctuation coming from above.
As a Primal Chaos Ancient God who controlled the truth of space, Void was extremely sensitive to space fluctuations. As soon as the space fluctuations appeared, he knew that Luo Zheng was attacking him!
"Buzz …"
Void reflexively pointed upwards, and a spatial fluctuation enveloped Luo Zheng. He actually wanted to banish Luo Zheng to a corner of the Primal Chaos!
He had forgotten that his original intention in attacking Mount Li was to complete Genryū's mission — to capture Luo Zheng at all costs.
Now, because Void felt that Luo Zheng was a threat, he wanted to banish him!
But the spatial fluctuations had just gathered on Luo Zheng's body when they disappeared …
At this moment, Void could clearly sense that Luo Zheng's body was releasing an opposite spatial fluctuation, counteracting Void's banishment!
"How is this possible!?"
Void's eyes were filled with disbelief.
There was still a spatial energy in the Primal Chaos that was the complete opposite of his own?
If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, Void would never have believed it. But Luo Zheng had done it so easily …
While "Kong" was still in shock, Luo Zheng had already pounced over and grabbed "Kong" tightly from behind.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Not far away, the Eastern Sovereign's main body took advantage of this opportunity to attack. Golden sword light blasted bloody holes in Void's body.
Void frantically activated his bloodline power, wanting to teleport himself away. Blue spatial truth swirled around his body. Void's body was like an object that was about to disappear. One moment, it was an illusory shadow, and the next moment, it was extremely solid.
Reality.
"Pfff pfff pfff pfff pfff …"
As Void struggled, sixteen sword-like ribs protruded from Luo Zheng's chest and pierced into Void's body. Barbs grew out from the ribs once more, firmly connecting Void and Luo Zheng as one.
The Eastern Sovereign's main body had been in Luo Zheng's inner world this entire time. He had a rough understanding of Luo Zheng's Origin Divine Blood, but when he saw this scene, he was extremely shocked. How could this kid have such an attack method?
Void instinctively felt the pain and realized that something was wrong.
In terms of truth divine abilities, there was still a large gap between Void and Cold.
Cold was skilled at controlling temperature. By relying on extremely low temperatures, he was practically unafraid of all energy attacks. This was also the reason why Heavenly Rat King's Divine Crystal Array had failed.
Void, on the other hand, was skilled at controlling space. In terms of imprisonment and escape, he had incomparable divine abilities that other Primal Chaos Ancient Gods could not compare to!
Following Void's roar, his body suddenly collapsed!
His body was like a tower made of sand that suddenly collapsed. Every grain of sand in Void's body transformed into an extremely small space, the smallest substance in the Primal Chaos. At this moment, Void finally broke free from Luo Zheng's restraints.
An eight-foot-tall man was already made of billions of tiny spaces, and Sky's enormous body had an order of magnitude more tiny spaces than this man!
Countless extremely small spaces that could not be seen with the naked eye moved to another place and returned to their original positions according to their respective order. Void's body gradually recovered. This method of movement also consumed a large amount of energy for Void.
When he looked at Luo Zheng again, his expression was filled with fear. He had just sensed that if he did not fight, his life would be in danger. And Luo Zheng's next sentence confirmed Void's guess.
"Not bad. You are superior to Cold in every aspect, but that is all." Luo Zheng used his chest to make an unnatural sound.
Void's eyes suddenly widened. "Cold descended on Mount Li? How is it? "
Actually, Void already had an answer in his heart. Luo Zheng's white hair and arms did not appear for no reason. But Void still found it hard to believe that a Primal Chaos Ancient God had died at Luo Zheng's hands.
After all, for countless years, no Primal Chaos Ancient God had died at the hands of a human.
As an existence that controlled truth in the Primal Chaos, it was undefeatable.

Chapter 3510
Although there were many forces in the Chaos, they weren't complicated.
After the six Chaos Ancient Gods split into two factions, the division of forces in the Mother World stabilized.
Fuxi was the one who wanted to complete the End the most. He had been trying his best to become stronger until he could kill the Chaos Ancient Gods and break the balance.
The Chaos Ancient Gods were invincible. This was one of the truths in the Chaos.
Fuxi couldn't break this truth, but Luo Zheng did it …
When Kong looked at Luo Zheng again, his eyes were filled with caution and fear. After all, Primal Chaos Ancient Gods were not immortal and indestructible. Anyone would be wary of an existence that could kill them.
Even though Kong was about seventy to eighty percent convinced, it still said, "Just you? Shameless boasting! "
Luo Zheng glanced at Kong indifferently. "You'll know soon whether I'm shameless or not."
With that, Luo Zheng's body suddenly disappeared.
There were no spatial fluctuations …
There was no space passage …
It was as if Luo Zheng had used a magical power to teleport!
Kong's expression changed when he saw Luo Zheng disappear.
He was the Ancient God in charge of the truth of space. What kind of brilliant method did Luo Zheng use to avoid his detection?
Buzz!
The blue light in Sky's eyes surged, and a powerful Power of Truth was released. Finally, he was able to discern some clues.
In the black void, there was an extremely thin line that moved like a worm and quickly approached him.
When Kong saw this line, it was already very close to him!
"Go!"
Kong didn't hesitate to use teleportation.
Just as "Sky" disappeared, Luo Zheng had already rushed out from the end of the line, but he was a step too late. "Sky" had already shifted to the distance.
"He can actually discover me. Other Chaos Ancient Gods shouldn't be able to do that, right?" Luo Zheng shrugged.
After the Origin God Blood devoured Cold, it became interested in devouring Chaos Ancient Gods.
When Luo Zheng was dealing with Void, the Origin God Blood also played an active role. For example, this amazing space god art was difficult to see through even for Void. Luo Zheng almost succeeded again.
Although Sky could still split into countless tiny spaces to escape, this method of escape was extremely taxing for Sky. After a few times, he would not be able to escape.
After failing the first time, Luo Zheng turns around and nods at the East Emperor.
The Eastern Emperor naturally understood what Luo Zheng meant. His eyes flashed sharply, and the sword in his hand turned into a golden light that enveloped Sky. At the same time, Luo Zheng disappeared again!
Sky dodged the golden sword light released by the Eastern Emperor's true body, and at the same time, he had to be careful of the curved line.
This line was easy to overlook, and under the countless golden sword auras, it was almost impossible to distinguish it!
Sky used greater teleportation again. As he dodged the golden sword auras, his huge body flickered. In a short time, he had already teleported millions of miles away.
But just as Sky stopped, the line appeared behind him like a maggot. Luo Zheng's ribs stood up, and he once again hugged Sky from behind.
Puff puff puff puff …
The sword-like ribs pierced sixteen bloody holes in Sky's body …
This time, Sky did not put up a pointless struggle. He split into trillions of tiny spaces and escaped from Luo Zheng's embrace, then reformed.
This was the second time he had split into countless tiny spaces. Even as strong as Sky was, he was very tired.
But just as he reformed, Luo Zheng disappeared again. He once again transformed into a thin line and charged at him, not giving Sky any chance to breathe.
Looking at Luo Zheng's aggressive attacks, "Kong" sighed slightly and chose to banish him.
He could not exile Luo Zheng, but he could exile himself …
By the time Luo Zheng appeared at the end of the thin line, Sky had already exiled himself to the edge of the Mother World.
"It's not greater teleportation this time?" Luo Zheng looked surprised.
"He should have exiled himself. It will take some effort to rush back." Donghuang was very sure.
"He ran fast." Luo Zheng shrugged. At this moment, a strong energy fluctuation bloomed from behind the chaotic cloud in the distance.
Luo Zheng and Donghuang did not hesitate. They rushed over.
…
The chaotic cloud was huge. Compared to it, its body of hundreds of thousands of feet was just a drop in the ocean.
On one side of the chaotic cloud, there were sixteen huge purple pillars floating. Every purple pillar was engraved with mysterious patterns and contained a great sealing power.
These purple pillars formed a perfect cage, trapping everyone in Li Mountain.
Fuxi's true body, Nuwa's true body, Ji's true body, and Kong's true body were all heavily injured.
There was a huge hole a hundred thousand feet wide in the chest of Fuxi's true body. There was black fire burning at the hole, preventing this terrifying wound from healing.
One of Suo's arms was broken, and half of his head was split open.
Ji looked the most wretched. His pincers had been broken, leaving only a bald tail.
Only Nuwa's true body was in a better state. She was not injured, but she still looked tired. The battle with Sect Master Tongtian had clearly taken a toll on her.
With Ji's Life Truth Divine Art, their wounds could be healed in an instant, but their wounds were still burning with black fire.
This black fire was the nemesis of life truth. When Ji had been entangled by this black fire, he had spent a lot of time to get rid of it. Now that the battle was intense, he naturally did not have the time.
Also, the cage formed by the purple pillars was a lawless cage created by Void to imprison truth.
In the lawless cage, their power was weakened by more than half!
Sect Master Tongtian stood on one of the purple pillars, looking down at the injured people. A cold smile appeared on his face. "I can give you one chance, join my Wu Kong Clan, and submit to me."
When Void, who had created the lawless cage, heard this, his face darkened.
Sect Master Tongtian was powerful, but to be able to subdue these four people, Void also played a large part.
Also, Void's position was completely different from Sect Master Tongtian. The reason why they had teamed up was to fight against Li Mountain. After dealing with Li Mountain, it would probably be a battle between them.
Now, Sect Master Tongtian wanted everyone in Li Mountain to submit, how could Void agree?
"Sect Master Tongtian, you and I teamed up to take down Li Mountain. These people can be killed, but they cannot submit," Void said directly.
Who knew that Sect Master Tongtian turned his head to look at Void and sneered. "Why should I listen to you?"
"I also played a part in taking them down," Void threatened. "If I remove the lawless cage, Sect Master Tongtian, you will be in trouble."
No matter how powerful Sect Master Tongtian was, it would be difficult for him to deal with two chaos ancient gods. With Fuxi and Nuwa's true bodies, it was even more impossible.

Chapter 3511
Previously, the Prime of Tongtian had used the Twin Snakes to make an oath against Sky.
Before taking down Li Shan, the Grandmaster of Heaven would indeed not attack 'Kong', but he had no restrictions on attacking 'Xu'.
Now that he had used "Ruin" to take down the people of Mount Li, he had completely obtained "Ruin's" abilities. "Ruin" had already lost its value.
"Tongtian, what is the meaning of this?" Ruin's expression darkened.
In the Lawless Cage, Ruin felt his power greatly weaken.
Unable to control the Lawless Cage, he could only allow Tongtian to do as he pleased.
"Destroying my future enemy in advance, is that right?" Tongtian said matter-of-factly.
He represented the Wu Kong Clan, and was the enemy of the Yuan Ling Civilization behind Ruin.
"You … …"
Ruin's body started to shine, and his bloodline power was wildly activated.
As the powerful energy surged in his body, the purple pillars also started to shine. Ruin was fighting for control of the Lawless Cage.
If Ruin was outside the Lawless Cage, with his understanding of the truth of imprisonment, Tongtian would most likely not be able to win.
But now that Ruin was inside the Lawless Cage, he was greatly suppressed by the Lawless Cage. This fight only lasted for a few breaths of time before the victor was decided. Ruin was completely defeated by Tongtian.
"The leader of the Wu Kong Clan, you are so treacherous!" Ruin said hatefully.
"I have never made an oath with you. What did I betray, what did I forsake?" Tongtian shrugged.
"You … …" Ruin was so angry he couldn't speak.
Ruin was not like the other chaos ancient gods. He rarely moved in the mortal world, and naturally did not understand these deceitful ways.
"Hmph, this Wu Kong Clan and Yuan Ling Civilization are the same kind of people. When they need them, they just use them. When they don't need them, they kill them at will. It's a pity that when I tried to persuade you back then, you didn't listen at all." Fuxi suddenly spoke.
Fuxi had given his body to Fuxi's true body for a long time, but in the end, he was still trapped in the Lawless Cage. He did not blame his true body.
After all, if he personally fought in this battle, the result would not be better than Fuxi's true body … …
However, when he saw that Ruin was also imprisoned by the Lawless Cage, he couldn't help but snatch control of his body and mock Ruin.
Back then, Fuxi had almost won over "Ruin", but it still listened to slander and chose to follow the path of order.
Ruin was originally furious, but when he heard Fuxi's words, he retorted, "Isn't Li Shan the leader of the Path of the End? Didn't you all end up like this?! "
When he said this, Fuxi, Nuwa, Ji, and Ze all revealed a trace of sadness in their eyes.
At the end of the chaos, it was only a matter of time before it was destroyed …
The chaos in the past had experienced it countless times, but those chaos always had the chance to try after the Final Descent. This round of chaos did not even have the chance to try, which was really sad.
"If we can't complete this round of Primordial Chaos, we still have the next round," Fuxi retorted.
Ruin immediately laughed and pointed at Tongtian Sect Leader and said, "Now that he won, the Wu Kong clan won, do you think there will be a next round?"
Fuxi glanced at Tongtian Sect Leader, and despair finally appeared in the depths of his eyes.
From the beginning of Li Shan's establishment, Fuxi and Nuwa knew their mission. The Path of the End was engraved in his bones like a kind of thought. Even if he died, he was not afraid. He believed that the rounds of chaos reincarnation would eventually give birth to a stunning and extraordinary person.
If a thousand times did not work, then ten thousand times. If ten thousand times did not work, then a hundred thousand times.
Time was very cheap in front of eternity. As long as there was a possibility of breaking the Path of the End, they would eventually succeed after countless attempts. This was also Fuxi's previous judgment.
However, in this judgment, he had overlooked the Wu Kong clan. These guys were simply inhuman existences …
And the guy leading them was a genuine human!
"You … why did you do this?" Fuxi looked up and asked.
Fuxi's true body and Nuwa's true body naturally knew about the connection between Tongtian Sect Leader and the 77th civilization, but Fuxi did not know!
"You're just a replica. It's meaningless to know this," Tongtian Sect Leader said indifferently. "You only need to know that if you want to live, you have to submit to me!"
As his voice fell, Tongtian Sect Leader shook his long sleeve gently, and a black ship came out from his sleeve.
The ship's captain jumped out from the bow and activated the Rage God Body at the same time. As his body expanded, he also took out the Binding Contract Twin Snakes.
"Swear under the Binding Contract Twin Snakes to submit to the Sect Leader and join the Wu Kong clan. Then, you can live," the ship's captain said.
Even Chaos Ancient Gods could not escape the restrictions of the Binding Contract. Once an oath was made, it had to be obeyed.
"If you refuse, I'll send you to your deaths." Tongtian Sect Leader's voice was extremely calm, as if there was no threat at all.
Fuxi, Nuwa's true body, Shuang, Ji, and Xu all fell silent.
For existences like them, death was not something they could not accept. However, they had to consider the situation they would face after death …
This defeat would probably cause Li Shan to lose everything.
"My time is limited." Tongtian Sect Leader shook the Qingping Sword gently. The green sword light mixed with black fire swam back and forth on the sword's edge.
In truth, this battle had only wiped out Li Shan's bloodline. Tongtian Sect Leader had yet to obtain the final victory. Next, he had to deal with the Elemental Spirit Civilization. The battle with the Elemental Spirit Civilization could take place within the primal chaos or on the other side.
Seeing that they were still silent, the green and black sword light pierced through them.
Squelch! Squelch! Squelch! Squelch!
The sword pierced through their chests. Black flames burned fiercely in their chests.
Although these wounds wouldn't take their lives, the black flames burning their hearts was definitely a form of torture. Their faces instantly twisted in pain.
But as the black flames burned, the people in the Lawless Cage endured it.
"I just want to find some useful people in the primal chaos. It seems that you all have strong willpower. If you can't be used, then die."
Tongtian Sect Leader's killing intent was aroused. He waved his hand, and the entire Lawless Cage quickly shrank.
The distance between the purple pillars shrank, and the pressure within began to multiply.
Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others were still doing their best to resist the black flames. Under the pressure of the Lawless Cage, their power was suppressed even more.
Unable to resist, the black flames burned more and more fiercely. They were most likely going to be devoured alive.
"Hum!"
Right at this moment, a golden sword projection pierced through the vast distance and landed squarely on the Lawless Cage.
The power of the golden sword light was so great that it was not inferior to the cyan sword light of Tongtian. This sword light shook the entire cage, and the cage did not suppress Goddess Nvywa and the others as much as possible, giving them a chance to take a breather.
"Donghuang?"

Chapter 3512
Donghuang's true body wasn't weak, but he shouldn't be Void's match.
Tongtian was naturally surprised to see Donghuang rush over.
As for Fuxi, Nuwa's true body, Ji, and Teng, they were surprised as well. Ruins felt despair.
Donghuang's true body spiraled up as a golden sword beam instantly spread across the world.
Hum! Hum! Hum! Hum …
The Sword Dao divine ability that was powered by his bloodline was pushed to its limits by Donghuang's true body. Nineteen golden swords extended out with him as the center.
These golden swords were in a semi-illusory state. They were infinitely long and void. A portion of the void golden swords pierced into the mother world and even penetrated the entire mother world. However, the mother world wasn't injured by the golden swords.
All living beings felt their hearts palpitate when they were swept by the void golden swords.
The golden swords were extremely solid near their ends. Even the strongest Dharma treasure in the Chaos would be sliced apart!
Hum!
Accompanied by a sharp whistling sound that nearly pierced one's eardrums, the nineteen golden swords fused into one and slashed down at Tongtian.
The instant the golden swords slashed down, it was as though countless suns had painted a golden arc in the sky. A terrifying force was released from the swords as Donghuang's true body wanted to shatter Tongtian and the Lawless Cage.
"This Donghuang is so strong!" Fuxi said excitedly.
Nuwa's true body remained composed. Fuxi's true body that was attached to Fuxi's body also sighed slightly.
Donghuang's true body wasn't weak, but the gap between him and Tongtian was too great. Even if Donghuang's true body pushed this body to its limits, he wouldn't be Tongtian's match.
They didn't know how Donghuang's true body defeated Void, but now that Donghuang's true body had rushed over, there was no way to reverse the situation.
Facing Donghuang's slash, Tongtian only snorted coldly and gently placed the Qingping Sword above him!
The Qingping Sword seemed to be completely fixed in place as it remained above Tongtian's head.
Clang!
The gigantic golden sword struck the Qingping Sword as the gigantic golden sword trembled. As for the Qingping Sword, it remained motionless in the void. It didn't move at all!
Donghuang's eyes were filled with obsession as he clenched his fists, raised his sword, and slashed down!
Clang!
Clang!
"Clang!"
The golden sword was the strongest divine power that Eastern Sovereign could control, but the seemingly ordinary Qingping Sword was able to easily block it …
After several consecutive slashes, the Eastern Emperor's true body changed from slashing to slashing horizontally, continuously changing directions.
The Grandmaster of Heaven gently pointed with his finger, and the Qingping Sword changed its direction. It still easily blocked the golden sword.
After slashing out ten times in a row, the golden sword formed by the Eastern Emperor's true body showed signs of dissipating, and the golden light also dimmed a lot.
"Although I don't know how you escaped from 'Kong', since you have the courage to die, I'll fulfill your wish." The Grandmaster of Heaven suddenly raised his sword and left the purple pillar to charge towards the Eastern Emperor's true body.
As soon as the Grandmaster of Heaven escaped from the illegal cage, the Ruin tried to snatch the control. However, as soon as the Ruin used its ability, the Grandmaster of Heaven turned around and looked at it silently. A few purple pillars flashed and suppressed the Ruin.
Restrain.
The Eastern Emperor did not intend to retreat. He still wielded the dim golden sword and slashed toward the Prime of Tongtian.
"Whoosh!"
The Grandmaster of Heaven gently blocked the Qingping Sword and easily blocked the Eastern Emperor's sword. At the same time, he suddenly accelerated and arrived in front of the Eastern Emperor in the blink of an eye. The Qingping Sword that was suffused with black flames was already in front of the Eastern Emperor!
"Die," the Prime of Tongtian uttered.
What puzzled the Grandmaster of Heaven was that the Eastern Emperor's true body did not show any fear in the face of the sword that was bound to kill him. Instead, there was a hint of mockery …
What was the meaning of a person who was about to die showing such emotions?
The moment the Grandmaster of Heaven was puzzled, he suddenly felt a strange emotion. It was as if a wheat awn had pierced into the back of his neck, producing an indescribable stabbing pain.
He turned around almost reflexively and saw a huge and ugly monster that looked like a gorilla appear in front of him. The monster stretched out its long arms and wanted to hug him.
"Get lost!"
The Grandmaster of Heaven's reaction was almost at the limit. He even had a hint of the ability to predict the future.
He held the Qingping Sword in his hand horizontally and slashed at the monster's chest!
If the monster really dared to hug him, the Qingping Sword would directly cut him in half!
If it was an ordinary person, they would definitely give up. However, in Luo Zheng's form, there were countless possibilities.
Suddenly, two ribs drilled into his body. The two ribs flickered with a metallic color, indicating that they were extremely sturdy. The ends of the two ribs had already split open, allowing the Qingping Sword's blade to be placed in them!
"What the hell is this?"
The two ribs were like a sword rack that was custom-made for the Qingping Sword. They were neither too big nor too small.
When such a strange thing suddenly happened, even the knowledgeable Grandmaster of Heaven was so shocked that his eyeballs almost fell out.
Just as the Grandmaster of Heaven was shocked, Luo Zheng's arms had already wrapped around him. At the same time, the other ribs in his chest also broke out of his body and pierced towards the Grandmaster of Heaven.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff …"
These ribs were the sharpest swords. They pierced through the Grandmaster of Heaven without any obstruction.
In the lawless cage, Fuxi, Nuwa's true body, Ji, and Cong's faces were filled with disbelief.
"Who is that?"
"Why would such a monster suddenly appear?"
"Even the heavens are helping us!"
Everyone understood that the situation had taken a turn for the better, although they did not know where this white-haired monster had come from.
After the battle began, Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others had no time to care about Luo Zheng.
They felt that although Luo Zheng had fused with the Origin Bloodline, although he had just entered the Immortal Realm, his strength was still a level lower. He could not participate in the battle between the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods. Therefore, they had let him and Luo Yan protect Li Mountain together.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would have such a mutation?
After being hugged by Luo Zheng, the Grandmaster of Heaven's reaction was almost exactly the same as Void's. He tried to forcibly move away.
However, his body constantly blurred, condensed, blurred, and condensed. He went back and forth a few times, but he was still in Luo Zheng's embrace and could not move at all. However, the Grandmaster of Heaven quickly thought of an escape method similar to Void's. He turned his body into countless tiny spaces.
He slipped away from Luo Zheng's embrace.
The Grandmaster of Heaven, who was formed from countless tiny spaces, had an unfriendly expression. If not for Void's miraculous ability, he probably would not have been able to escape.
"Who are you?" the Grandmaster of Heaven asked coldly.
Fuxi, Nuwa's true body, Ji, Cong, and even Ruin stared at this ugly monster with curious gazes. Their hearts were also filled with curiosity.

Chapter 3513
Before the battle began, Luo Zheng's body had already mutated. Nuwa's true body knew about this.
Now, Nuwa's true body was also somewhat suspicious when she saw this huge monster. However, the difference between this monster and Luo Zheng was too great. Moreover, Luo Zheng's Rage God Body was only slightly more than four hundred thousand feet.
This monster's body was already more than a million feet. It was twice as big.
"Unfortunately, you avoided it." Luo Zheng used his chest to make an unpleasant sound.
The penetrating power of the voice was extremely strong. Moreover, the voice contained a bewitching power.
Almost all living beings who heard this voice would instinctively feel fear and disgust towards Luo Zheng. Even these Immortal Realm experts were no exception.
"Who are you?" The Prime of Tongtian asked again.
He instinctively felt that this monster was very difficult to deal with. If possible, he did not want to fight it.
"There is no such existence in the Primal Chaos." Seeing that the monster did not answer directly, the captain explained from behind Tongtian.
The Wu Kong Clan's information on the Primal Chaos was all collected by the black ship. It was a dereliction of duty for the captain to miss such a powerful existence.
The captain was also puzzled. It was impossible for such a powerful Immortal Realm expert to randomly appear in the Primal Chaos. Did this monster descend from the other shore?
"Then …"
While Tongtian was still thinking of a way to communicate, the monster turned around and signaled to Donghuang's true body.
Donghuang's golden sword condensed again and slashed towards Tongtian's head.
Tongtian naturally did not take Donghuang seriously. He flicked his Qingping Sword and blocked Donghuang's sword.
However, as the two of them exchanged blows, the white-furred monster disappeared. In the next moment, it appeared in the Lawless Cage beside Fuxi and Nuwa's true body.
Xu's Lawless Cage looked ordinary, but it was actually very powerful.
Even Ji, Chang, and Xu were suppressed by the Lawless Cage. They could not resist …
This white-furred monster seemed to have a chance of defeating Tongtian, Fuxi, and Nuwa's true body. Ji and Chang had just thought that the white-furred monster's appearance would bring them a turn of events.
Who would have thought that the white-furred monster would take the initiative to enter …
"How did you come in?!"
Fuxi stared at the white-furred monster with an agitated expression. He even had the urge to curse at it. He had never seen such a stupid beast before.
The Prime of Tongtian and the ferryman were overjoyed to see this.
They didn't expect the white-haired monster to walk right into their trap!
No matter who fell into the illegal cage, their strength would be greatly reduced, and they would be at the mercy of Prime of Tongtian.
Tongtian thought that the white-haired monster would be a big trouble, but he didn't expect it to be so reckless. Tongtian was so happy that he tried his best to control the cage to suppress the creature.
As for Donghuang …
A sharp light flashed in his eyes, and a line of strange Sanskrit words flowed down his cheeks like tears from the center of his pupils.
"Buzz …"
The line of teardrop-like Sanskrit shone brightly, and his strength and speed suddenly skyrocketed. It was obvious that he had to end the battle with Donghuang as soon as possible.
Donghuang's true body felt Tongtian's aura skyrocket, and his expression became serious. Under the constant urging of his bloodline power, the golden sword shone brightly again.
Inside the illegal cage, the black flames on Nuwa's true body, Fuxi, Silence, and Crouch's bodies hadn't extinguished. When Tongtian was dealing with the white-furred monster, the suppression of the illegal cage had weakened, and they could barely resist the black flames.
The area burned increased.
Now that the illegal cage's suppression had skyrocketed, the black flames began to rapidly spread again …
According to the speed at which the black flames were spreading, it wouldn't take long for them to be completely devoured!
But at that moment, the white-furred monster suddenly reached out to grab the purple pillar beside it.
The purple pillar of the illegal cage was almost indestructible from the inside. The two Chaos Elder Gods, Fuxi and Nuwa, had tried, but they couldn't even damage it at all.
Seeing the white-furred monster's actions, they didn't think much of it, especially Ruin, who shook his head.
But the moment the white-furred monster reached out to grab the pillar, the purple light on the purple pillar instantly dimmed, and was replaced by a gray light. This gray light rapidly spread across the purple pillar as though it was contagious!
"What!?"
"What is this …"
"You can break the illegal cage?"
Fuxi's eyes widened again, as though they were about to fall out of their sockets.
The illegal cage that couldn't be shaken by everyone's combined efforts was easily destroyed just like that …
Among them, the most surprised was Ruin, who built the illegal cage. When he comprehended the illegal cage from the Power of Truth, he understood that the weakness of the illegal cage was on the outside.
Donghuang's sword just now made the illegal cage surge, but it was basically impossible to destroy the illegal cage from the inside.
But this guy in front of him did it …
Tongtian was about to go all out to quickly take down Donghuang when he suddenly realized that something was wrong. He turned his head to look, and his expression changed drastically.
The illegal cage that was originally glowing purple had now turned greenish-gray. It seemed to be eroded by some kind of opposite energy!
"You …"
Seeing that he was in control of the entire situation and that the problem in the Chaos would be solved after he got rid of these guys, the only thing left would be the war in the Nirvana Realm. But this monster that suddenly appeared broke the illegal cage so easily.
Tongtian wasn't stupid. A light flashed across his mind, and he blurted out, "You are Luo Zheng!"
Luo Zheng had used a similar ability before, and he was the only one in the Chaos who had such a method.
Fuxi, who escaped from the illegal cage, stared at the white-haired monster again. "You are really Luo Zheng? How did you become like this!? "
Not far away, Nuwa's original body looked normal, including Ruin and Narrow. But when they saw the white-haired monster break the illegal cage so easily, they were sure of the white-haired monster's identity.
"I did become a little ugly, hehe …" Luo Zheng had no intention of hiding his identity.
"With such strength, it doesn't matter if it's ugly," Fuxi said disapprovingly. He stared at Luo Zheng's body with envy. Although Luo Zheng's body had grown in an extremely strange manner, every structure of his body was useful, or rather, more suitable.
To kill and fight!
"Ruin, do you see that? Among the billions of creatures in the Chaos, a possibility will eventually be born. Now, you still want to stand on their side? "Ruin took the opportunity to persuade.
Although Ruin chose to stand on the path of order, in terms of personality, he was a little erratic. But the ancient and powerful Elemental Spirit civilization made him think that the path of order was easier to succeed.
But after seeing Luo Zheng's performance, Ruin's heart wavered. Maybe this round of Chaos was destined to be different?

Chapter 3514
The situation that Tongtian had worked so hard to establish had collapsed in a short time.
The people who had been controlled had regained their freedom. He now had to face seven opponents: Fuxi, Nuwa herself, Ji, Narrow, Luo Zheng, Donghuang, and Ruins!
Apart from Ji, Narrow, and Ruins, the others were all top experts in the Immortal Realm. Luo Zheng was even more of an anomaly.
As for Tongtian's helper, it was only the boatman.
But the boatman, who had run amok in the world, could only swallow his saliva when facing these powerful existences. In terms of real strength, he was probably at a disadvantage in the battle with Fuxi. As for facing Fuxi himself, he was far inferior.
"It seems that my judgment in Pingyi Heaven was right," Tongtian stared at Luo Zheng and said.
He thought that Luo Zheng was worth the Wu Kong Clan paying a huge price to rope him in. Unfortunately, neither he nor Huo succeeded.
Both Huo and Tongtian had sharp intuition. They both realized that Luo Zheng had to be obtained. If they couldn't, they could only destroy him. Otherwise, he would become a huge hidden danger.
Therefore, after Luo Zheng entered the Immortal Scroll, the Kurofune and the You Xiong Clan attacked the Heavenly Palace at the same time. They only had one goal, and that was to obtain Luo Zheng.
But things didn't go as planned. After the three forces got involved, things developed to this point. Tongtian didn't expect this.
Luo Zheng had only returned for a short time, and he already had the ability to kill him …
What kind of bloodline did this kid get?
Even the origin bloodline shouldn't be so powerful …
"It doesn't matter if your judgment is right or wrong, because you can't affect the situation," Luo Zheng responded to Tongtian.
Now, there was only one path in front of Tongtian. Either he abandoned the Ring of Descent and fled to the other side, or he died here.
In fact, the Wu Kong Clan did not suffer too much loss. Returning to the other shore was the best choice for the Tongtian Sect Leader. He could totally wait for the next opportunity. When the Yuanling Civilization and Li Shan fought, he would be the oriole behind again.
But after all, he was a ruthless lord who had fought with Mu Lingdu for hundreds of chaos eras. When he heard Luo Zheng say that he couldn't affect the situation, his eyes flashed, and a handsome and unruly smile appeared on his face.
"Hahahahaha …"
"What a joke …"
Tongtian Sect Leader pointed at Ji and said, "Do you really think that Luo Zheng, a weirdo, can turn the situation around? Do you really think that the End, which hasn't been completed in thousands of chaos epochs, can be completed this time?"
Sect Leader Tongtian heard what Ji had said to persuade Ruin. Now, Sect Leader Tongtian sneered.
"The only fate of this Chaos is to remain silent forever. Whether it is this Chaos World or the thousands of other worlds, they have never escaped this fate. You can't escape it either!" The Prime of Tongtian continued to sneer.
Silence, Narrow, Ruins, and Fuxi's expressions changed drastically upon hearing this.
However, the Eastern Emperor's true body, Luo Zheng, and Nuwa's true body were extremely calm.
Tongtian's insight was amazing. He could sense the emotional changes of everyone. Why were Luo Zheng, Donghuang, and Nuwa so calm?
"The thousands of other worlds … You're saying that there are similar worlds outside the Chaos, and they've all been destroyed?" Fuxi's face was filled with disbelief.
Fuxi only knew that there was a Xuanliang World outside the Chaos not long ago, but he didn't know that there were thousands of similar worlds in the Xuanliang World, and they were all destroyed.
"With your way of thinking, you can't understand what happened." Tongtian Sect Leader glanced at Fuxi indifferently.
"What do you mean?"
Fuxi glared at Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian, but he was helpless. As a clone, Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian didn't care about Fuxi at all.
"Can't understand? That's an exaggeration! " Nuwa's true body glanced at Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian faintly, then turned to Fuxi and explained, "This Chaos World is just a tool to absorb energy. There are thousands of similar worlds outside, and these worlds provide them with an endless supply of energy. However, they themselves aren't monolithic. Perhaps they've split into two factions, or even three factions, or even more factions. These factions have destroyed many worlds in their confrontation, and in the end, only one is left.
In the Chaos World, the Elemental Spirit Civilization is one of the factions, and you, Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian, "Nuwa's true body pointed at Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian and said," joined the faction that's constantly destroying itself, becoming a puppet that they push to the forefront. "
Fuxi stared at Nuwa's true body, speechless. How did this wisp of true body's soul know so much?
Silence, Narrow, and Ruins were even more shocked.
The entire Chaos World was just a tool to absorb energy.
There were many similar worlds, but the Path of the End had never succeeded, and those worlds were all destroyed by the Wu Kong Clan.
Every word was like a clap of thunder exploding in their ears …
Luo Zheng's gaze towards Mother Nuwa's true body was filled with admiration as well.
When Luo Zheng returned from the Immortal Scroll and passed through the Ultimate Cycle world, Nuwa's true body, which was attached to Luo Zheng's body, interpreted some special information. Later, she also understood some of it through the executor, but the executor didn't explain everything.
All the fog was cleared away.
Luo Zheng and Yuanshi Tianzun didn't know if the Chaos World was the last remaining world …
However, as soon as Tongtian Sect Leader spoke, Nuwa's true body came to this conclusion from his information, and it was completely logical. Both Luo Zheng and Yuanshi Tianzun admired her intelligence very much.
Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian didn't expect Nuwa's true body to know so much. His originally excited face became gloomy again, but he still sneered and said, "So what? That senior brother of mine persevered for so long, but he didn't even find the truth.
You still dare to talk about the Dao of the End? That's just a pipe dream! "
In the face of Sect Leader Tongtian's sarcasm, Goddess Nvywa just smiled. The executor had given Luo Zheng hope, which meant that there was still a chance for the Tao of the End. But of course, she would not tell Sect Leader Tongtian.
"Whether or not it's just a pipe dream, Sect Leader, please wait and see. I only know that Sect Leader is in a bad situation right now!"
Luo Zheng's body leaned forward slightly. After taking a step forward, he disappeared mysteriously.
After entering a thin line, he extended toward Sect Leader Tongtian at an extremely fast speed.
As Luo Zheng made his move, Donghuang, Fuxi, Nuwa, and the three Primal Chaos Ancient Gods made their moves as well!
These cultivators activated their own powers at the same time. Even the huge cloud of chaos at the side surged as if it wanted to avoid this battle.

Chapter 3515
Tongtian raised the Qingping Sword high in the air. Then, a white beam of light hit him.
Although the Chaos wasn't pure black, it was still dim and lightless.
The white beam of light appeared abruptly and was naturally very eye-catching. Under the pure white light, it seemed to be able to purify everything.
The moment this pure light appeared, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"Brahma's Infinite Light?"
After Feng Ge became a Pure Witch, he mastered the Infinite Light, and then he himself became a Pure Witch. Luo Zheng was very familiar with the Infinite Light of Brahma and recognized it at a glance.
Tongtian could control the Infinite Light of Brahma at will. Did this mean that he was also a Pure Witch?
But even so, the Infinite Light of Brahma only had the ability to injure the creatures of the dark realm. It had no effect on the creatures of the light realm outside the dark realm.
The creatures of the chaos should not be afraid of the Infinite Light of Brahma. Could it be that the Infinite Light of Brahma had something to do with the "foundation" he mentioned?
Even though Luo Zheng had become a Pure Witch, he had not figured out the true origin of the dark and light realms. In particular, the "Bug Master" of the 15th Heaven had told Luo Zheng that the ancestors of the Bug Master race had escaped into the dark sky, and the dark sky was impossible.
In the 15th Heaven.
After Luo Zheng climbed the Yu Sheng-tian, he basically understood that the dark realm was controlled by the Elemental Spirit civilization. Then, was the light realm actually controlled by the Wu Kong race?
"I don't care what kind of power you have, I'll crush you to pieces!"
Fuxi took the lead and waved his palm from a considerable distance.
The Eight Trigrams were not imprinted on Tongtian's body, but on the surface of the Infinite Light of Brahma. Then, Fuxi waved his hands like a windmill.
"Boom boom boom boom boom …"
In an instant, Fuxi had blasted out countless palm prints. These palm prints and the Eight Trigrams exploded with terrifying power, but the light beam formed by the Infinite Light of Brahma did not move at all. It blocked all of Fuxi's attacks …
"This …"
Seeing this scene, Fuxi looked somewhat desperate.
He boasted that he was the existence with the strongest attack in the chaos. Just now, he had squeezed himself to the limit, but he could not even break through this seemingly weak light beam.
This meant that the gap between him and the Prime of Tongtian was infinitely huge.
"Why don't you do it?" Fuxi muttered to himself in disappointment. Of course, he was talking to the Fuxi True Body that was hiding in his body.
Just now, Fuxi had requested the Fuxi true body to release his mortal body, and the Fuxi true body did so according to their agreement. After all, the Fuxi true body was just a Qi soul, it couldn't really take over Fuxi's mortal body.
However, Fuxi's strength was far weaker than his main body's, and Fuxi understood that this kind of battle was more suitable for his main body.
Fuxi's true body regained control of this body, but at the same time, he said, "That's the purest light in the Light Domain. It's a technique that only the purest ones can use. This light shouldn't be this strong …"
While Fuxi's true body was observing, Ruin took the lead and charged forward.
They were both enemies. Ji and Chang also hated the Grandmaster of Heaven, but after Ruin's betrayal, he wanted to kill the Grandmaster of Heaven from the bottom of his heart.
"Ka ka ka ka …"
On Ruin's back, a circular bone plate with sawteeth grew out. As the bone plate spun, slender bones extended from the bone plate.
These slender bones rapidly extended like Ruin's wings, but they didn't extend backward like wings. Instead, they extended in front of Ruin, instantly forming a huge circular space that trapped the Grandmaster of Heaven.
In it.
"I have many types of cages, and the Lawless Cage is just one of them. This Rotten Bone Cage is my greatest masterpiece!"
Ruin saw that the Grandmaster of Heaven wasn't moving, and was instantly overjoyed.
This Rotten Bone Cage was a true place of slaughter. Ruin had a strange temperament, but among the six Primal Chaos Ancient Gods, he had the deepest understanding of his Power of Truth!
After the Rotten Bone Cage trapped the Grandmaster of Heaven, a transparent membrane rapidly grew from the two sides of the bones, turning the entire cage into an oval sphere.
Then, yellow mist floated within the Rotten Bone Cage. This corrosive gas could corrode all tangible matter, and so far, no tangible matter could resist its corrosion …
The moment the yellow mist and white light intertwined, it was like pouring boiling water into a pot of oil.
"Sizzle …"
Under the intense reaction, the yellow mist crazily tumbled within the Rotten Bone Cage.
However, the pillar of light only trembled slightly. Not only did the pillar of light not collapse, it even neutralized the yellow mist, forming a layer of harmless black powder that was scattered at the bottom of the Rotten Bone Cage.
"It has no effect …" Ruin's eyes widened.
In his opinion, the Rotten Bone Cage couldn't kill the Grandmaster of Heaven, but it could at least injure him.
This seemingly ordinary pillar of light was indestructible to such an extent?
"I'll do it!"
Narrow flew to the same height as the Grandmaster of Heaven. He reached out his hand, and a pure silver javelin appeared in his hand.
"Holy Annihilation Ten Tooth Spear!"
This spear was Narrow's divine ability, and it was also the sharpest material he had ever created.
The moment Narrow threw the Holy Annihilation Ten Tooth Spear, the silver spear itself turned into ten identical individuals, turning into streaks of silver light that poured towards the pillar of light.
"Da da da da da …"
With a shattering sound, the Holy Annihilation Stone Tooth Spear shattered.
The shattering of the spear was not out of Narrow's expectations. In order to pursue extreme penetrating power, the Holy Annihilation Stone Tooth Spear's body was not particularly sturdy. Instead, it was very fragile.
However, the spear shattered the pillar of light and still did not penetrate it. This made Narrow somewhat unacceptable. His strongest divine ability was like a joke in front of the Grandmaster of Heaven. As a proud Primal Chaos Ancient God, it was very difficult for him to accept this.
The Grandmaster of Heaven in the pillar of light was still holding the Qingping Sword. The Qingping Sword greedily absorbed the white light. The pure white light formed flowing spots on the surface of the sword, and endless power gathered in it.
"How can you penetrate the power of the foundation?" the Grandmaster of Heaven said proudly.
Just as he finished speaking, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly appeared beside the pillar of light. At the same time, he stared at the pillar of light at a close distance and said, "This pillar of light seems to be Brahma's Boundless Heavenly Light? I'm also a Pure Witch, but as far as I know, Brahma's Boundless Heavenly Light can only target the creatures of the dark realm.
？”
"What you know is just superficial." The Grandmaster of Heaven snorted coldly. Obviously, he did not take Luo Zheng, a "Pure Witch", seriously.
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng did not care and continued to ask, "Then you mentioned that the power of the foundation is also based on Brahma's Boundless Heavenly Light?"
"Yes … So what?" The Grandmaster of Heaven realized that Luo Zheng was trying to trick him and glared at Luo Zheng fiercely.
However, Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "If you don't want to say it, then forget it. This pillar of light is indeed powerful, but can it stop me?"
As he spoke, he stretched out his hand and pushed the surface of the pillar of light …
The Grandmaster of Heaven was extremely confident in the power of the "foundation," but when he saw Luo Zheng's palm push over, his heart inexplicably throbbed.
This kid was too strange. He was somewhat unsure in his heart.
Just as the Grandmaster of Heaven had this thought, when Luo Zheng's palm touched the pillar of light, the bloodline in his body began to fluctuate wildly.

Chapter 3516
In theory, the four quadrants of the Origin Divine Blood covered all abilities.
From the Xuanliang World to the Secondary World, nothing could escape from these four quadrants.
The complete Origin Divine Blood should be able to perfectly restrain any energy. Although Luo Zheng couldn't completely control the Origin Divine Blood, he firmly believed in this point.
After all, from the Eternal Divine Court, the four Origin Bloodlines below it, and the passage of the Immortal Painting to the Chaotic World, almost every place was perfect proof.
However, facing the Infinite Brahma Light, the Origin Divine Blood failed for the first time.
Under the violent fluctuations of the bloodline, Luo Zheng couldn't find an effective restrain. Then, he felt the bloodline in his body set off a storm, and his internal organs violently shook under this storm.
Then, Luo Zheng's arm changed again!
The two ape arms that were originally covered with white hair began to shrink and shrink. The white hair quickly fell off, and the bones began to soften. The entire arm turned into pure muscle, and the surface sank into many round holes, which expanded and turned into suction cups!
"Are these octopus tentacles?"
Luo Zheng was shocked to see the changes in his arm.
Although these changes didn't bring any pain and were generally beneficial, Luo Zheng still felt that it was too horrifying.
"Patter, patter …"
This octopus arm was completely out of Luo Zheng's control. It drooped directly on the surface of the light pillar and began to wriggle.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was helpless, Tongtian finally breathed a sigh of relief. There was even some complacency on his face.
The process of Luo Zheng breaking the "Fishing Drum" made the Sect Leader of Tongtian fall into deep thought. However, with the Sect Leader of Tongtian's knowledge, he soon came to the conclusion that Luo Zheng should have obtained the ability to restrain space by chance.
Therefore, Void's triangular world and his Fishing Drum world were both broken instantly.
Just now, he saw with his own eyes that Luo Zheng directly broke Void's illegal cage. This guy's bloodline could restrain different kinds of energy?
Now, it seemed that Luo Zheng couldn't restrain the Infinite Brahma Light …
How could the power of the foundation be broken by an Immortal Realm expert?
The Tongtian Sect Leader was at ease as he continued to absorb the boundless heavenly light. As long as he completed the Brahma Light Body, he would be able to wipe out all of these guys. He also wanted to study this Luo Zheng to see what secrets were hidden in his body!
Just as Sect Leader Tongtian was feeling a little complacent, Luo Zheng transformed into a tentacle and began to crazily suck along the light wall.
"You want to use this method to break the light wall?" A hint of disdain appeared in Tongtian's eyes.
This look of disdain only lasted for less than a breath. On the surface of the pure white light, small black dots gradually appeared. At the same time, the black dots rapidly expanded, and finally formed small holes!
"The tentacles are sucking the light wall!" Tongtian's eyes almost popped out of their sockets.
The protective barrier formed by the Boundless Brahma Heavenly Light looked ordinary, but in fact, this method of directly using energy to form a wall was extremely unique.
There shouldn't be anything in the Chaos World that could destroy the light wall …
Tongtian Sect Leader who firmly believed in this was dumbfounded when he saw the hole in the wall of light. Then a flame of anger rose in his heart. This brat was too terrifying. If he didn't get rid of him, he would be the biggest threat to the Wu Kong Clan!
Originally, Tongtian Sect Leader represented the Wu Kong Clan and regarded the Elemental Spirit Civilization as the biggest threat.
As for the thirty-nine human heroes who were trapped, they could only be considered as "trouble." Moreover, they had been trapped for so many years, so they could be considered as trouble that could be ignored.
Now, in Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian's eyes, Luo Zheng's threat level suddenly rose to the number one!
"It's broken?"
After the tentacle moved, Luo Zheng also saw the hole in the light wall.
With his height of over a million feet, the hole looked very small, but in fact, these holes were tens of thousands of feet wide.
"Since you're in such a hurry to die, I'll send you on your way!"
The furious Tongtian Sect Leader released a turbulent killing intent. The sword in his hand turned pure white, and at the same time, this pure white color spread from the sword to his arm, body, and even his entire body!
The details of Tongtian Sect Leader's body were all covered by the white light. At a glance, only his human form and sword could be distinguished.
"Whoosh!"
His sword chopped down at Luo Zheng's head. The extremely solid light wall did not stop Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian at all. The pure white sword roared and roared, as if it was going to swallow Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng was naturally not stupid. Seeing the sword chopping down, of course, he chose to retreat.
However, that tentacle was controlled by the Origin Divine Blood and was not synchronized with Luo Zheng's movements. The tentacle was still greedily lying on the light wall and sucking …
Luo Zheng's body suddenly retreated, and he actually pulled out his arm hundreds of thousands of feet long, which happened to be chopped by the white light sword!
"Puchi!"
The tentacle broke.
Sticky Origin Divine Blood sputtered out of the wound.
However, this Origin Divine Blood had its own thoughts. A part of it flowed along the severed arm into Luo Zheng's body, and another part directly drilled into the severed arm. Then, the severed tentacle actually wriggled like a fat worm along the light wall.
It crawled to the other side.
In a rage, Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian did not care about this. When Luo Zheng retreated, he followed closely behind.
"Where do you think you're going!"
Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian slashed down with his second sword.
However, just as he slashed out with his sword, Narrow's figure suddenly appeared at the side. He stretched out his hand and pointed at Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian's sword. Fine spiderwebs rapidly appeared on the sword.
These spiderwebs were extremely sticky, and there were layers upon layers of them, greatly hindering Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian.
Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian gently flicked his sword in an attempt to break free from the spiderwebs. At the same time, Nuwa's shadow rapidly descended. This Nuwa's shadow directly enveloped Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian and merged with the white Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian!
If it were an ordinary Immortal Realm expert who completely merged with Nuwa's shadow, they would have been corroded by the energy. Nuwa's shadow was much stronger than Nuwa's.
However, Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian, who had transformed into Brahma Light Body, had astonishing defensive strength. Nuwa's shadow could not corrode the white light on the surface of his body at all!
"Bind!"
Nuwa's true body did not intend to kill Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian. Her goal was only to temporarily trap Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian!
"Phaseless Heavenly Snake Shackles!"
At the same time, Ruin activated his bloodline power to conjure the shackles. Four shadows appeared on Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian's hands and feet. They were four coiled snake-shaped shackles.
At the same time, Fuxi appeared in front of Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian. This time, Fuxi struck out with his palm at an extremely close distance.
It looked like an ordinary palm strike, but in fact, the moment it struck Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian's chest, it vibrated more than ten thousand times.
"Body Break!"
This palm strike was not meant to kill Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian. Instead, it was meant to weaken Tongtian Sect Leader Tongtian's Brahma Light Body defense as much as possible!
Regardless of whether it succeeded or not, Fuxi's palm strike drifted away. Next, Solitary appeared. He waved his tail and stabbed at the location of Fuxi's palm strike.

Chapter 3517
The colorful tail needle nailed itself onto the surface of Tongtian's body, piercing halfway through his Brahma Light Body.
Based on the length of the needle, the tail needle was about 20,000 feet deep.
This length was enough to break through the Brahma Light Body!
"Success?"
"Tongtian shouldn't be able to resist the poison!"
"Kill him!"
Everyone was filled with anticipation.
In theory, the poison wasn't a type of poison, but a type of energy that caused matter to collapse. No one had a good way to resist it.
Just as everyone thought they had succeeded, Ji's expression changed slightly. "There's no …"
"No body, right?" Tongtian sneered.
Ji's needle had indeed pierced into Brahma Light's body, but Brahma Light's body was empty.
"So what if there's no body?" Ji said in a low voice.
The Analytical Poison could disintegrate everything, including energy and souls. Ji was very confident.
A black blob appeared where the tail needle had pierced. It was like a drop of ink on a piece of white paper. It started to spread, but after spreading to a certain extent, it stopped.
The poison that had always worked was ineffective in front of the Brahma Infinite Heavenly Light!
"Childish …"
Tongtian sneered.
At the same time, the sword that was covered in pure light slashed down.
A white sword arc bloomed in the void. The speed of the sword arc breaking through the void was unbelievably fast.
Ji's tail was the most agile, and his reaction was the fastest. Even so, he didn't have time to retract it from Tongtian's body.
"Pu!"
With a burst of green blood, Ji's scorpion tail was broken.
Tongtian Sect Leader raised his sword and slashed at Ji again. The sharp white light seemed to be able to illuminate the entire chaos.
Fortunately, Ji's reaction wasn't slow. When he saw his tail being cut off, he used teleportation to escape, dodging Tongtian's second slash!
"Hmph!"
Tongtian, who had activated the Brahma Light Body, didn't have any worries facing these powerful existences.
He took a light step and floated forward.
Space seemed to freeze in front of him. He dragged a white afterimage and instantly appeared in front of Fuxi's main body.
"Die."
The white arc of light fell towards Fuxi's main body.
"So fast …"
When Fuxi's true body saw the Prime of Tongtian charging towards him, he couldn't dodge in time.
Tongtian's speed had reached an extreme level. Compared to his speed, the others seemed to be moving in slow motion.
Seeing that he couldn't avoid the sword, Fuxi forcefully flipped his body.
"Puff, puff!"
Both of Fuxi's legs were severed from the base.
The Grandmaster of Tongtian's expression did not change. He swung his sword again and was about to kill Fuxi.
"One billion tons of Heavy Water!"
"Shang" came up from the side and clapped his hands. A drop of water suddenly appeared.
The droplet of water instantly enlarged and enveloped Tongtian.
"Condense!"
Although the water looked clear and transparent, it was actually very dense. After Tongtian was sealed in it, his movements were greatly hindered. That was why Fuxi had the chance to escape from Tongtian's sword.
Not far away, "Ji" quickly approached Fuxi. He extended a pincer and patted Fuxi's wound lightly. Two balls of dark green Truth Power entered the wound, and Fuxi's severed legs rapidly recovered.
"Shang's" One billion tons of Heavy Water only sealed Tongtian for two breaths of time. After pausing in the water droplet for a short while, Tongtian's body suddenly trembled. The One billion tons of Heavy Water instantly broke apart and splashed in all directions!
Just as the Prime of Tongtian was about to continue his pursuit of Fuxi, fist-sized spores suddenly appeared on the surface of his body. These spores quickly took root on the surface of the Brahma Light Body, sprouting into vines that wrapped around the Prime of Tongtian's body.
Before "Shang" attacked, "Ji" had secretly stuffed the spores into the One billion tons of Heavy Water. As the One billion tons of Heavy Water enveloped Tongtian, the spores naturally took root on Tongtian's body.
The dense golden vines were extremely tough. Tongtian struggled violently and tore apart a portion of the golden vines, but more golden vines wrapped around him.
These Primal Chaos Ancient Gods and Immortal experts were no pushovers. Even though Tongtian had heaven-defying strength, he was still stumbled by their various methods.
"Slaughter Prison!"
"Ruin" stood firmly on Li Shan's side and used his other great divine ability.
Six lightning-like pillars surrounded Tongtian and began to form. Just as "Slaughter Prison" was about to be completed, a pure white hand of light extended out from the layers of golden vines.
This hand of light pointed at "Ruin" lightly, and a pure white light enveloped Ruin's body.
"Ruin" was still focused on activating his bloodline power to set up "Slaughter Prison" when he suddenly felt white in front of him and was stunned.
"Weng!"
The white pillar of light formed a space and trapped him inside.
"Ruin" realized that something was wrong and wanted to rush out of the pillar of light. He violently slammed into the pillar of light.
However, the pillar of light was unimaginably tough. Even the Origin God Blood could not restrain it and could only transform into tentacles to absorb it bit by bit. Now, "Ruin" could only use brute force to slam into it, but he could not break it open.
"Beep —"
After "Ruin" slammed into it several times, a strange sound came from the pillar of light. "Ruin" stopped, as if an extremely powerful force was pressing down on him, making him unable to move.
As the pillar of light's force grew stronger, "Ruin's" body also sank lower and lower.
Soon, "Ruin" was completely stuck to the bottom of the pillar of light.
"Ka …"
"Pa!"
"… …"
"Ruin's" bones began to crack and his body began to collapse.
As the force continued to increase, "Ruin" could not even struggle or make a sound. After a strong pleading and sorrowful look appeared in his eyes, he exploded with a pop and mixed with the other parts of his body.
After a colossal being hundreds of thousands of feet tall was crushed into a pile of flesh and blood, there was no sound. A mighty Primal Chaos Ancient God died just like that.
"Ji", "Narrow", "Fuxi", "Nuwa", and "Fuxi" saw this and their expressions became extremely ugly.
As for Tongtian, after constantly cleaning up, he finally removed the golden vines from his body. His eyes were overflowing with killing intent.
The true enemy was not here. He originally did not plan on using too much of his foundation's strength, but these fellows were too troublesome, so he had no choice but to use more powerful methods!
"You asked for it!"
Tongtian pointed at "Ji" again. "Ji" knew that the situation was bad and wanted to teleport away, but the pillar of light arrived in an instant, descending before "Ji" could teleport away.
"The second one, die," Tongtian said coldly.

Chapter 3518
Ruin's tragic death was still reverberating in everyone's minds. Ji, who was trapped, was clearly going to suffer the same fate.
Fuxi's true body, Nuwa's true body, and Narrow suddenly became anxious.
"Destroy this pillar of light!"
"It's easier said than done …"
"It probably won't last more than ten breaths …"
Knowing that this pillar of light was almost indestructible, the three of them attacked in unison, trying to destroy the pillar of light that trapped Ji.
As the pressure in the light pillar increased, the hard shell on Ji's body cracked. Countless cracks crawled all over his body like tiny worms.
Ji also knew how powerful this pillar of light was. Being trapped inside, he could only choose to save himself.
Weng!
Green light spread out from the cracks in the shell.
Tongtian felt the dense life energy in the pillar of light and had a look of disdain.
Ji was an ancient god that controlled the truth of life, but it was too naive to think that he could use the power of truth to repair his body.
"A futile struggle …"
After the Prime of Tongtian finished speaking, the squeezing force in the light pillar suddenly doubled.
Ka ka ka …
Ji's outer shell cracked. The tissues inside flowed with green blood under the pressure. That pair of huge but fragile compound eyes also exploded from the pressure.
The power of truth around Ji did not try to repair Ji's body. Instead, it was modifying Ji's body.
The defensive shell was not worth repairing after it exploded. This kind of shell was not suitable for this kind of high pressure environment.
The power of truth grew a layer of fine tissue on the tissues inside the shell. This tissue was flat like it was made of countless pieces of paper.
This was only on the surface. More changes came from inside Ji's body.
The compressed tissues were quickly "refurbished" by the power of truth. Ji's height kept dropping. It looked like it was being compressed flat, but in reality, it was Ji doing it on his own initiative!
In just a short while, Ji who was originally in the shape of a scorpion turned into a round pancake!
For example, some fish in the deep sea had to endure extremely high seawater pressure all year round, their entire bodies evolving into a flat shape. These fish needed millions or even tens of millions of years of evolution to achieve this, but to Ji, it was just an instant.
Something happened.
When it became flat, the side of the "pancake" flashed with green light. A pair of thin eyes grew out to observe the situation outside.
"Hmm?"
The Prime of Tongtian looked a little confused.
Just now, Ruin was also crushed into a meat patty, so when Ji's body changed, Grandmaster Tongtian didn't care. However, the rich life force that leaked out couldn't repair Ji's body, which surprised Grandmaster Tongtian.
It was just an anomaly.
Perhaps it was because the recovery ability could not catch up to the ability of being crushed and destroyed. Tongtian did not think too deeply into it. However, after ten breaths, Ji still maintained an abundant life force and did not suffer much damage.
After Tongtian understood Ji's situation, he sneered, "Your desire to survive is quite strong. In this form, your ability to withstand pressure has increased by at least six times, but it's still futile!"
After he finished speaking, an intense white light blossomed from his pure white palm.
The power of the foundation seemed to be inexhaustible and inexhaustible. It was at his disposal, and the pressure of the light pillar continued to increase!
"Gu gu …"
After Ji was squeezed, his body became even flatter. His narrow eyes showed sadness. With the sudden increase in pressure, he could not hold on for too long in this form …
"Boom boom boom …"
Outside the light pillar, Kuang, Fuxi's true body, and Nuwa's true body were still using all kinds of methods to desperately attack, but there were still no cracks on the outer wall of the light pillar.
"Where is Luo Zheng …"
At this time, Kuang placed his hope on Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng dodged Tongtian's sword, he seemed to have disappeared …
Luo Zheng's teleportation method that came and went without a trace was something that even Kuang could not see through.
Just as Kuang was asking, a thin thread floated in the void, and Luo Zheng's body suddenly appeared!
When Luo Zheng, who had temporarily disappeared, appeared again, his entire body had changed greatly.
Except for the original terrifying and strange head, his limbs had turned into tentacles, and the hundreds of tentacles were covered with tens of thousands of circular suction cups!
The current Luo Zheng did not look like a human at all, but more like an octopus.
The moment he appeared, Luo Zheng's hands and feet were hanging on the light pillar, and the tens of thousands of suction cups were crazily absorbing the Brahma Infinite Heavenly Light at the same time!
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Black areas quickly appeared on the originally indestructible surface of the light pillar. As the light pillar became weak, Luo Zheng pulled fiercely.
"Hua!"
The entire light pillar suddenly collapsed, and the internal pressure was released crazily before it collapsed. Ji's body fell rapidly as if it was hit by a heavy hammer.
After escaping the death cage, Ji's vitality was crazily recovering. The body tissues, shell, and tail that had disappeared were also recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye …
Tongtian looked at the octopus-like Luo Zheng, and his eyes became gloomy and cold again.
Previously, Luo Zheng still needed a long time to break the light pillar with his tentacles, but this guy disappeared for half an incense's time. Now, he could easily break the light pillar.
This kind of growth speed could no longer be described as inconceivable. He was simply omnipotent!
How could such an opponent appear …
"Huff!"
Luo Zheng dragged the hundreds of tentacles and suddenly disappeared, turning into a thin thread and rushing over.
Tongtian also knew that the situation was not good. If he was entangled by these tentacles, his Brahma Light Body would be completely sucked away.
As he retreated, a blue light flashed in his eyes. When he saw through Luo Zheng's position, he stretched out his hand and grabbed in the air. With a buzzing sound, a light pillar covered Luo Zheng's head and trapped him.
However, Luo Zheng's tentacles just stuck to the wall and sucked, and the light pillar wall shattered again. This light pillar could only delay Luo Zheng for half a breath's time.
However, Tongtian didn't have a good way to deal with Luo Zheng now. When the light pillar shattered, he braced himself and sent down another light pillar. The light pillars that came down one after another also bought him some time.
"Hua, hua, hua …"
The light pillars were shattered by Luo Zheng one after another.
If one observed carefully, the suction cups on his tentacles were also undergoing subtle changes.
At first, the suction cups were round, but they slowly turned into diamond shapes. This way, the efficiency of absorbing the Brahma Infinite Heavenly Light was higher, and the speed of shattering the light pillars became faster and faster. It was so fast that Tongtian was dumbfounded.
As for Ji and Narrow, who were rapidly recovering their bodies, Fuxi's original body and Nuwa's original body followed behind and watched this scene quietly. They didn't have the slightest intention of interfering.
What made Tongtian feel even more strange was that Luo Zheng could completely teleport to attack him after shattering the light pillars. Tongtian's original body was also prepared to escape. If he was entangled by this guy's tentacles, it was not difficult to predict his fate.
However, although Luo Zheng was closing in on him step by step, he looked neither too fast nor too slow. What was he up to?
While Tongtian's head was full of confusion, there was also a thin thread floating in the void behind him.

Chapter 3519
This tentacle was the one Luo Zheng had cut off by the Sect Leader.
The Origin Divine Blood was not willing to be separated, and the separated individual was eager to return.
But this time, the Origin Divine Blood allowed this individual to be left outside. After hiding in space, it began to proliferate.
When Luo Zheng broke the light beam again and again to adapt to the Infinite Brahma Light, the hidden tentacle could also receive Luo Zheng's "experience" at the same time, and the suction cups on its surface were also adjusting at the same time.
When the Sect Leader, who had transformed into the Brahma Light Body, reached the tentacle, like a lion grinding its teeth, swallowed the Sect Leader in one bite.
The suction cups on the tentacle sucked crazily, and the Sect Leader struggled desperately!
"Puff!"
The white longsword in the Sect Leader's hand suddenly pierced through many tentacles, and half of the longsword was exposed.
However, the lower half of the longsword quickly turned black, and a hole was devoured. Finally, the longsword broke, and the exposed half of the longsword was sucked into the tentacle …
As for the Sect Leader's body, hundreds of black spots appeared on the surface of his body.
The power of his foundation was being sucked away bit by bit, and the Sect Leader's power was getting weaker and weaker.
In the beginning, he could still tear apart the tentacles at will, but gradually, he was unable to tear them apart. His entire body, from his neck to his arms and legs, was forcibly entangled by the tentacles. The Boundless Heavenly Light of Brahma within his body was dimming at a speed visible to the naked eye.
Perhaps he was extremely unwilling, at the last moment, the Sect Leader suddenly rushed forward, and at the same time, desperately stretched out a hand toward the tentacle, and a section of his finger was exposed.
"Buzz …"
After the fingertip shot a ray of light into the distance, the Sect Leader's body was completely devoured, and the section of his finger was also sucked into the tentacle.
The ray of light from the Sect Leader's fingertip condensed in another place, and it still turned into the Sect Leader's appearance.
However, this Sect Leader was extremely dim, and his body was almost transparent. The energy in his body was so weak that it was negligible. This was not just a clone, but a flickering candle.
Luo Zheng was not in a hurry to kill the Sect Leader. Instead, he said with interest, "This is the power of the foundation?"
"This is." The Sect Leader stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated look in his eyes.
He had never thought that he would be defeated even after using the power of his foundation. In his opinion, this was something incomprehensible.
"Very weak." Luo Zheng shrugged.
When the Prime of Tongtian heard this, he felt like vomiting blood.
The Fuxi true body and the 'Fuxi' hidden in his body were speechless as this brat was even crazier than the two Fuxi.
"You think that's all there is to my strength? Do you think that's the extent of the foundation's power? " The Prime of Tongtian, who was a little lifeless, suddenly became excited. His body, which was already very dim, started to dissipate faster.
"Perhaps, but you've fallen in the end." Luo Zheng shook his head.
"Fallen? Heh heh heh heh … "Tongtian suddenly pointed at Luo Zheng and burst into laughter, as if he had heard the funniest joke in the world." You will definitely enter the Three Pure Heavens, right? We will definitely meet again. I will be waiting for you there, waiting for you to appear … "
The Prime of Tongtian's voice became softer and softer until it was inaudible. At the same time, the white light on his body completely disappeared.
Luo Zheng stared at the void for a while. Suddenly, he thought of something. He turned his head abruptly and noticed several intermittent spatial fluctuations in the distance.
"They're running pretty fast …" Luo Zheng said in a serious voice.
After the Prime of Tongtian used the Brahma Light Body, the black ship and the boatman did not participate in the battle.
Perhaps they had secretly communicated with the Prime of Tongtian. Seeing that the Prime of Tongtian was at a disadvantage, they fled in advance.
The Fuxi true body, the Nuwa true body, Suo, Ji, and the Eastern Emperor all focused their attention on the Prime of Tongtian and ignored the black ship. Now it would not be easy to catch up.
They had no intention of chasing and killing, but the black ship and the others were anxious.
The boatman stood motionless. Although his expression could not be seen, the aura he released was gloomy and terrifying.
"Even the Prime's Brahma Light Body could be broken. That brat, that brat …"
After a long while, the boatman murmured.
Not long ago, the boatman still regarded Luo Zheng as a junior.
In such a short time, Luo Zheng had killed the person that the boatman looked up to!
That was the leader of the Wu Kong Clan!
He was a giant in the Nirvana Realm …
"That's not his power," Shen Tu shook his head as if he was unwilling to believe this fact.
"Even if it's not his power, it's a power used by him," the boatman corrected.
"That's because the Prime of Tongtian was careless," another member of the black ship said.
Luo Zheng's strange body and means of constantly adapting and evolving were indeed beyond the imagination of ordinary bloodlines. It was not a strength that the Immortal Realm could display.
"Hahaha …"
While the black ship was immersed in gloominess, a sneer came from not far away. It was Evil Deities who laughed.
Shen Tu looked back at Evil Deities and asked, "What are you laughing at?"
Evil Deities grinned, "The Prime of Tongtian's skill is inferior. A loss is a loss. It's ridiculous to try to excuse him …"
"Boom!"
Just as Evil God's voice fell, an invisible fist smashed into his body.
A big hole appeared on the deck of the black ship, and Evil Deities was directly smashed into the ship's hull.
It was the Bronze Man who attacked. He clenched his fist, and his face was covered with a thick layer of frost.
In fact, even if the Bronze Man did not attack, the other members of the black ship would have. "No one can belittle the Prime of Tongtian's reputation!"
Evil Deities slowly climbed out of the hole with a smile on his face. He did not have the slightest intention of reflecting, "It's about time. You still need to rely on strength to protect your laughable reputation, hahaha …"
Hearing Evil Deities' laughter, the Bronze Man's heart was filled with an unknown evil fire.
"Dong dong dong …"
His heavy body ran wildly on the deck, and he rushed toward Evil Deities again. Holes appeared on the deck from his steps.
Just as the Bronze Man approached Evil Deities, Evil Deities' "hahahaha" suddenly increased in volume!
The boatman, Shen Tu, and the other members of the black ship heard this loud laughter and raised their eyebrows. Their hearts throbbed. Then, they heard Evil Deities order, "Kneel!"
"Hua!"
A powerful willpower descended from the top to the bottom.
This willpower contained boundless vastness and boundless ancientness …
"Kuang, kuang!"
Under the pressure of this willpower, the aggressive Bronze Man actually knelt in front of Evil Deities!
"Evil Deities, do you want to die?"
"If you attack, you won't live today …"
"…"
Seeing the Bronze Man being humiliated, the members of the black ship were furious. They were waiting for the boatman's order to swarm up and take down Evil Deities.
But the boatman looked up without saying a word.
From this angle, he could see the vast outer wall of the Mother World above. The powerful willpower that had just descended came from there.
"Is that the will of the Mother World?" The boatman asked.

Chapter 3520
When he was in the mother world, Evil Deities had been trying to communicate with the mother world.
He could vaguely perceive the will of the mother world, but he couldn't grasp it.
In the battle with Li Shan, the Kurofune didn't participate, and Evil Deities had been concentrating on his ability …
After leaving the mother world, the will of the mother world, which was intentionally or unintentionally avoiding Evil Deities, seemed to want to keep him in the mother world.
If the mother world was a creature or a person, "it" certainly didn't want the evil will that originally belonged to it to leave, because Gui Qing, who Evil Deities swallowed, was originally a part of the mother world.
Evil Deities was originally a part of Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng also let Evil Deities leave after many considerations.
So when Tongtian Sect Leader and the people of Li Shan fought to get out of the mother world, it was an opportunity for Evil Deities. He seized this opportunity and quickly connected with the mother world.
Evil Deities felt that the mother world was a vast and powerful will, and regarded it as a life form, which was also born with the birth of chaos.
When Evil Deities' consciousness merged with this vast will, it was like a tiger that broke into a flock of sheep.
Although the number of sheep was in the millions, or even tens of millions, they were still no match for the tiger.
It was easy for him to contaminate the will of the mother world and become the ruler of the will.
"How did you do it?" asked the boatman.
In the past, Gui Qing lived longer than Evil Deities, and was stronger than Evil Deities, but he still couldn't merge with the will of the mother world.
Now that the Kurofune brought out Evil Deities to merge with Gui Qing, they did have the idea of letting Evil Deities replace Gui Qing to control the mother world.
But this idea was similar to some kind of unrealistic conjecture, and some key steps were like mysteries that couldn't be solved at all. It needed the Wu Kong Clan to cooperate with the Kurofune to slowly explore …
Everyone knew that it was impossible to do it overnight, but now Evil Deities easily completed it after swallowing Gui Qing for a few days.
"This is not the tone you should use to talk to me," Evil Deities said proudly.
His stature had grown a bit taller, and he was now half a head taller than the Black Ship's captain. This condescending attitude directly angered all the Black Ship's members, including Shen Tu!
"Brat, what tone do you think you should use?" The bronze man trembled and bowed as he desperately tried to stand up. The splint under his feet creaked. It was not easy to resist the pressure from the will of the mother world.
"Hehe …" Evil Deities sneered at the bronze man.
Boom!
The splint under the bronze man's feet shattered, and his entire body was pressed into the cabin …
Seeing Evil Deities bullying people like this, how could the other Kurofune crew tolerate it? Even Shen Tu's eyes flashed murderous intent.
Seeing them taking out their tokens one after another, the captain raised his hand and made a gesture to stop them. Then, he bowed to the Evil Deities.
"Captain!"
"Captain!"
"This brat is an ingrate …"
Seeing their respected captain bow to the Evil Deities, the Kurofune crew's eyes almost spat fire.
The captain said, "The Wu Kong Clan supported us in the hope of having more power in the chaos. At present, it seems that we are not doing well …"
The battle between the Destiny and the Order was a battle between the ancient gods of the chaos. The Kurofune could only let Tongtian step in. The Kurofune crew led by the captain were not even qualified to watch.
"The Kurofune should have been led by someone with strength. From now on, I am no longer the captain. He is." After the captain finished speaking to the crew, he bowed to the Evil Deities. "I will pass this decision to Tongtian. Are you satisfied?"
In a short time, the captain had decided to give up the captain's position. All the Kurofune crew were shocked.
Since the birth of the Kurofune, the captain had never changed.
"Captain, you can't!"
"Captain, how can you give the Kurofune to this person …"
"…"
The Kurofune crew had never trusted Evil Deities. Except for Shen Tu, most of them did not like Evil Deities. They were even more vigilant against Evil Deities because of Gui Qing.
How could the captain convince them to let Evil Deities go?
The captain turned a deaf ear to the complaints of the Kurofune crew. He just stared at Evil Deities.
"Okay." Evil Deities shrugged and turned to go into the cabin. Before entering the cabin, he turned his head and said, "Tongtian has been resurrected. Let him see me as soon as possible."
After Evil Deities went into the cabin, the Kurofune crew exploded.
Especially the bronze man who climbed up from the bottom of the cabin. He asked with red eyes, "Captain, why!"
"Even if we help that guy, he won't be on our side!" Another crew member said.
"It's my fault for letting him join the Kurofune …" Shen Tu's face was choked with emotions. It seemed that she had harmed the Kurofune.
When the crew members finished venting, the captain said faintly, "Are you done?"
The crew members stared at the captain. There seemed to be nothing to say now except denouncing Evil Deities.
"Whether it's Evil Deities or Gui Qing, as the embodiment of evil will, they are destined to not submit to anyone." The captain stared at the bronze man and said, "I know this, Gui Qing knows it, Evil Deities knows it, and Tongtian knows it even better."
"Then why train him and let him go!" The bronze man was puzzled.
The captain smiled slightly, "Remember the mission of our Kurofune. Our purpose is not to create, nor to live, but to destroy."
The Wu Kong Clan did not care if Evil Deities were loyal or not. As the embodiment of evil will, the moment he was born, he was born to destroy.
Although Evil Deities were destroyed because of "evil", which was different from the Wu Kong Clan's purification of everything, the goal was the same, and that was enough.
The boatman said and returned to his cabin, leaving only the Kurofune members on the deck.
…
A crack hundreds of millions of miles long traversed Dao Chan State. The deadly chaotic energy had turned Dao Chan State into a dead zone.
At the border between the Dao Zen State and Li Mountain, the world barrier was damaged. Chaos Qi slowly drifted out from a crack in the world barrier that was hundreds of feet wide. As for the living beings in a radius of dozens of kilometers on Li Mountain's side, they had long retreated.
This matter was quickly reported to the higher-ups. Before the aura of primal chaos had spread all over the place, a mountain master carried a large mountain over and placed it at the crack in the realm wall.
This was only a temporary measure. In the future, Li Mountain would definitely find a way to repair the boundary wall.
While Li Mountain was dealing with the aftermath, Luo Zheng, Fuxi, Nuwa, Donghuang, and the two Primal Chaos Ancient Gods finally returned safely.
When these behemoths appeared in Li Mountain, the entire Li Mountain was in an uproar.
In the eyes of the Li Mountain clansmen and disciples, Li Mountain had obtained the final victory.

Chapter 3521
The battle of Li Shan shook the Mother World greatly.
In the past, the Nirvana Realm had always influenced the Chaos. For example, the Wu Kong Clan and Genryū liked to support a powerful clan in the Chaos World.
However, this influence was always indirect. The power of the Nirvana Realm could not directly affect the Chaos World.
Therefore, the Chaos World had always been ruled by a few lucky Chaos Ancient Gods and the dominators.
However, the rules had changed this time.
Tongtian of the Wu Kong Clan came personally. Huo of the Yuan Ling Civilization also participated in the battle. They were all existences that could defeat or even kill the Chaos Ancient Gods …
This meant that the uncrossable wall between the Nirvana Realm and the Chaos World was broken!
Some Immortal Realm experts or existences at the level of the Top Ten Ferocious Beasts were once considered as experts who dominated a region in the Chaotic World. However, if the formidable existences in the Nirvana Realm were to be ranked, their strength would probably be incomparable.
It was enough.
The attitude of the Liyuan Clan and other superpowers was still ambiguous. They wanted to see whether the Order and the Path of Destiny had the upper hand before making a choice.
In the battle of Li Shan, the Chaos Ancient Gods Ruin and Leng died in battle. Huo was defeated. The You Xiong Clan, which looked extremely powerful, lost miserably. Not only did Li Shan defeat the two Chaos Ancient Gods, even Tongtian, who was behind the black ship, was killed.
Tongtian killed.
Many dominators reacted quickly while they were shocked …
These Immortal Realm experts were merely opportunists, but Li Shan, as the flag of the Path of the End, had to fight both the Yuan Ling Civilization and the Wu Kong Clan at the same time. He naturally had no reason to refuse these sincere superpowers.
It was not realistic to expect them to help fight against the Wu Kong Clan and the Yuan Ling Civilization. It was enough that these superpowers would not turn against him.
Not long after Luo Zheng and the others returned to Li Shan, Mo also arrived.
Desert was the third Primal Chaos Ancient God to support the Path of the End. He was a creature that looked like a tortoise. He was the slowest of the six Primal Chaos Ancient Gods, so when Desert arrived, the battle had already ended.
Among the six Chaos Ancient Gods, Void controlled space, Solitude controlled life, Ruin controlled imprisonment, Leng controlled temperature, and Cramped controlled creation. The last Mo controlled the truth of protection.
Compared to the previous five Primal Chaos Ancient Gods, 'Desert' did not possess much offensive power. However, it possessed the strongest defense within the Primal Chaos World.
This time, after 'Desert' descended on Mount Li, he directly entered the space inside Mount Li. His entire body fused with Mount Li, creating the strongest defense for Mount Li …
Everyone on Mount Li, from Nuwa to the Mountain Lord, from the clansmen to the disciples, was busy.
No one knew when the next war would break out. Before that, they could only contribute as much as they could to Li Shan.
After Luo Zheng returned to Mount Li, he did not immediately visit Luo Yan and company. Instead, he chose to enter seclusion.
The Origin Divine Blood had transformed his body, almost turning him into a monster that was difficult to face …
Anyone who saw the tentacles and terrifying head would be frightened. He had to change back to his original appearance.
On Deep Mist Peak, besides Luo Zheng himself, there was a young man in plain clothes beside him. This young man was 9527, who had gained his freedom.
With 'Ji's' personality, it was almost impossible for him to allow a sliver of his soul to leave freely.
Like '9527', a sliver of soul that had developed its own will would usually be taken back by 'Ji' himself. However, 'Ji' made an exception this time. Not only did he allow 9527 to leave freely, he even created a human body for 9527.
For 9527, the only thing holding him back in this world was Luo Zheng. Naturally, he chose to follow Luo Zheng.
"This appearance is actually quite impressive," 9527 said with a smile. "In this form, you should be even stronger."
"Although that's true, this is already beyond the scope of a human …" Luo Zheng shook his head.
The tentacles on his body could not only absorb Brahma's Boundless Heavenly Light, but also other types of energy.
If Goddess Nvywa and Luo Zheng were to fight, Luo Zheng would be able to absorb all of Goddess Nvywa's Shadow in less than two rounds.
Just as 9527 said, this form's combat power was indeed very strong …
"It doesn't matter if it's within the scope of a human," 9527 said.
As a sliver of 'Ji', 9527 had an unparalleled understanding of life.
Maintaining the human form was not important to him.
"Then why do you want to change into a human form?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
With this question, 9527 was stunned.
After being with Luo Zheng for a long time, 9527 began to recognize the identity of the 'human' race. Moreover, he wanted to follow Luo Zheng, so he was naturally willing to change into a human form.
Luo Zheng stopped talking and tried to communicate with the Origin Divine Blood again.
It was already certain that the Origin Divine Blood had self-awareness. However, Luo Zheng could not determine to what extent this' awareness' had reached.
Did it rely on instinct to move, or did it have a mind of its own? The difference between the two was huge …
Luo Zheng continued to communicate. Perhaps it was the 'disturbance' from morning till night that worked. The Origin Divine Blood finally let Luo Zheng go.
Two days later, Luo Zheng's body underwent significant changes.
The tentacles on his body quickly transformed, and at the same time, his body and limbs grew out again.
Luo Zheng looked at the fine layer of 'net' attached to his body and could only smile bitterly. This Origin Divine Blood had memories. It was still afraid that he would bleed, so it let him go …
In any case, now that his body was restored, Luo Zheng could finally breathe a sigh of relief.
After passing the news to Goddess Nuwa, Goddess Nuwa immediately summoned Luo Zheng, saying that someone wanted to see him.
When Luo Zheng rushed over, he saw that there were already more than three hundred people in the hall. The old man in the lead was Li Lu, and Lan Qing, Huo Ze and the others were accompanying him.
Lan Qing, Huo Ze and the others had been following Luo Zheng in the Heart Flow Sword Sect. This time, when Taiyi Heavenly Palace moved west, they also entered Li Mountain with the disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
"Third Grandpa!" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
Li Lu's wrinkled face nodded at Luo Zheng with a gratified smile. Next to Li Lu was a skinny middle-aged man. His eyes seemed to be filled with tears as he stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I really didn't expect that our Jiuli would have such a …
Chance to give birth to such a person … "
Hearing this person's tone, Luo Zheng sized him up. This person's aura was extraordinary, and he had the strength of a Saint Soul.
Luo Zheng looked at Li Lu inquiringly. Li Lu hurriedly introduced, "This is your Eighth Grandpa, Li Fu. He is the only remaining expert of our Jiuli …"
Of the nine tribal chiefs, Li Fu was the only Saint Soul expert left.
There were several remnant divisions of Jiuli. Li Fu's division and Li Lu's division did not know each other. Not long ago, Li Fu found Li Lu's division.

Chapter 3522
"Eighth Grandfather." Luo Zheng bowed to Li Fu solemnly.
Li Fu hurried forward and helped Luo Zheng up. "You are now the king of Jiuli. Why do you have to bow to me?"
Luo Zheng's current strength was more than enough to lead the remaining troops of Jiuli. Based on Luo Zheng's birth, his status in Jiuli was very high.
"This bow is to thank Eighth Grandfather for giving me the Hermit Divine Power," Luo Zheng said sincerely.
"The Hermit Divine Power?" Li Fu was surprised.
Li Lu heard him and added, "It's the Hermit Divine Power that we left in the Land of the Gods. The chief wanted to pass it on to the children of Jiuli. Who knew that it would end up with Luo Zheng …"
At that time, Luo Zheng also relied on this Hermit God Art to escape the Phoenix Maiden's pursuit.
"The heavens are destined to bless Jiuli. Everything is preordained by the heavens. If my brothers could live till now, they would be content …" Li Fu's face was full of emotions.
Many Jiuli tribesmen's eyes were brimming with tears. These remaining troops were once the core of Jiuli. Their bloodline purity was relatively high.
Since the fall of Jiuli, they had been moving forward with difficulties. Now, they finally had hope in Luo Zheng. How could they not be happy?
The remaining troops of Jiuli had decided to side with Luo Zheng when they joined Mount Li.
Luo Zheng's appearance and strength were already unexpected. If Luo Zheng could not win, the remaining troops of Jiuli would not have much meaning in the world …
In fact, the remaining troops of Jiuli were not the only ones who understood this. The superpowers who had joined Mount Li had also realized this problem. Only a few people were qualified to enter the Nirvana Realm before the end.
If Mount Li failed, everything would be over.
After settling down the remaining troops of Jiuli, Goddess Nuwo asked about the Jixu Space.
Ever since "Kong" fought with the Prime of Tongtian, the Jixu Space had been sealed. Jiang Ziya had closed the entrance of the Jixu Space. However, it had not recovered yet.
When Nuwa mentioned this, Luo Zheng tried again, but he still couldn't enter Jixue Space. There seemed to be no better way than waiting.
"Although we don't know the next move of the Wu Kong Clan and the Elemental Spirit Civilization, you should take advantage of this stable period to enter the Nirvana Realm," Goddess Nuwa also gave a suggestion.
Luo Zheng hadn't been to the Nirvana Realm since he returned from the immortal scroll. He didn't forget that he still had a mission.
The war in the Chaotic World had temporarily subsided, but the troubles in the Nirvana Realm might be more complicated …
…
Within the thirty-two layers of Peace Heaven, this enormous bronze plain contained the history of many Chaos eras.
Some races had already been wiped out, while others were still active in the Flat Heavens.
Those who were able to gain a foothold in Ping Yi Tian were all once Sovereign level civilizations. These civilizations were also very concerned about the happenings in Chaos, especially the Battle of Li Shan. After all, this was the first time the Wu Kong Race and the Elemental Spirit civilization had directly intervened in a battle.
。
However, they had all sorts of ways to obtain information, but all the information came from the Nirvana Realm in the Mother World to Ping Yi Tian.
At first, Ping Yi Tian thought that the winner of this war would definitely be the Elemental Spirit Civilization. For countless Chaos eras, the Elemental Spirit Civilization rarely lost. It could be said that these Sovereign level civilizations in Ping Yi Tian had all once lived in the shadow of the Elemental Spirit Civilization.
..
However, these Sovereign level civilizations never expected that the Elemental Spirit Civilization would actually lose this time.
You Xiong, Shennong, Min Yue, and other representative forces that the Elemental Spirit Civilization had nurtured suffered a crushing defeat. Behind them, the Chaos Ancient Gods "Leng" and "Xu" had directly fallen. Only "Kong" was left. Even one of the three pillars of the Elemental Spirit Civilization, "Ah Huo", had been defeated.
Defeated.
What shocked the various forces in Ping Yi Tian even more was that even Tongtian Sect Leader had been killed …
Li Shan had fought against the Wu Kong Race and the Elemental Spirit Civilization by himself. In the end, he had achieved a complete victory. When this news spread to Ping Yi Tian, it was like a miracle that shocked all the civilizations there.
Ping Yi Tian originally had a group of civilizations that were willing to help Luo Zheng. After the news of Li Shan's victory spread, even some of the Sovereign level civilizations that had submitted to the Elemental Spirit Civilization wavered.
"Maybe it's different this time?"
"Before Luo Zheng entered the Immortal Picture Scroll, Tongtian Sect Leader and Ah Huo both personally took action. They must be afraid of something!"
"It's said that the Elemental Spirit Civilization wasn't in a hurry to make a move. This time, they made a move against the Great One Heaven Palace to target Luo Zheng …"
Although these Immortal Realm experts had defected to the Elemental Spirit Civilization, deep in their hearts, they didn't necessarily agree with this civilization's actions. The battle of Li Shan and the legend of Luo Zheng had ignited a flame in their hearts.
However, they still had some thoughts and definitely wouldn't reveal it.
The Bronze Plains of Ping Yi Tian was extremely vast. It would take a lot of time to walk from one end to the other. The entrance to the 33 Heavens was at the end of Ping Yi Tian.
"These dots on the ground are snow …" Luo Zheng lowered his head and looked at the Bronze Plains. There were countless dots of snow on it.
The scenes in these pictures were real, but everything in the plains was refreshed every hour. Only the snowflakes could be seen frozen on the ground.
Interestingly, when one stepped on the bronze ground, one could feel the cold air coming from the Bronze Plains.
"At the end of the extreme north is a barren land of snow. Other than those Immortal Realm experts, very few Nirvana Realm beings visit this place," Li Bianxue explained.
Now, only Luo Zheng could enter the 33 Heavens from the Heavenly Palace. Li Bianxue and Gan Gaohan naturally couldn't enter the Saint Soul Realm. They could only escort Luo Zheng to the entrance.
"I can see it," Luo Zheng said as he looked at the ground carved with countless dots in the distance. "The temperature here is lower than the second level of Yu Sheng-tian?"
The space inside the bronze ground was actually frighteningly large. However, Ping Yi Tian had borne so many creatures of the Chaos Era. There were also many types and numbers of species.
Along the way, Luo Zheng saw all kinds of Nirvana Realm creatures and the settlements of Nirvana Realm forces. Among them, there were kingdoms and worlds. It even gave people a feeling of being crowded. However, when he reached this place, the creatures suddenly disappeared.
"Almost." Gan Gaohan nodded. "Although there's no cold prison here, it's still a forbidden land. Even Immortal Realm experts have a hard time surviving here …"
While they were talking, Luo Zheng saw a huge bronze circle appear in front of them. There was a circle of Sanskrit engraved around the bronze circle.
What made Luo Zheng feel even more strange was that these Sanskrit words seemed to be constantly changing.
In the blink of an eye, the Sanskrit words changed from one to another …
"We've finally arrived at the Heavenly Path," Gan Gaohan said as he looked at the circle.
It wasn't the Stargate that led to the 33 Heavens, but this huge circle.
Just as Luo Zheng and the others were rushing to the passage, the bronze ground not far away flashed.

Chapter 3523
These three members of the Meta Spirit Race did not have their own body like 'Ah Huo'. They maintained their original Meta Spirit form.
"Weng …"
The leading member of the Meta Spirit Race was a piece of ice in the shape of a cross. Its surface was suffused with a bluish-white luster. By its side was a circular flame. The remaining member of the Meta Spirit Race was formed from several different elements.
The members of the Meta Spirit Race had many transformations. Other than unique existences like Ah Huo, it was hard to identify them.
But the aura emitted from these three members of the Meta Spirit Race was extremely powerful. They were only slightly weaker than Ah Huo.
Gan Gao Han and the others could easily deduce that they were three of the ten giants that remained in the Flat Yi Sky!
"You are Luo Zheng?" That cross-shaped ice member of the Meta Spirit Race spoke.
"What's the matter?" Luo Zheng glanced at it nonchalantly.
Among the humans, he was the only one with a fleshy body in the Paramita Realm. Luo Zheng had no need to deny his identity.
"Join us for 3,000 slots." The cross-shaped ice member said.
Previously, Ah Huo was willing to give Luo Zheng 300 slots, but Luo Zheng rejected it easily.
After the Battle of Li Mountain, the slots had increased by ten times. This meant that the sincerity of the Meta Spirit Civilization had increased by ten times.
Luo Zheng chuckled, "This isn't about the number of slots. I have already discussed with Ah Huo. Don't talk about 300, 3000, or even 30 billion, I will not agree. This is my standpoint."
Once he chose his target, how could he change his mind?
The cross-shaped ice member in the sphere shook slightly. He continued speaking with a calm tone, "This is your final chance. If you reject it, you will be hunted down by us endlessly in the 33 Heavens."
The Flat Yi Sky had its own laws. That was why it could become a pure land for many civilizations.
The only law in the Three Clear Sky was strength. And the Meta Spirit Civilization was undoubtedly the strongest existence in the Three Clear Sky.
"You guys have already hunted me down many times." Luo Zheng shrugged. He did not care about the threat of these three Spirits of Chaotic Origin. He walked towards that enormous ring with the other Sacred Soul Realm experts from the Heaven Palace.
The three Essence Spirit Race beings stared at Luo Zheng for a while. They seemed to understand that they couldn't persuade Luo Zheng, so they could only choose to retreat. "Ah Huo"'s crushing defeat also caused great waves within the Elemental Spirit Civilization. Regardless of whether it was the Ten Giants of the Blood Red Council or the Three Pillars, they were all clearly divided into two factions. One was to kill Luo Zheng with all their might, while the other was to continue persuading Luo Zheng to join the Elemental Spirit Civilization.
。
In the end, the Blood Red Council made a compromise and tried to persuade Luo Zheng for the last time. However, this persuasion failed, and the Yuan Ling Civilization would place eliminating Luo Zheng as their top priority.
After the three Meta-Spirit Tribe members left, Luo Zheng and the others also began to approach the huge ring, which was the "Heaven's End Path" that Gan Gaohan spoke of.
"Phew …"
The Heaven's End Dao Ring embedded in the Bronze Plains sensed the approach of the Immortal Realm and started to rotate automatically.
"We have to stop," Gan Gaohan said. "This Heaven's End Path can only be entered by Immortal Realm experts. If Holy Soul Realm experts like us get involved, our souls will definitely be destroyed."
Such a tragedy had happened before. Some Holy Soul Realm experts and even those with the Body of Eternity had tried to pass through the Heaven's End Path, but both their bodies and souls were completely destroyed when they got involved …
Therefore, some civilizations and races in Pingyi Heaven even had a special punishment. If their own people committed a capital offense, they would bring them to the Heaven's End Path to be executed. "The Heaven's End Path represents the projection of the Tai Qing Heaven, the outermost part of the Three Pure Heavens. If you rotate at high speed, you may appear anywhere in the outermost part of the Tai Qing Heaven. The outermost part of the Tai Qing Heaven is also very dangerous for Immortal Realm experts. There are three places of death …"
Beshe continued to introduce the items.
"Beixue, this is the third time you've introduced it …" He Chi smiled helplessly.
Li Beixue said calmly, "Although I've never entered the Three Pure Heavens, according to the records, it's most dangerous for Immortal Realm experts to enter the Tai Qing Heaven when they first enter."
The Heaven's End Path would randomly teleport people to any location in the Tai Qing Heaven. This way, they could avoid being hunted down by the forces in Pingyi Heaven. However, it was also extremely difficult to survive in the Tai Qing Heaven alone. Therefore, it was very difficult to take the first step.
"Don't forget, Luo Zheng is not an ordinary Immortal Realm expert." Gan Gaohan was very confident in Luo Zheng's strength.
"I've just entered the Three Pure Heavens and am unfamiliar with everything. It's best to be careful. Senior Martial Sister Li's teachings are correct …"
Luo Zheng cupped his hands at the people from the Heaven Palace and took a step into the Heaven's End Path.
The moment he stepped into the Heaven's End Path, he felt as if he was standing on the ring. His entire body started to rotate at high speed along with the ring.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
In the eyes of Li Beixue, Gan Gaohan, and the others, Luo Zheng's figure also turned into a blurry shadow. As the Heaven's End Path rotated faster and faster, the surrounding Sanskrit characters also changed faster and faster. Soon, with a fierce burst of light, Luo Zheng's figure disappeared from the Heaven's End Path, and the entire Heaven's End Path returned to normal.
Silence.
… …
Being teleported out of the Heaven's End Path was similar to being teleported through the Star Gate, but the speed was much faster. Under the violent vibrations, one's body also suffered an extremely terrifying pressure.
It was said that many experts who had just entered the Immortal Realm would suffer considerable injuries under this pressure when they entered the Three Pure Heavens for the first time.
However, Luo Zheng's body had been transformed by the Origin Divine Blood, so he easily withstood this pressure.
This state lasted for an incense stick's worth of time before the speed finally slowed down. The blurry world around him gradually became clear. Everything in his field of vision became extremely dark, and at the same time, a muddy smell rushed into his nose.
"In the mud?"
Luo Zheng reacted immediately and shut his mouth. Li Bianxue also warned him that when passing through the Heaven's End Path, he might be transported to some inexplicable places, such as the inside of a thick layer of soil. It was quite difficult to get out of the soil layer. He didn't expect that he would encounter it the first time he entered the Three Pure Heavens.
It was an exception. "It's better to be transported into the soil layer than to those dead places. If you really enter those places, it will be quite troublesome." The voice of the Heavenly Lord of the Origin sounded at this moment, "I have escaped into the soil layer twice. Illuminate this place.
Let me see how deep you are. "
Luo Zheng stretched his body forcefully and forcibly opened up a space in the soil layer. As he raised his hand, a faint white light spread out from his palm, illuminating this small space.
Although the surrounding soil was soft, it seemed to be soaked in blood, with sticky red liquid constantly oozing out.
"Senior Heavenly Lord of the Origin, where am I now?" Luo Zheng asked. The Heavenly Lord of the Origin hesitated for a while before answering, "This is … the Ominous Earth. You should be below the Ominous Demon Impasse now."

Chapter 3524
Although the first thirty-two heavens of the Nirvana Realm were also filled with danger, that was only for the weak Yang Soul.
If one entered the Nirvana Realm with their physical body, they would be able to deal with most of the troubles. Those in the Nirvana Realm were once a disaster for the Nirvana Realm beings.
Therefore, ever since Luo Zheng stepped into the Nirvana Realm with his physical body, he was almost unstoppable …
After all, the first thirty-two heavens of the Nirvana Realm could be seen as a huge cultivation ground. From the first heavens to the Soul City, the land of Calamity Bones, and the immortal picture scroll were the final points.
But the Three Pure Heavens were different …
There were truly terrifying existences here. Those in the Immortal Realm who dared to step into it were almost all disregarding life and death.
Although the Three Pure Heavens were dangerous, the rewards were also extremely generous.
For example, after the Eastern Emperor Taiyi reached the Immortal Realm, he only needed to bring back a portion of the Nirvana Realm tokens from the outermost Pure Heavens, and it was enough to raise all the Saint Soul experts in the Taiyi Heavenly Palace by a level.
Not to mention the Shangqing Heavens, there were countless secrets in the Yuqing Heavens.
But even the outermost Pure Heavens was extremely dangerous.
Although the Primeval Lord of Heaven had been to the Nightmare Demon Impasse, he had never been to the layer of Nightmare Demon Impasse. Just now, he hesitated for a moment and went to ask other human elites for advice. Finally, he got the answer from Gonggong.
There were a total of three deathly impasse in the outermost Pure Heavens, and among these three, the Nightmare Demon Impasse was the most dangerous.
"If I am now under the Nightmare Demon Impasse …" Luo Zheng looked at the side of the cave and said, "I can just dig a way out."
It was not difficult for Luo Zheng to dig a tunnel of tens or hundreds of miles in the soil layer.
"The situation is not that simple." The Grandmaster of Heaven shook his head. "The Nightmare Demon's body was formed by the Nightmare Soil. This bloody Nightmare Soil is a part of the Nightmare Demon's body."
"This Nightmare Soil is alive …"
"Sizzle …"
Before Luo Zheng finished speaking, the red Nightmare Soil on the walls of the small cave began to undulate. As the scarlet liquid seeped in, faces made of blood-colored soil gradually appeared.
Not only was there a face, but there were also thin arms and sharp claws.
It was hard to imagine that the soft and moldable soil a moment ago had turned into sharp claws shining with cold light the next moment!
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate at all. He waved his fist and punched at the faces emerging from the mud. All the mud faces were blasted away by Luo Zheng!
However, the red soil that was splattered all over the place seemed to have a soul of its own. It once again transformed into faces that slowly and firmly appeared.
From front to back, from left to right, from top to bottom, other than their faces, they were all sharp claws.
"Ga ga ga ga …"
The Nightmarish Demons formed from the soil let out a horrifying sound, and their sharp claws wrapped tightly around Luo Zheng from all directions.
"Die!"
Luo Zheng gently clamped his arms under his armpits, trapping a considerable portion of the sharp claws under his armpits. Then, his body abruptly turned in a circle.
"Pa pa pa pa …"
The claws formed from the soil were all twisted by Luo Zheng. Then, a blue light flashed in Luo Zheng's right hand, and he took out a long sword from Sumeru Space. Then, a sharp sword light flashed in this narrow space.
Previously, this space was only the size of a person. However, Luo Zheng's long sword was like a hoe, surrounding him and slashing in all directions. Soon, a round hole about ten feet high was formed. The Nightmarish Demons continued to crawl out of the hole, but they couldn't withstand Luo Zheng's long sword.
Fast and ruthless, they were all killed by Luo Zheng one by one.
"These Nightmarish Demons aren't strong. I'll just kill my way out!"
Then, Luo Zheng's long sword coiled upwards like a meat grinder.
However, any Nightmarish Demons that appeared from above were all minced by the sword light. At the same time, Luo Zheng also forcefully created a tunnel that was tens of feet long.
"Be careful. There will be even stronger Nightmarish Demons behind." Yuanshi Tianzun reminded.
Within the 33 Heavens, some of the weaker forbidden zones and danger zones had long since been eliminated by the Elemental Spirit civilization or other civilizations. Any race that was able to persist through over a thousand chaos epochs had their own unique methods of survival and strength.
Back then, Gong Gong was also not a match for them in the Nightmarish Earth. Helpless, he turned his body into invisible water and seeped deeper into the earth. He found an underground river at the bottom of the earth and was able to escape. One could imagine how difficult it was for Luo Zheng to forcefully kill his way out.
After Luo Zheng dug a few hundred feet in one direction, the Nightmarish Demons that appeared on both sides of the wall were slightly larger. The surface of their thin bodies had a faint greenish gray color. Whether it was their attack or defense, they had both increased.
However, they still couldn't stop Luo Zheng. He slaughtered his way forward as if he had entered a no-man's land.
…
On the surface of the Nightmarish Demon danger zone, a huge triangular petal-like object covered with thorns suddenly opened. In the center of this object sat four dark black Nightmarish Demons.
"Bo …"
In the blood red soil layer, a red "mud pillar" suddenly shot out. This "mud pillar" directly drilled into the head of the black Nightmarish Demon at the front. The "mud pillar" continuously transmitted information into the black Nightmarish Demon's mind.
After a while, the black Nightmarish Demon cracked a smile, revealing a mouthful of sharp teeth, "A decent prey has appeared …"
"Immortal realm?" Another black Nightmarish Demon asked excitedly.
"Yes." The black Nightmarish Demon leader nodded.
"What grade of bloodline?" The third black Nightmarish Demon asked.
The black Nightmarish Demon leader shook his head, "I'm not sure. His body is very strong. He hasn't used his bloodline power yet, but he shouldn't be weak!"
The reason why the environment in the Three Clear Heavens wasn't good for immortal realm experts was because there was another important reason.
If the natives here wanted to become stronger, they had to devour immortal realm experts. Although they couldn't obtain the power of immortal realm bloodline, the more immortal realm experts they devoured, the stronger they would become. And this strengthening was permanent.
In this generation, their next generation would also become stronger.
The Nightmarish Demons were infamous in the outer regions of the Supreme Clear Heavens. There were many immortal realm experts that died in the Nightmarish Demon danger zone, but the Nightmarish Demons still didn't have the qualifications to hold a foothold in the Supreme Clear Heavens.
The four black Nightmarish Demon leaders were anxious to become stronger. Towards the prey that entered their territory, they definitely wouldn't let it go.
"Then don't hesitate anymore." The fourth black Nightmarish Demon had already stood up and raised his hands towards the outside of the huge petal-like object.
On the blood red soil, thousands of Nightmarish Demons crawled up and drilled into the soil.
The thick soil was as soft as water to the Nightmarish Demons. Following that, the four black Nightmarish Demons followed closely behind and drilled into the soil.
Luo Zheng who was in the inner layer of the Nightmarish Soil increased his digging speed. However, he was still unable to determine his position underground.
He didn't know that he was digging towards the center of the Nightmarish Demon danger zone, and there were even more Nightmarish Demons in front of him.
Please remember the domain name of this book:. Nine Heavens Deity Emperor mobile reading website:

Chapter 3525
The dazzling silver sword gleam was unstoppable. Wherever the silver sword gleam swept, the Nightmare Demons would turn into pieces, turning back into lifeless blood colored Nightmare Earth.
Luo Zheng did not feel any burden in killing these monsters formed from mud. He did not even treat these Nightmare Demons as "living beings".
"Swish swish swish swish swish … … Ding!"
Luo Zheng's sword slashed on the arm of a Nightmare Demon, producing a crisp sound. This slash actually did not sever the Nightmare Demon's arm, only leaving behind a white sword mark.
This was the first time a Nightmare Demon was able to block his sword.
"Purple Nightmare Demon … …" Luo Zheng looked up and sized it up.
The new purple Nightmare Demon was much stronger than the green grey Nightmare Demon. This green grey Nightmare Demon even let out a "Ga Ga" laugh, seemingly pleased with itself.
"Die!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a bright light, the power of this slash increased dramatically.
"Kacha!"
The purple Nightmare Demon was instantly sliced into two.
After reaching the Immortal Realm, Luo Zheng's fleshly body was strengthened further. His casual slash had the power of 300,000-400,000 deity jun. Normal Immortal Realm experts were no longer his match.
These purple Nightmare Demons were much stronger than the previous two types. Luo Zheng had to expend more effort to kill them. Naturally, his underground speed was also much slower … …
"The purple Nightmare Demons are the backbone of the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground. They are much stronger." Primordial Lord of Heaven reminded.
"The backbone is not bad either!"
"Hua!"
The crescent shaped sword gleam slashed out, slicing three purple Nightmare Demons into two.
"The truly powerful Nightmare Demons are the dark brown and black types. The dark brown Nightmare Demons are the generals of this race. There are not many of them. The black type is the Nightmare Demon King. It is said that there are only four of them in the entire Nightmare Demon Danger Ground … …"
Just as Primordial Lord of Heaven was introducing, the dark brown Nightmare Demon generals appeared.
Suddenly, 6-7 dark brown claws extended out from the ceiling. These claws were not afraid of Luo Zheng's sword edge. They grabbed onto the sword edge and pulled upwards.
With the combined effort of these Nightmare Demon generals, they actually managed to pull Luo Zheng's sword out of his hands!
Seeing that they were about to snatch away Luo Zheng's long sword, Luo Zheng suddenly reached out and grabbed his long sword back. At the same time, Luo Zheng did a backflip, and the silver sword light circled around him.
"Kuang kuang kuang …"
When those dark brown claws were struck by the sword light, they only emitted a series of crisp sounds, and not even a single sword mark was left on their surface!
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly widened.
Although Li Biexue had always told him that the three great perilous lands were extremely dangerous, and the Primeval Lord of Heaven had also warned him after he fell into the Nightmare Demon Perilous Land, Luo Zheng still did not take it to heart.
Luo Zheng had practically killed his way up from the Nirvana Realm. Apart from the few Heaven Lords in the Hidden Realm, Luo Zheng hadn't encountered much trouble.
This Nightmare Demon Perilous Land was just the outermost living creatures of the Clear Sky Heaven. Apart from their bodies being made of "mud", their strength shouldn't be too strong.
But this time, Luo Zheng's judgment was wrong. There were no weak existences in the Clear Sky Heaven!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Those dark brown claws stretched out from all directions. Some reached into Luo Zheng's armpits, and some wrapped around Luo Zheng's neck and limbs. In a short while, Luo Zheng was tightly wrapped by dozens of sharp claws.
After those dark brown Nightmare Demons wrapped around Luo Zheng, their bodies emerged from the cave walls.
"Cough cough cough …"
"Gugu …"
They used the unique language of the Nightmare Demons to communicate, and it was unknown what they were saying.
And every time Luo Zheng tried to struggle, these brown Nightmare Demons would use all their strength and firmly hold Luo Zheng down. Luo Zheng used all his strength, but he couldn't break free at all!
"I reminded you," said the Primeval Lord of Heaven helplessly. "Forcing your way out is not a rational method …"
"But they didn't give me a chance to escape." Luo Zheng shook his head.
He couldn't distinguish directions underground, and he was surrounded by the Nightmare Demons as soon as he arrived. How could he have a chance to sneak away?
At this moment, the Nightmare Demon generals carrying Luo Zheng suddenly bent their bodies slightly. Then, four black Nightmare Demons appeared in front of the tunnel. They were the Nightmare Demon Kings that the Primeval Lord of Heaven had mentioned.
The black Nightmare Demon King in the lead sized up Luo Zheng. His ugly face was full of gloominess. "Caught just like that? Isn't it too easy? "
Now, Luo Zheng was killing his way through the Nightmare Soil Layer with just his physical body and a sword.
The Nightmare Demon Kings generally overestimated Luo Zheng's strength!
After all, among the Immortal Realm experts, the better the bloodline, the stronger the strength.
The Nightmare Demon King wanted to devour the most were the Immortal Realm experts with higher bloodlines.
But Luo Zheng was caught after struggling for a short while. This meant that Luo Zheng's strength was not as strong as they thought.
"He didn't use any ability. This isn't right …" Another Nightmare Demon King shook his head.
"Maybe his bloodline ability is purely to strengthen himself? Don't you think that his physical body is too strong? "The third Nightmare Demon deduced.
The other Nightmare Demons only knew how to communicate in their own language. Only the four Nightmare Demon Kings could communicate very fluently.
Hearing their words, Luo Zheng felt a little gloomy. "What? You don't seem to be satisfied? "
The first Nightmare Demon King heard Luo Zheng's words and took a step forward. Then, he strangely appeared in front of Luo Zheng. "Of course we're not satisfied. The reward for devouring a bloodline power like yours is too little …"
"There's a reward for devouring me?" Luo Zheng was a little startled.
"That's right. It's a reward that's engraved in my bloodline. It can greatly strengthen me and even my tribe …" Nightmare Demon King said as he reached out with his black hand and grabbed Luo Zheng's neck.
With a gentle pull, he pulled Luo Zheng out of the dark brown claws.
Luo Zheng's neck was only restrained. His hands and feet were free!
He grabbed Nightmare Demon King's arm with one hand and used the force to kick out.
"Bang!"
Nightmare Demon King's chest seemed to have an absolute defense. He actually took Luo Zheng's kick head-on.
"You should have just entered the Immortal Realm. It's not bad that you have such strength. Unfortunately, your bloodline is too weak …" Nightmare Demon King said as he threw Luo Zheng back.
Two Nightmare Demon Kings grabbed Luo Zheng from the left and right. The last Nightmare Demon King grabbed a piece of mud from the wall and smeared it all over Luo Zheng's body.
The Nightmare Soil was the mother of the Nightmare Demons. It was also their holy land.
If an outsider intruded into the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground's surface, it would be fine. The chance of escaping was not small, and the Nightmare Demons would not be angered.
However, any living thing that fell into the Nightmare Soil layer would be seen as an offense and blasphemy by the Nightmare Demons. Like Luo Zheng, who had dug a trench that extended for tens of miles, it was unforgivable … After Luo Zheng's body was smeared with the Nightmare Soil, the two Nightmare Demon Kings dragged Luo Zheng out. Strangely, after the Nightmare Soil smeared on Luo Zheng's body, he was able to move freely in the soil layer like the Nightmare Demons.

Chapter 3526
Apex School Bag
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
The blood-red soil was as soft as water as it flowed down Luo Zheng's body.
The two Nightmare Demon Kings dragged Luo Zheng all the way up, and soon they were out of the ground!
Not far away, there was a triangular petal-like object. After Luo Zheng confirmed his position, a bitter smile appeared on his face.
He had dug dozens of miles underground, but in the end, he had completely lost his direction and ended up right below the center of the Nightmare Demon Impasse.
"Drag him in," the leader of the Nightmare Demon Kings said.
The two Nightmare Demon Kings who were holding Luo Zheng dragged Luo Zheng into the triangular petal.
"Ka ka ka …"
When Luo Zheng got closer, he realized that the triangular petal was actually a huge living thing. The three petals were surrounded by sharp thorns, and they looked like the mouth of some kind of monster.
After Luo Zheng was dragged into the triangular petal, tentacles as thick as little fingers suddenly stretched out from the bottom and tightly wrapped around Luo Zheng.
"Don't try to struggle."
"This is the least painful way to die. If you try to struggle and escape, you will only suffer a fate worse than death."
The two Nightmare Demon Kings warned.
"You're not the ones who eat me?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
One of the Nightmare Demon Kings snorted and said with disdain, "We don't eat people."
After saying this, they turned and left the triangular petal.
The four Nightmare Demon Kings stretched out their thin arms outside the triangular petal, waved their sharp claws, and chattered in their language. Then, they led all the Nightmare Demons to dance and sing.
"If they don't eat me … then this triangular petal is eating me?" Luo Zheng could only ask Yuanshi Tianzun for confirmation.
"If they eat you, they can't inherit your bloodline power. Naturally, they won't do such a thing." Yuanshi Tianzun shook his head and said, "The formation of these Impasse is not accidental. They all have their own methods of sacrifice."
"Sacrifice …" Luo Zheng only hesitated for a moment before he understood. "Is it to eat the Immortal Realm?"
"Yes." Yuanshi Tianzun nodded and said, "Sacrificing the Immortal Realm will strengthen their entire group. Therefore, every Immortal Realm Immortal Realm is the prey of all the Nirvana Realm creatures in the Three Pure Heaven. This is also the most dangerous place in the Three Pure Heaven."
For example, the Great Yi Heavenly Palace didn't know much about the Three Clear Heavens. Therefore, even though Li Bianxue was familiar with the ancient records and information, she only knew that the Three Clear Heavens was very dangerous. The ferocious beings in the Three Clear Heavens were extremely hostile towards the Immortal Realm.
The reason was unknown.
"But who are they offering sacrifices to? Could it be the Four Spirits Sect?" Luo Zheng guessed.
"I only know that it is a sacrifice outside the Xuanliang World, because every sacrifice will open a passage similar to the Immortal Picture Scroll. As for whether it is the Four Spirit Gate, I was not sure before, but now it seems to be most likely," Heavenly Lord Yuanshi said.
He he.
"Then, I became a sacrificial object as soon as I entered the Three Pure Heavens. This …" Luo Zheng was also speechless.
"Coo, coo, coo …"
After a strange sound came from the triangular petals, the three petals closed together. The thorns around the petals bit together, and Luo Zheng was shrouded in darkness …
"Buzz …"
The darkness only lasted for a moment. Complicated Sanskrit characters appeared on the inner wall of the petals. At the same time, a beam of light shone on Luo Zheng from top to bottom. This beam of light shot up to the sky and into the depths of the sky. It seemed to establish a connection with somewhere in the Xuanliang World.
Connection.
At the same time, more thin tentacles rushed toward Luo Zheng's body. In front of these tentacles were hollow thorns. After these hollow thorns pierced into the body of the "prey," they could quickly absorb the blood in the body of the prey.
。
"It seems that the so-called sacrifice is really aimed at the bloodline of the Immortal Realm." Luo Zheng curled his lips. "Hey, if you don't do it now, you will be absorbed …"
After the other Immortal Realm creatures merged with the bloodline, they became one with the bloodline and could use the power of the bloodline.
This time, Luo Zheng was quite miserable. The Origin God Blood did not fuse with him at all. Most of the time, it was being given to him unwillingly.
But it was taboo for the Origin God Blood to leave Luo Zheng's body. Such a "sacrifice" would likely infuriate the Origin God Blood.
"Hua …"
Just as those hollow thorns were about to pierce into Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng felt a ripple in the bloodline in his body.
According to Luo Zheng's conjecture, the Origin God Blood should be helping him evolve into a tough fleshy body. At the very least, those hollow thorns would not be able to pierce into his body.
But Luo Zheng was wrong …
His body had indeed undergone a drastic change. But his fleshy body did not become tougher.
When the first wave of hollow thorns shot towards Luo Zheng, it was blocked by the Chaotic Origin Spirit in Luo Zheng's body. But the Chaotic Origin Spirit could only absorb a limited amount of energy. Thus, the first wave of hollow thorns had already exhausted the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
When the second wave of hollow thorns shot out, a strange scene occurred.
The meridians of various sizes in Luo Zheng's body were like nimble little snakes. They were constantly swimming and swaying within Luo Zheng's body. These meridians seemed to be able to predict the future. They were able to dodge the incoming hollow thorns.
"Da da da da da …"
Those thin hollow thorns kept piercing into Luo Zheng's body. But they did not succeed. Those hollow thorns could not even absorb a single drop of blood …
The Origin God Blood could not be absorbed. But Luo Zheng was in a miserable state. Under the assault of those hollow thorns, his body was filled with tiny holes!
"Isn't this fellow … going overboard?" Luo Zheng said while enduring the intense pain.
Heavenly Sage Primordial Beginning was speechless when he saw this. Given the strength of the Origin God Blood, Luo Zheng should have a better method to avoid those hollow thorns. By doing this, Luo Zheng was simply taking revenge on Luo Zheng.
This' triangular petal 'could not absorb any blood from Luo Zheng after attacking him multiple times. That was strange. It then drove the hollow thorns deeper into Luo Zheng's body. But the meridians in Luo Zheng's body had turned into monsters. They were frantically moving, dodging left and right.
Hiding …
Outside the triangular petal …
The four Nightmare Beast Kings and the Nightmare Demons behind them were all kneeling on the ground.
Offering a sacrifice was an extremely solemn affair to the Nightmare Demon Clan. Before the sacrifice was completed, they would maintain absolute silence.
But every time the sacrifice was completed, they would feel energy surging within their bodies. Especially for the four Nightmare Beast Kings, they would benefit the most.
According to past experiences, the sacrifice should be completed in an incense's time …
But now, four incense's time had passed …
Such a situation was extremely rare. Usually, it meant that the target of the sacrifice had a very pure bloodline.
But as time passed, the Nightmare Beast King felt that something was wrong. No matter how pure the bloodline was, it would not last more than three incense's time. He was afraid that something had happened to the altar.
After six incense's time had passed, the Nightmare Demon Impasse still maintained absolute silence. But a sense of unease was spreading among the Nightmare Demons.
The Nightmare Beast King finally made up his mind. He suddenly stood up and wanted to go to the altar to investigate.
Apex School Bag
Translator: EndlessFantasy Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Chapter 3527
.^8^1^.
The altar with the triangular petal was also a living being.
As far as the Nightmare Demon King knew, none of the Immortal Realm experts trapped in the altar had been able to break free.
After all, even the powerful Immortal Realm experts couldn't capture them. The Immortal Realm experts that could be captured and thrown into the altar were naturally much weaker.
Unfortunately, the Nightmare Demon King encountered a weirdo like Luo Zheng this time …
Those hollow spikes pierced Luo Zheng's body, but they couldn't draw any blood. The triangular petal seemed to see through the changes in Luo Zheng's body, so more tentacles with hollow spikes grew out of it!
After the hollow spikes pierced into Luo Zheng's body, they couldn't be pulled out. More and more hollow spikes pierced into Luo Zheng's body.
After a while, Luo Zheng's body was densely covered with spikes, making him look like a hedgehog.
As more and more hollow spikes pierced into Luo Zheng's body, the space for Luo Zheng to escape through his meridians became more and more limited.
"Cough, cough. Sooner or later, you'll be cornered. Why don't you think of a counterattack? That should be enough, right? "Luo Zheng barely squeezed out a sentence from his throat.
In order to avoid the hollow spikes, Luo Zheng's heart split into many individual parts, which were connected by a main meridian.
"You, who are you talking to? Why is the situation in your body so special … "
A voice came from inside the triangular petal. The voice came from the living altar.
"Of course I'm talking to myself." Luo Zheng laughed dryly. "My bloodline is a little special. Otherwise, I would have torn you to pieces."
"You?" The living altar sneered. "Although I don't know how you changed your meridians, as long as I pierce enough spikes, you won't be able to escape …"
Swish swish swish swish …
More hollow spikes appeared and shot toward Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng saw those hollow spikes, he smiled. Only by angering the living altar would the Origin Divine Blood become serious, and he would suffer less …
Puff puff puff …
After the last wave of hollow spikes pierced into Luo Zheng's body, the twisted meridians could no longer avoid being pierced by the hollow spikes.
"Heh heh heh, all of you have been locked up here. No matter how much you struggle, it is meaningless." After saying that, the Living Altar began greedily extracting the blood from the meridians.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows fiercely, and his eyes showed surprise.
With the temper of the Origin Divine Blood, how could it be so easily extracted by the Living Altar?
"The bloodline in your body is very strong and pure. I like it very much. Hahaha, it's really a supreme delicacy …" The Living Altar expressed its excitement while absorbing the blood.
But before it could finish its sentence, it suddenly stopped and screamed in pain …
The triangular petals around the altar had turned a deathly grey. It was obvious that they had been poisoned. When the deathly grey turned into jet-black, deep pits began to fester on the petals. As soon as Nightmare Demon King approached, he saw the triangular petal turn pitch-black and the massive crater rapidly expanded. Then, the entire triangular petal rolled in all directions and withered completely. The rich life force within it dissipated completely.
The pillar of light that had shot into the sky had also disappeared.
Nightmare Demon King was stunned, and so were the other three Nightmare Demon Kings kneeling behind him.
All of the Nightmare Demons maintained their pious postures and did not raise their heads to look. They did not know that their "altar" had already rotted and died.
"What, what happened …" The closest Nightmare Demon King stared blankly at this scene.
At this time, Luo Zheng struggled out of the tentacles and reached out to pull out the hollow spikes.
Although the densely packed holes caused great pain to Luo Zheng, they were not serious and irreversible injuries. Luo Zheng's body flashed with a green light and they were all healed.
"This altar ate something it shouldn't have," Luo Zheng said with a smile as he stared at Nightmare Demon King.
"It was you?" Nightmare Demon King's face was filled with disbelief.
He simply could not believe that a human in the Immortal Realm could do this to the altar!
"It should be." Luo Zheng nodded. He was very sure that the Origin Divine Blood was a part of him.
"You … you're courting death!"
The Nightmare Demon King's eyes bulged as he lunged at Luo Zheng with his sharp claws.
"Time to act?"
Luo Zheng stared at the charging Nightmare Demon King and asked.
The Origin Divine Blood probably understood that it could not let Luo Zheng face this alone. Finally, Luo Zheng's body began to ripple.
Luo Zheng's fingertips suddenly felt a scalding sensation, as if flames were burning Luo Zheng's fingertips. Luo Zheng reflexively raised his hand and pointed at Nightmare Demon King.
"Pu!"
Luo Zheng's finger extended and drilled straight into Nightmare Demon King's chest.
Nightmare Demon King stared at Luo Zheng strangely, his body trembling like a sieve. Then, with a plop, he collapsed to the ground.
As Nightmare Demon King fell to the ground, Luo Zheng retracted his extended finger.
Luo Zheng looked at his finger with a surprised expression. This time, the Origin Divine Blood only modified his finger, but it was surprisingly useful …
But just as Nightmare Demon King collapsed, a piece of mud next to him suddenly arched up, turning into a sharp mound. The mound quickly changed shape, turning from red to black, and then back into Nightmare Demon King.
"You want to kill a Nightmare Demon in the Nightmare Earth? Isn't that too whimsical? "Nightmare Demon King sneered.
When Luo Zheng was fighting underground, he had already noticed this characteristic of Nightmare Demons.
No matter how many pieces these Nightmare Demons were cut into, they could always be reborn. But Luo Zheng did not expect that these Nightmare Demons could borrow the power of the Nightmare Earth to become immortal.
If the four Nightmare Demon Kings could continuously be reborn, then it would be really troublesome. It would be difficult to leave the Nightmare Demon Impasse.
Nightmare Demon King stepped towards Luo Zheng. But just as he took two steps, Luo Zheng found that something was wrong. Every step Nightmare Demon King took left a black footprint on the scarlet Nightmare Earth …
"The color on your body is fading …" Luo Zheng reminded.
Nightmare Demon King lowered his head to take a look, and his expression froze.
The black color was spreading from the bottom of his feet onto the Nightmare Earth, like a dye dripping into clear water, the speed of its spread was getting faster and faster.
"It's poison!"
Nightmare Demon King roared, and at the same time, he wanted to jump up.
But he suddenly felt powerless, and fell to the ground, merging into the Nightmare Earth …
Nightmare Demon King could still be reborn, as long as the Nightmare Earth existed, he could be reborn an unlimited number of times.
But the poison on Luo Zheng's fingertip was not targeted at Nightmare Demon King, but the entire Nightmare Earth!
"Our Nightmare Earth is poisoned!"
"Dig up the black soil!"
"Kill that brat first!"
The remaining three Nightmare Demon Kings were also in a mess.
Their greatest danger was not Luo Zheng, but the Nightmare Earth that was getting more and more poisoned.
The Nightmare Demons rushed up to dig up the black Nightmare Earth, but the Nightmare Earth that was dug out still fell to the ground in the end. Even worse, the black poison did not just spread along the surface of their bodies, but also spread deep into the ground.
^ Remember.

Chapter 3528
When the normal Nightmare Demons came into contact with the poisonous Nightmare Soil, they also turned black and fell to the ground.
However, normal Nightmare Demons could also revive, but just as they revived, they would be poisoned to death …
Normal Nightmare Demons would not be able to form again after two or three revivals, the stronger Nightmare Demons could revive even more, but the Nightmare Soil they used to revive was also poisonous, so naturally they could not escape the fate of dying again.
Even the Nightmare Demon King at the start, after dying again and again, it became weaker and weaker as it revived.
The other three Nightmare Demon Kings did not come into contact with the poisonous Nightmare Soil, but after realizing the poison in the Nightmare Soil, the three of them floated in mid air.
Looking at the black patch spreading with unstoppable momentum, their faces were as ugly as they could get!
All of the Nightmare Demons were actually one entity, and the core of the entity was the Nightmare Soil below!
No matter how strong the enemy was, it would be difficult to invade the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground, because they could continuously revive on this land, who could defeat an unkillable opponent? And there were tens of thousands of such opponents …
As long as the Nightmare Demons were given enough time, they could continuously expand the Nightmare Soil, and sooner or later they would be able to advance and join the Clear Sky!
Who would have thought that the extremely troublesome Nightmare Demons would have such a day?
"Rumble rumble rumble …" The black ground began to tremble, the black ground not far away from Luo Zheng bulged up, and then a huge blood red monster drilled out, but that huge monster only drilled out halfway before it turned pure black, and then …
Just like the other Nightmare Demons, it collapsed.
The Nightmare Soil as a whole was a living creature, under the poison, the entire Nightmare Soil was struggling, and that huge monster was an incarnation of the Nightmare Soil …
Two hours later …
The black patch spread to the edge of the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground.
At the edge of the Nightmare Soil, there were clusters of light yellow plants growing, and not far away, there were a few patterned deer drooling over these plants, these yellow phosphorus grass were the patterned deer's favorite food.
But the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground was extremely dangerous, there was a fear engraved in their blood that warned these patterned deer not to get close.
Maybe it was because they had not found food for a few days, hunger overcame their fear, and the few patterned deer could not help but rush forward to devour the yellow phosphorus grass.
At this time, six or seven Nightmare Demons suddenly "grew" out of the red ground, and surrounded the patterned deer, these yellow phosphorus grass were originally bait left by the Nightmare Demons.
But just as the Nightmare Demons pounced on the patterned deer, the black poison spread under their feet, and the originally pouncing Nightmare Demons immediately collapsed, the frightened patterned deer and scattered.
After collapsing a few times, the Nightmare Demons could no longer crawl back up, the edges of the Nightmare Soil regained its calm, the originally blood red Nightmare Soil had turned pitch black.
The few startled Striped Deer observed for a long time, then hopped over and happily gnawed on the Yellow Phosphorus Grass.
The strange thing was that when they came into contact with the Black Soil of Doom and even accidentally swallowed some of the Yellow Phosphorus Grass, nothing happened to them.
..............................................
The three Nightmare Demon Kings hovered in the air, their faces flushed red as they stared at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng had destroyed everything, the altar, the tribe, and even the foundation of the Nightmare Lands. They naturally wanted to kill Luo Zheng as soon as possible.
"Human, do you dare to come up and fight me to the death?"
"I'm going to cut off your flesh piece by piece and devour it …"
"Leave the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground if you have the guts!"
The poison that contaminated the Nightmare Soil was too terrifying, it was too fatal to the Nightmare Demons, they did not dare to come down, only daring to shout from above.
Luo Zheng smiled at them, the tip of his foot dug into the ground, and then kicked upwards.
"Hua …"
The black soil spread out.
The three Nightmare Demon Kings were scared out of their wits, and quickly flew to higher ground to avoid it.
But one of the Nightmare Demon Kings was still a little slow, and was hit by a fingernail sized piece of black soil.
"Plop …"
Very quickly, this Nightmare Demon King fell from the sky, his body disintegrating into the black soil.
And this Nightmare Demon King did not revive …
The Nightmare Demons' revival ability came from the Nightmare Soil, now that the entire Nightmare Soil was "dead", the Nightmare Demons attached to it could not revive, even the Nightmare Demon King was no exception.
Luo Zheng no longer paid any attention to the two Nightmare Demon Kings. After confirming the direction, he headed north.
But as he moved forward, the two Nightmare Demon Kings followed him from a distance.
They obviously did not plan to let Luo Zheng go, they were waiting for Luo Zheng to leave the Nightmare Soil before they attacked.
"If I don't get rid of these two Nightmare Demon Kings, I'm afraid there will be some trouble …"
Luo Zheng frowned, after thinking for a while, his eyes lit up, and he dug a hole on the ground and went in.
The two Nightmare Demon Kings did not dare to go into the hole to chase after him, Luo Zheng crossed a distance inside the Nightmare Soil, and then came out, there was no trace of the Nightmare Demon Kings.
"From the center of the Nightmare Demon Impasse all the way north, you can see two solitary peaks, one is the God's Passing Peak, the other is the Soul Scattering Peak, I've basically confirmed their location now," Luo Zheng said as he stared at the two peaks in the distance.
The two peaks in the distance formed a large arc, one on the left and one on the right, one on the right. One of the peaks was pure silver, while the other was pure gold, the colors were bright, and left a deep impression.
According to Yuanshi Tianzun, the two peaks were indestructible, and every chaos era, a different space door would open in the center of the two peaks, and many Nirvana Realm and Immortal Realm creatures of the Tai Qing Heaven would enter to explore.
Every chaos era, it would only open once, so he naturally could not wait until then.
After finding a hidden corner, Luo Zheng quietly recited the Illusion Breaking Spell and left the Tai Qing Heaven, he wanted to inform Nuwa and Fuxi of his location.
Everyone in the Tai Yi Heaven Palace was looking forward to Luo Zheng rescuing Donghuang and Elder Ying as soon as possible. Luo Zheng's first step was to meet up with Nuwa and Fuxi.
Luo Zheng entering the Tai Qing Heaven was a big matter for the Tai Yi Heaven Palace and even Li Mountain.
Whether it was Li Mountain, the Heaven Palace, or even the Chaos Ancient Gods, they were all paying close attention.
Generally, when one first entered the Tai Qing Heaven, as long as they did not encounter any trouble, they would wake up immediately, but Luo Zheng had delayed a lot of time, which made the experts in Li Mountain somewhat worried. If Luo Zheng died in the Tai Qing Heaven, what would they do?
When Luo Zheng left the Nirvana Realm and opened his eyes, he found that the Deep Mist Peak had suddenly become lively.
"Luo Zheng is finally awake …"
"Waking up means that he is safe!"
"Where were you sent by the Heaven's End Dao?" Fuxi stepped forward and asked.
"Nightmare Demon Impasse." Luo Zheng curled his lips and looked at 9527 beside him. When he was not around, 9527 was guarding by the side. Letting so many people into the Deep Mist Peak was naturally 9527's dereliction of duty.
9527, on the other hand, made a helpless expression. Luo Zheng's importance was needless to say, even "Ji" personally came to observe several times, these people wished they could sleep here every day, how could it stop them? After Luo Zheng said the words Nightmare Demon Impasse, the Deep Mist Peak suddenly became quiet, those who understood the horror of this place stared at Luo Zheng with astonishment.

Chapter 3529
For the vast majority of Immortal realm experts, Grand Pure Sky was equivalent to the Thirty-Third Heaven. This was because they would never be able to enter Grand Pure Sky in their entire lives.
Within Grand Pure Sky, the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground was the most dangerous place. Passing through the Heavens' End Path directly into the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground was almost impossible to survive.
Every Immortal realm expert who passed through the Heavens' End Path had to face the risk of dying at any moment. This was why many Immortal realm experts were unwilling to explore Grand Pure Sky. A considerable number of them stayed in the Thirty-Second Heaven to cultivate and recuperate. In any case, Pingyi Heaven was absolutely safe. Even if the chaos was destroyed, they would still live on.
Generation after generation.
"You fell into the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground's border and then escaped?" Fuxi asked.
Luo Zheng had fallen into the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground, which should be the worst case scenario.
However, he only nodded slightly. "I escaped. I'm directly opposite Godfay Peak and Soulscatter Peak. You and Lady Nuwa can find me if you go there."
"Directly opposite … Then you're not far from the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground. It's still very dangerous." Nuwa's expression changed.
"They shouldn't be able to find me," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
The entire Nightmare Demon Danger Ground had become a land of death. The two remaining Nightmare Demon Kings would probably find it difficult to find him.
Nuwa and Fuxi exchanged glances.
Merely approaching the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground was an extremely risky act. However, since Luo Zheng had escaped from the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground, the two of them naturally wouldn't be afraid to even make a trip there.
"Don't enter the other side for now. Wait until we reach Godfay Peak and Soulscatter Peak before you go back," Fuxi said.
The two of them sat down cross-legged across from Luo Zheng and entered the other side.
Seeing their expressions, Luo Zheng could see the fear in their hearts. However, they still chose to take the risk without hesitation.
Fuxi and Nuwa had stayed in Grand Pure Sky for quite some time and were very familiar with the place.
The most important thing was the Divination Heavenly Hound by Fuxi's side. This Divination Heavenly Hound seemed to have the ability to predict the future. It was very accurate in predicting danger. This ability was very practical and could help Fuxi avoid all kinds of dangers in advance.
The two of them hadn't been too far away from the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground. After half a day's journey, they had reached the western side of the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground.
Both Fuxi and Nuwa had strange expressions on their faces as they looked at the Nightmare Fiend Lands from afar.
"Why did the color of the Ominous Demon Danger Ground change?" Fuxi was baffled.
Nvywa stared at the Nightmare Demon Danger Grounds and fell into deep thought. Her big eyes flickered. For many years, the Nightmare Demon Danger Grounds had been blood red. It was said that the entire Nightmare Demon Danger Grounds was actually a living creature, and the Nightmare Demons were just creatures created by the Nightmare Demon Danger Grounds.
Did the black Nightmare Soil become stronger?
Clearly, the two of them didn't intend to investigate. Even though the two of them were well-known experts in the Immortal Realm, they wouldn't stand a chance if they barged into the Nightmare Demon Desolate Grounds.
"If we head north, we can safely go around it …"
"En, if we head north for a certain distance, we will be able to travel parallel to the Nightmare Demon Danger Ground. This way, we will be able to reach Luo Zheng's location as quickly as possible." After the two agreed, they kept a distance from the Nightmare Demon Impasse while the Heavenly Divination Hound followed closely behind Fuxi. After a while, the Heavenly Divination Hound suddenly said, "This is one of the most dangerous places in the Grand Pure Heaven, but I can't sense it.
There is no danger at all. Strange … "
The Heavenly Divination Hound had followed Fuxi to the Nightmare Demon Danger Grounds before. The Heavenly Divination Hound had spent the last time in fear, constantly reminding Fuxi to leave this damned place.
But this time, the Heavenly Divination Hound didn't sense any danger. The entire Nightmare Demon Danger Grounds was very peaceful, even deathly silent …
"Of course it's strange. Look," Nvywa pointed into the distance.
Dozens of patterned deer were gnawing on the grass and flowers on the Black Nightmare Soil, but there were no Nightmare Demons in the Nightmare Soil.
"The Nightmare Demons are extremely territorial. They definitely wouldn't allow these patterned deer to get close. Are they all dead?" Fuxi was shocked. "Yuan Ling Civilization or Wu Kong Clan?" Nvywa frowned. The Nightmare Demons expanded very slowly. They usually stayed in the Nightmare Soil. Yuan Ling Civilization wouldn't provoke this race. The two had always minded their own business. Wu Kong Clan was even more so.
They wouldn't do anything pointless at this time.
But other than these two powers, who else could kill the Nightmare Demons …
They were shocked as they walked. Along the way, Fuxi even approached the border of the Black Nightmare Soil, but still didn't see any Nightmare Demons.
When they reached the location Luo Zheng had set, the two of them left the other side.
When Nvywa looked at Luo Zheng again, she asked, "Luo Zheng, when you fell into the Nightmare Demon Danger Grounds, did you see any Nightmare Demons?"
Fuxi also stared at Luo Zheng. He wanted to find an answer from Luo Zheng's face.
"Of course I did," Luo Zheng said.
"Alive?" Nvywa's eyes flashed.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded again.
"Then can you explain why the Nightmare Demons in the Nightmare Demon Danger Grounds are all dead?" Fuxi asked loudly.
The other people guarding Deep Mist Peak were shocked. Their ears perked up.
"The Nightmare Demons are all dead?"
"Then isn't this Death Grounds useless?"
"This is a good thing. Although you and I can't enter the 33 Heavens, the Immortal Realm is easier …"
Luo Zheng had a calm smile on his face. "They aren't all dead. There are still two Nightmare Demon Kings left. I don't know where they ran off to."
"The two Nightmare Demon Kings ran away …" Nvywa murmured. "What about the others?"
"I poisoned them to death," Luo Zheng answered.
Fuxi already had a premonition that this was Luo Zheng's doing. However, when he heard Luo Zheng admit it himself, he still sucked in a breath of cold air. This kid had destroyed the infamous Nightmare Demon Danger Grounds on his first visit to the Tai Qing Heaven. This was just too unbelievable.
Fuxi wasn't the only one who found it hard to believe. If the Yuan Ling Civilization and Wu Kong Clan heard this, they would probably feel the same.
"This matter must not be spread," Nvywa said to the others on Deep Mist Peak.
Now, Luo Zheng was a thorn in the side of the two great forces. If they knew that Luo Zheng destroyed the Nightmare Demon Danger Grounds, the Wu Kong Clan and Yuan Ling Civilization would probably be even more restless.
After giving the order, Nvywa and Fuxi simply stayed on Deep Mist Peak and returned to the Nirvana Realm with Luo Zheng. After Fuxi entered the Nirvana Realm, he still turned back to look at the dark Nightmare Demon Danger Grounds. He tested and confirmed it again. Finally, he personally stepped on the Black Nightmare Soil and sighed for a while. Only then did he set off with Luo Zheng and Nvywa to the Eastern Emperor Taiyi and Elder Ying.
The Nightmare Ground.
After passing through God's Passing Peak and Soul Scattering Peak, they entered the southeast side of the Tai Qing Heaven. After walking for a while, there were rumbling sounds in the distance.
"Ahead is the Sky Thunder Plain. This plain is extremely dangerous. We'll take a detour," Fuxi told Luo Zheng.
"Crossing the plain can save a lot of time, but it's too risky," Nvywa said with some regret.
"Sky Thunder Plain?" Luo Zheng's eyes flickered. "We should be able to cross it." The Primeval Lord of Heaven's "Prison Lock Lightning" could almost perfectly restrain the lightning here. It could even obtain a powerful lightning powder. When he was in Yu Sheng-tian, it had left a deep impression on Luo Zheng.

Chapter 3530
"You have a way to deal with those lightning bolts?" Fuxi pointed into the distance.
At that moment, an enormous bolt of lightning descended from the sky like a flood dragon, slamming into the plains.
After years of bombardment, the entire Skythunder Plains was charred black.
Luo Zheng gently raised his hand, and a faint luster began to emerge from his palm. The purple luster grew thicker and thicker. This was the true face of the Prison Lock Lightning.
"The Primeval Lord of Heaven of the human race once led human elites across the Skythunder Plains, and he relied on this Prison Lock Lightning!"
With that, Luo Zheng flew forward and stepped into the center of the Skythunder Plains.
The surface of the Skythunder Plains was extremely flat, and anything above the horizon would be baptized by lightning. After Luo Zheng stood there, he quickly attracted the attention of the lightning bolts.
Rumble!
A lightning flood dragon descended, heading straight for Luo Zheng's right hand.
However, the purple Prison Lock Lightning flickered on Luo Zheng's right hand. The moment the lightning entered his hand, it turned into clouds of brown powder that scattered at Luo Zheng's feet.
This was the first time Fuxi and Nuwa had seen something like this, and their eyes were filled with amazement.
"That light seemed to have solidified the lightning?" Nuwa asked.
She was extremely sensitive to energy. Even though it had only happened in a flash of lightning, she still keenly sensed it.
Luo Zheng nodded, then carefully collected the Lightning Solidifying Powder and handed it to Nuwa. "This is Lightning Solidifying Powder. Once the Primeval Lord of Heaven accumulated enough here, he used it to kill the Heaven's Wrath Beast."
"The Heaven's Wrath Beast …"
"Our human race once killed the Heaven's Wrath Beast?"
Nuwa and Fuxi were shocked once more.
Although they already knew that the human race was once very strong, strong enough to resist the Elemental Spirit civilization, they didn't expect the Primeval Lord of Heaven to kill a powerful existence like the Heaven's Wrath Beast.
A hint of curiosity flashed through Nuwa's eyes as she looked at the Lightning Solidifying Powder. A wisp of her shadow quietly entered the powder.
Sizzle …
A bolt of lightning bloomed in Nuwa's hand.
"Woof! Woof! Woof!" The Divination Hound behind Fuxi barked fiercely.
"Throw it away!" Luo Zheng hurriedly reminded her.
Nuwa was already prepared. With a light shake of her hand, she tossed the Lightning Solidifying Powder away.
"Hua!"
A round lightning ball the size of a water tank abruptly bloomed, releasing a dazzling lightning radiance before the three of them. It lasted for quite some time before gradually dissipating.
The corners of Fuxi's eyes twitched as he felt the power contained within.
If Nuwa hadn't thrown it out, half of her body would have been burned off.
If a handful of Lightning Solidifying Powder was already so powerful, wouldn't it be even more terrifying if he accumulated more?
In this way, not only would they be able to accumulate a trump card, they would also be able to directly traverse the Heavenly Lightning Plains, so why not? Soon, the three of them set off towards the depths of the Sky Thunder Plains.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
The amount of lightning in the periphery of Sky Thunder Plains was still sparse, but after a hundred miles, the lightning gradually became denser. After another hundred miles, the lightning in the sky was like rain, forming a dense curtain of lightning!
Any living being caught up in this lightning curtain would be corroded by the lightning until not even ashes remained.
Luo Zheng raised his right hand, which was emitting dense lightning.
Any lightning that approached, no matter how thick it was, would turn into powder and fall to the ground. As it fell, Fuxi would collect all the powder. This was a rare treasure. "Senior Yuanshi Tianzun, did you absorb all the lightning in the entire Sky Thunder Plains? How did you do it? " Luo Zheng asked. When he raised the Lightning Prison like this, only a portion of the lightning was converted. More lightning fell to the ground around him.
On the surface, it disappeared.
"My original body came here personally, and the Lightning Prison released could almost illuminate the entire Sky Thunder Plains," Yuanshi Tianzun said with a faint smile.
"Illuminate the entire Sky Thunder Plains …" Luo Zheng gasped.
After all, Yuanshi Tianzun was an expert on the same level as Tongtian. His true strength couldn't be underestimated.
"Crackle, crackle, crackle …"
After another six to seven miles, the three of them had already reached the core area of Sky Thunder Plains. Lightning continuously poured on the ground like water, and its power was terrifying.
However, in front of the Lightning Prison, no matter how much lightning there was, it could only turn into Lightning Solidifying Powder.
After all, the Lightning Prison was not the lightning of hell. It was just a conversion of lightning into a form to store it.
While Fuxi was concentrating on storing the Lightning Solidifying Powder, the Celestial Hound next to him barked again.
Although the Celestial Hound was terrified of the Sky Thunder Plains, it calmed down after understanding the power of the Lightning Prison. At this moment, it suddenly felt uneasy. Something must have appeared.
Luo Zheng, Nuwa, and Fuxi all looked in the direction of the Celestial Hound's barking. There was nothing there.
"What's wrong?" Fuxi asked the Celestial Hound.
The Celestial Hound crawled on the ground with its forelimbs in a vigilant position. "I don't know. It seems like something dangerous is approaching …"
"Even the Nirvana Realm creatures in Tai Qing Heaven can hardly survive here. You're too sensitive to the lightning everywhere," Fuxi said.
Even so, the Celestial Hound's eyes were still full of vigilance. The sense of crisis that came from the bottom of its heart couldn't be fake.
The three of them walked another three to four miles and were about to cross the core area of Sky Thunder Plains. However, at this moment, the Celestial Hound suddenly crawled on the ground with its forelimbs and barked violently. A kind of extreme fear struck it!
The last time the Celestial Hound had this kind of fear, its life was hanging by a thread and it almost died.
"What now …" Fuxi had just opened his mouth when a door suddenly appeared not far away. Two long-haired monsters crawled out of the door!
The two long-haired monsters came straight at the three of them, one on the left and one on the right.
The lightning that was like a heavy downpour hit their bodies and scattered along the surface of their skin. These monsters could actually avoid all the lightning with their hair!
Fuxi was still in the posture of collecting the Lightning Solidifying Powder. When he saw the two long-haired monsters clearly, they actually grabbed Fuxi and were about to drag him into the lightning!
Not to mention whether the long-haired monsters wanted to kill Fuxi, the lightning in the core area of Sky Thunder Plains was extremely powerful. Fuxi couldn't hold on for more than a few breaths.
The moment Fuxi's arms were pulled out of the range of the Lightning Prison, they were charred black and sticky by the lightning.
Seeing that Fuxi's whole body was about to be dragged out, Nuwa and Luo Zheng reacted by grabbing Fuxi's arms from both sides and pulling him back abruptly, forcibly dragging Fuxi into the range of the Lightning Prison.
At this moment, Fuxi had become a rope in a tug-of-war …
Nuwa's strength wasn't strong, but Luo Zheng's strength was not what it used to be. Under this kind of tugging, he was like a sea-stabilizing needle that didn't budge at all.
The two long-haired monsters also showed surprise in their eyes. They just wanted to catch one person to inquire about the situation in Tai Qing Tian, but one of the opponents' strength was actually not inferior to theirs …
The tug-of-war between the two sides only made Fuxi suffer. The bones all over his body creaked, especially the spine on his back, which was almost on the verge of breaking. If the strength continued to increase, he was afraid that he would be torn into two pieces.
At this moment, the Celestial Hound suddenly pounced, a faint bronze light shining from its mouth, and roared fiercely at the two long-haired monsters!
The two long-haired monsters seemed to be abnormally afraid of the Celestial Hound's roar. Under the roar, they quickly withdrew their hands and retreated into the door.
The moment they closed the door, the door also disappeared.
Please remember the domain name of this book:. Nine Heavens Divine Emperor mobile version reading website:

Chapter 3531
Luo Zheng, Fuxi was pulled back into the range of the prison lock lightning, lying on the ground and gasping for breath.
The muscles on his arms were turned into powdery charcoal by the lightning, but there was no pain, no feeling at all.
Fortunately, Fuxi only reached his elbows out of the prison lock lightning. If he pulled out a little more, his head would have been baptized by the lightning, and there was a possibility that he would have died.
Nuwa stretched out her hand, and a withered branch appeared in her hand.
After she injected a part of Nuwa's Shadow's energy into the branch, it quickly sprouted, growing two emerald green leaves, full of life aura.
She plucked the two leaves and gently covered Fuxi's hands. Bright red granulation, muscles, meridians, and skin quickly began to grow on Fuxi's charred arms. After ten breaths, the wounds were healed.
After Nuwa healed Fuxi, she saw Luo Zheng staring blankly not far away. She asked curiously, "What's wrong? Do you know those long-haired monsters? "
Nuwa thought that she had seen many things, but she had never seen such strange things.
They could block the lightning with just their fur, and could also summon a door at will. Was this a new force in the Three Pure Heavens?
"I don't know those long-haired monsters." Luo Zheng shook his head. "But I know that door …"
"Door … that door seems to be made with the rules of space. Have you seen it before?" Nuwa asked.
Luo Zheng nodded. "Goddess Nuwa, do you know the little girl beside Elder Ying?"
"You mean Ling Shuang, right?" Nuwa asked.
Although Ling Shuang was only a disciple of Taiyi Mountain, she was Elder Ying's favorite. With Goddess Nuwa's photographic memory, it was impossible for her to miss Ling Shuang.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded. "After Elder Ying was trapped, Ling Shuang disappeared. The entire Taiyi Heavenly Palace couldn't find her. Later on, the Taiyi Heavenly Palace moved, but she still didn't show up."
Nuwa frowned slightly. She didn't understand what Luo Zheng said about Ling Shuang and these things had to do with the white-haired monsters.
"When I entered the First Heaven with Ling Shuang, I used the Great Domination Skill to control her. I saw a door in her mind." Luo Zheng pointed at the place where the door had disappeared. "It was almost the same as that door."
Nuwa and Fuxi's expressions changed slightly when they heard this.
Outsiders only knew that Ling Shuang had some unique talent. In addition, she was doted on by the Immortal Realm expert, Elder Ying. Naturally, her status in the Great One Heavenly Palace was extraordinary.
Now, it seemed that Ling Shuang's secret was far more than that.
That door had always been closed …
After Ling Shuang went missing, the door could be opened freely. There must be some connection between the two …
Could it be that Ling Shuang had opened that door?
Unfortunately, the situation was too tense just now. Otherwise, he would have tried to communicate with the two long-haired monsters. Now, it would be impossible to find them.
Luo Zheng walked over with Nuwa and Fuxi. He stretched out his hand and touched the air, trying to find the remaining space power. However, under the baptism of the thunder, the remaining space power had already dissipated completely.
Perhaps the Origin Divine Blood had a way to find that door, but even Luo Zheng's Origin Divine Blood had been dragging its feet when he was in danger. It was unrealistic to expect it to take the initiative to help him.
"Are you thinking that she went into the door?" Nuwa saw through Luo Zheng's thoughts.
Luo Zheng nodded. "She's not even at the Saint Soul Realm. There's no reason for her to escape from the Heavenly Palace …"
"There are still many secrets in the other side that haven't been unraveled. It's not strange that she really disappeared there. However, since this door has appeared, some mysteries will eventually surface," Nuwa comforted Luo Zheng softly, seeing his mood.
Fuxi just cast a sidelong glance at Luo Zheng, then continued to concentrate on collecting the lightning-solidifying powder.
After passing through the core area of the Sky Thunder Plain, the Trigram Celestial Hound was very calm all the way. "If these lightning-solidifying powder are activated at the same time, the power is almost unimaginable. Tsk tsk!" All the lightning-solidifying powder was stored in Fuxi's Sumeru Ring. Such a large amount of lightning-solidifying powder was enough to become a trump card.
Naturally, Fuxi was happy.
After passing through the Sky Thunder Plain, there was a red forest in front of them. Hundreds of Zhang tall Blazing Maple Trees stood there, illuminating the world. The scenery was magnificent and full of fantastic colors.
"It's so beautiful … What kind of dangerous place is this?" Luo Zheng asked.
The more beautiful a place was, the more dangerous it was. This was one of Luo Zheng's experiences.
However, this experience was wrong. Nuwa said with a smile, "The Blazing Maple Forest area is one of the few safe areas in the Three Pure Heavens. No one will fight here."
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Look!"
Nuwa stretched out a white finger toward the distant Blazing Maple Forest. A beam of energy from Nuwa's shadow spiraled out of her finger and drilled into the forest in the distance.
The moment this beam of energy drilled into the forest, all of the Blazing Maple Forest began to shake. A vast energy reaction rose in the forest.
This strong energy reaction almost made everyone breathless. On the contrary, the Trigram Celestial Hound was unusually calm — it knew that Nuwa's probing was safe. This pressure was naturally a warning from the Blazing Maple Forest.
"Whoosh!"
Despite Nuwa's slight probing, a maple leaf in the Blazing Maple Forest still shot toward Nuwa and exploded on her body.
Nuwa didn't dodge. She knew that she couldn't dodge. She healed the bloody wound on her chest. At the same time, she said calmly to Luo Zheng, "Do you understand now?"
"They will attack whoever moves first?" Luo Zheng asked. "Yes. So this is also a shelter in the Three Pure Heavens. Many Immortal Realm experts will enter the Blazing Maple Forest to seek self-protection after adventuring in the Tai Qing Heaven." Nuwa nodded and said, "And this is not the only shelter in the Three Pure Heavens.
。”
"This is another reason why later generations can contend with the Elemental Spirit Civilization in the Three Pure Heavens," Yuanshi Tianzun said in Nuwa's mind.
When Yuanshi Tianzun led the Human Clan into the Three Pure Heavens, he also relied on these shelters. In fact, Yuanshi Tianzun and the others were now trapped in a similar shelter.
"Don't have any intention of attacking when you enter the shelter. Otherwise, you will suffer a great loss."
After Nuwa reminded them again, the three of them entered the Blazing Maple Forest.
Just as Nuwa said, there were many hidden things in this vast Blazing Maple Forest.
Some of them were Immortal Realm experts from the Pingyi Heaven, and a considerable number of them were creatures from the Tai Qing Heaven …
These creatures carefully kept a distance from each other. When they saw Luo Zheng and the others enter, they quietly left and hid in the depths of the maple forest. Passing through a shelter without any danger was easy. Luo Zheng was also very relaxed. However, he didn't expect that the Origin God Blood in his body didn't intend to let Luo Zheng relax.
Please remember the domain name of this book: Nine Heavens Divine Emperor Mobile Version Website:

Chapter 3532
Not long after entering the Blazing Maple Forest, Luo Zheng felt a slight energy fluctuation from the Origin God Blood.
Although this energy fluctuation was extremely slight, it still caused a reaction in the Blazing Maple Forest.
"Whoosh …"
The Blazing Maple Forest within a radius of a few miles started to sway. Those flickering maple leaves could fly over at any time.
When Fuxi and Nuwa saw this scene, their faces turned pale.
They were in the Blazing Maple Forest. If they really attracted the Blazing Maple Forest's attack, they would die a horrible death.
The Nirvana Realm creatures that were hiding behind the tree trunks thought that a reckless young man had come. They drifted away as they were afraid of being involved in the fight.
After more than ten breaths, those maple leaves gradually dimmed. The energy fluctuation in the Blazing Maple Forest also gradually calmed down.
Fuxi exhaled before asking, "What are you doing?"
Nuwa had just warned him not to release any energy. Luo Zheng was not that stupid.
"The bloodline is out of control. It has its own energy fluctuation." Luo Zheng also looked helpless.
If the Origin God Blood fluctuated wildly, he would definitely die.
Fortunately, after the slight fluctuation, the Origin God Blood also calmed down and stopped causing trouble. Then, the three of them continued to go deeper into the Blazing Maple Forest.
"This Blazing Maple Forest is distributed in strips in the western part of the Tai Qing Heaven. It extends all the way up to the God River. Elder Ying and Donghuang are trapped under the God River," Nuwa said to Luo Zheng.
Previously, Luo Zheng did not have the qualifications to enter the 33 Heavens. They also did not explain the situation of Elder Ying and Donghuang in detail.
The God River was a river that ran through the Tai Qing Heaven. It was said that the source of the river was the Jade Clear Heaven. It ran through the Shangqing Heaven and extended all the way to the outermost Tai Qing Heaven. It was a very mysterious river.
Regardless of whether it was the Sempiternal Realm or the Nirvana Realm living beings, they were all very interested in this river. They had gained quite a lot from the divine river as well. There were often strange and bizarre things that came rushing down from the Shangqing Heaven and even the Yuqing Heaven. These people had been in the river for a long time!
The things in the river would be badly battered.
Of course, this river was also extremely dangerous. Since ancient times, countless creatures had died in it.
"Trapped under the God River … were they chased in?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes. At that time, it was Min Hu of the Minyue Clan who set up the trap and lured Donghuang into it. Later on, Elder Ying was eager to save people and was also implicated," Fuxi said.
"Are they unable to escape from the Divine River or leave the other shore?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Nuwa thought for a moment before saying, "The situation is more complicated than you think. You will understand when we reach the Divine River."
Luo Zheng asked no more and followed Nuwa and Fuxi through the Blazing Maple Forest.
The Blaze Maple Forest was extremely vast, and it was almost impossible to determine the direction after entering it. However, Fuxi seemed to be very familiar with the Blaze Maple Forest. Every time he walked a certain distance, he would take out the Eight Trigrams Plate and quickly determine the direction before continuing on his way.
Four hours later, Fuxi suddenly stopped under three towering Blazing Maple Trees. Nuwa said to Luo Zheng, "Wait for a moment." With that, she left the other side.
In less than the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, Nuwa came back. Not far from the tree, a shadow quietly appeared. It was a big Eared Mouse. It was the Heaven Winning Mouse King of the Eared Mouse Clan.
"Senior Heaven Winning Mouse King." Luo Zheng bowed to it.
"No need to be so courteous. If there is a need for me, I will do my best," the Heaven Winning Mouse King quickly said.
This time, Luo Zheng swallowed the Chaos Ancient God "Kong" alive. This shocked the Heaven Winning Mouse King greatly. If not for Luo Zheng's help at the crucial moment, he and his subordinates would have died without a burial ground.
"What's the situation in the Blaze Maple Forest now?" Fuxi asked.
Only the Heaven Winning Mouse King of the Eared Mouse Clan had entered the Three Pure Heaven. However, as a member of the Eared Mouse Clan, Heaven Winning Mouse King still had a natural advantage in collecting information.
"Previously, many people were evacuated. However, recently, the Elemental Spirit Civilization has sent more people to monitor," the Heaven Winning Mouse King said.
Fuxi frowned slightly. "Did they expect that we would want to rescue them?"
"Possibly." The Heaven Winning Mouse King nodded.
As a disciple of the Heavenly Palace, Luo Zheng had to rescue Donghuang Taiyi after entering the Three Pure Heaven. The Elemental Spirit Civilization was very clear about this. During this time, they had also sent more people to guard the end of the Blaze Maple Forest.
"Is there a way to go around them?" Nuwa asked.
"It's very difficult." The Heaven Winning Mouse King shook his head. "They've been waiting on the river. We can only sneak through the Divine River. However, it's very difficult to not be discovered."
"Bring us there," Nuwa said seriously.
After passing through the dense Blaze Maple Forest for a distance, the sound of water ripples constantly came from afar. Soon, the Divine River appeared in front of Luo Zheng. Looking at the sparkling green water, Luo Zheng suddenly understood that this Divine River flowed like Fandu Heaven.
It was Soul-Avoiding Water. However, the Soul-Avoiding Water here was much denser.
Donghuang and Elder Ying were trapped in the Divine River. They were probably also soaked in the Soul-Avoiding Water. Naturally, they couldn't leave …
"Ha!"
"Whoosh!"
"Kill him, kill him, and that piece of gold and silver bone will be yours!"
There was a clamor in the distance.
When Luo Zheng and the others got closer, they saw that in an open space in the Blaze Maple Forest, two behemoths about thirty to forty feet tall were attacking each other. Their fists hit the flesh and went straight for the vital parts. The surrounding air was constantly surging.
"They are …" Luo Zheng was astonished.
"Fight." Nuwa smiled and said, "Whoever wins will be able to take the gold and silver bone."
She pointed to one side of the open space. There was a square stone platform. On the stone platform was a gold and silver bone. This bone was most likely fished out from the Divine River.
If there was a conflict during the process of fishing it out, it would need to be resolved by hand-to-hand combat.
Whoever won would take the gold bone.
"That's not the point … I want to say that we are still in the Blaze Maple Forest. Aren't we not allowed to fight?" Luo Zheng was a little confused.
"We can't use energy." Fuxi corrected him while swinging his arms. "If we run, walk, and jump in the Blaze Maple Forest, we won't attract the maple leaves' attacks. Similarly, we won't be attacked if we fight with our bodies."
"Bang! Crack! "
At this moment, there was a muffled sound in the distance. One of the behemoths that looked like a wild boar had its neck grabbed by its opponent. With a violent pull, its head was directly separated from its body. Another behemoth stepped on the wild boar's head until it was badly mutilated.
At the same time, they raised their hands toward everyone.
"Wow …"
There was a burst of cheers in the forest. They were already used to this kind of scene.
"So we can fight hand-to-hand …" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"This kind of rule has always been disadvantageous to us humans. There are not many humans who can fight." Fuxi shrugged his shoulders.
If they were lucky in the Divine River and found something good, it would often be snatched away by the Nirvana creatures.
If they couldn't beat the other party in a hand-to-hand combat, everything would be in vain. In contrast, Ji Xuanyuan and Shennong were protected by the Elemental Spirit civilization. Naturally, their situation was much better. After all, there were a considerable number of Nirvana creatures here who listened to the Elemental Spirit civilization.
Please remember the domain name of this book:. Nine Heavens Divine Emperor mobile version reading website:

Chapter 3533
Apex Bag
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
After the winner in the forest killed his opponent, he did not take the gold and silver bones but stood there and waited.
While Luo Zheng was still puzzled, a giant monster appeared from the other side of the stone platform.
The giant monster was twenty feet tall and looked like a human. It had a triangular head and its body surface seemed to be covered with a layer of copper powder. When it stepped, the ground shook slightly. Its pure physical strength was evident.
The triangular monster reached out and grabbed the gold and silver bones on the stone platform. It stuffed them into its mouth and started chewing.
The gold and silver bones were rare items in the Celestial River. Its strength was amazing. Replacing the bones in one's body with this item could greatly improve one's physical body. Now, it was being swallowed by the triangular monster.
"Kacha, kacha …"
As it chewed, the sound of metal clashing could be heard.
The winner of the duel just now turned pale when he saw this scene. However, he did not dare to show any displeasure. Instead, his face was full of smiles. "Have the gold and silver monsters in Jade Clear Sky been slaughtered too much? These gold and silver bones have no toughness and are not tasty at all." The triangular monster smacked his lips and walked towards the winner. He grabbed the winner's arm and raised it to announce, "Only the winner has the right to get it.
Reward! "
Then, he stuffed the remaining one-third of the gold and silver bones to the winner. The winner took the gold and silver bones and smiled reluctantly. Then, he left quietly.
"Are there any disputed items today?" the triangular monster asked.
The forest was silent. In the Blazing Maple Forest, the triangular monster was the absolute overlord.
Whether it was the powerful Nirvana Realm creatures, the Elemental Spirit civilization, or the Wu Kong Clan, they all had to act according to the triangular monster's wishes.
It was not only acting as an arbiter here, but it was also taking from everyone present.
If the winner just now did not take a small piece of gold and silver bones, he would have died here.
"If you have nothing else to do today, don't bother me anymore. Otherwise, I'll teach you a lesson!" the triangular monster raised his bronze fist and said sternly. After that, he left.
After the triangular monster left, the forest became lively again.
"Plop … plop …"
People jumped into the Celestial River one after another to continue fishing tirelessly. There were also people carefully exchanging the treasures from the Celestial River.
After watching for a while, Luo Zheng asked in a low voice, "Who was that huge triangular monster?"
"He Meng Clan," Fuxi said with a frown. When he mentioned this clan, a look of disgust appeared on his face. "The He Meng Clan is very small in number, only about 20 people. Their greatest strength lies in their pure physical strength …"
Physical strength was not worth mentioning in the Three Clear Heavens, but if they used their magic, not many people would be afraid of the He Meng Clan.
But with the Blazing Maple Forest's, no one could do anything.
Their strength. was Translation for Translation Translation Their Is. translation translation Is Translation Translation for Translation Translation: The Is Translation? Translation. Translation: Translation: Translation translation
Luo Translation Not Is Is Translation Translation Translation Translation is Is translation Translation translation translation translation. Translation of Translation.
After half an hour, their bodies and souls will be turned into ashes … "
Because the He Meng Clan did whatever they wanted, there were too many clans that hated them. For example, the Yuan Ling Civilization and the Wu Kong Clan also hated the He Meng Clan to the core. They were just helpless in the Blazing Maple Forest.
How could those powerful beings let go of the opportunity when they finally found it?
In fact, the patriarch of the He Meng Clan walked out of the Blazing Maple Forest because he was tricked.
Since then, no one from the He Meng Clan left the Blazing Maple Forest. Their extortion became even more severe.
"Dong …"
Just as they were talking, a series of heavy footsteps came from behind them.
"Who are you?"
A member of the He Meng Clan appeared behind Luo Zheng and the others.
This member of the He Meng Clan was one size smaller than the previous one, and his aura was much more sinister.
"Squeak! Lord Luo Meng, have you forgotten me? "Rat King Sheng said politely.
The Rat Clan was born to handle relationships with other clans. In addition, they were talented in business and had helped the He Meng Clan bargain many times. This member of the He Meng Clan called Luo Meng had an impression of Rat King Sheng.
"It's you. What are you doing here?" Luo Meng's tone softened slightly.
"I was just about to bring a few friends to the Celestial River. Lord Gui Meng was judging the gold and silver bones just now. It's not convenient for us to go over, so we waited here for a while," Rat King Sheng replied.
"Hmph, hurry up and go over. Remember the rules of these newcomers." Luo Meng waved his hand.
Fuxi and Nuwa were not newcomers, but they were unwilling to stay in the Celestial River. They were very unfamiliar to the He Meng Clan.
After Rat King Sheng brought the three of them to the open space, they immediately attracted the attention of many Nirvana Realm creatures.
There were not many humans near the Celestial River. In addition, the conflict among the humans had not been resolved yet. Naturally, it attracted everyone's attention.
However, most of the Nirvana Realm creatures acted as if it had nothing to do with them. They only glanced around briefly and then focused on their own business.
"Since the He Meng Clan controls this area, how did the Yuan Ling Civilization influence this place?" Luo Zheng lowered his voice and asked.
"In exchange, the Yuan Ling Civilization gave the He Meng Clan some unique benefits," Rat King Sheng said.
"Then aren't the He Meng Clan members the Yuan Ling Civilization's hired thugs?" Luo Zheng looked worried. Rat King Sheng chuckled and said, "How can the He Meng Clan members be so easy to control? Besides, the Yuan Ling Civilization was also involved in killing the previous leader of the He Meng Clan. Here, anyone who wants to make the He Meng Clan work for them will have to pay a huge price.
The He Meng Clan may not keep their promise … "
Just as Rat King Sheng was explaining, waves suddenly appeared on the surface of the Celestial River.
"Splash …"
Countless fist-sized fish suddenly appeared on the green surface of the river.
"It's the Goldbites!"
"Hurry up and go ashore!"
"Otherwise, we'll lose our lives …"
The people on the shore shouted.
When the people who were originally wandering in the Celestial River heard the voices, their expressions changed drastically.
However, this section of the Celestial River was also within the range of the Blazing Maple Forest. They did not dare to use their supernatural powers and could only swim desperately to the sides of the Celestial River.
"Splash splash splash …"
Living beings continuously climbed out of the Celestial River.
However, when the Goldbites in the distance rushed over in groups, there were still a few people in the Celestial River. Everyone only saw a school of small fish with golden scales darting past quickly. Those who were still swimming in the river sank into the water and disappeared without a trace.
Apex School Bag
Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation

Chapter 3534
The golden scales quickly swept across the surface of the river and disappeared without a trace in the blink of an eye.
However, the bloodstains that floated up from the bottom of the river lingered on the surface of the Divine River for a long time.
The aliens on the shore were already used to this scene. The people who had just climbed out of the Divine River actually jumped back into the Divine River.
"Aren't they afraid of those 'Golden Bites'?" Luo Zheng looked at the aliens in the Divine River and asked.
These aliens in the Blaze Maple Forest had very strong physical bodies, but those 'Golden Bites' could dismember them in an instant. It was truly terrifying.
Now that the 'Golden Bites' had just left, they jumped back into the Divine River again. It could be said that they were extremely bold.
"Squeak, the Golden Bites won't turn back. These little golden fishes that devour everything will only come in waves from upstream to downstream. After a wave of Golden Bites, the Divine River will become much safer," Winning Sky Rat King explained.
Not only did the Golden Bites devour the creatures on the shore, but they also killed all kinds of ferocious creatures in the Divine River. Therefore, every time the Golden Bites passed by, the Divine River would become safer. Many people would take this opportunity to fish in the Divine River.
"Then we should take this opportunity to save them quickly?" Luo Zheng asked.
His purpose in coming to the Blaze Maple Forest was to save Donghuang and Elder Ying. Since the two of them were trapped in the Divine River, this was the perfect opportunity.
Winning Sky Rat King's soybean eyes scanned the surroundings and squeaked. "I'll go check it out first!"
After saying that, it quietly walked to the side of the Divine River and quickly dived into the water.
It swam extremely fast in the water. It swam along the Divine River for a distance and reached the other side of the Divine River. After swimming for a while, it finally disappeared from sight …
At the lower reaches of the Divine River, there were more than ten aliens stationed here. They were ordered to capture Donghuang Taiyi and Elder Ying.
Of course, this was just an excuse to the outside world.
At that time, if Jinwu wanted to attack Taiyi Heavenly Palace, the first step was to kill Elder Ying and Donghuang.
Killing two Immortal Realm experts in the Nirvana Realm was naturally many times easier than in the Chaos Realm.
Therefore, Ji Xuanyuan sought the help of the Elemental Spirit Civilization. First, he had Min Hu lure the East Sovereign and then kill him in the Divine River. He never thought that the East Sovereign would actually hide in the complicated underground river at the bottom of the Divine River.
Although the two of them managed to escape by hiding in the underground river, they couldn't return to the heavenly palace because they were soaked in the Soul Avoiding Water. Ji Xuanyuan and Shennong's goal could be considered to have been achieved. Then, the Golden Crows attacked the Great Yi Heavenly Palace at lightning speed.
Taking down the Heavenly Palace should have been in the bag, and Li Shan would not have been able to provide assistance in time.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would appear and release another Eastern Emperor, completely reversing the situation.
After the failure of Jinwu, Donghuang and Old Ying had lost their value.
The Yuan Ling civilization didn't even put Fuxi and Nuwa in their eyes, let alone the two Sempiternal realm experts, Donghuang and Elder Ying.
As a result, only three of them were left to guard the lower reaches of the river, while the others were transferred away one after another.
After the battle of Li Shan, the Yuan Ling civilization stationed people here one after another. Their purpose was naturally not to capture Donghuang and Elder Ying, but to capture Luo Zheng.
The Blazing Maple Forest wasn't the territory of the Yuan Ling civilization, so they could only arrange a limited number of spies. In addition, the Heaven Winning Rat King had always been extremely cautious, so it didn't attract any attention along the way. But when it was chased into the forest by the He Meng people, it was naturally noticed.
The people in the heart saw it.
A Fish Marten with long fur rushed over and said to the dozen or so aliens, "Human beings have appeared."
The leader of the dozen or so aliens was called Hou Ku. He was fifty feet tall and had thick green skin. He looked like a savage ancient beast with a low intelligence but great strength.
"Human beings? Are you Ji Xuanyuan and Shennong? "Hou Ku asked.
There was a hint of elegance and calmness in his voice, which didn't match his monster-like body.
This Terror Roar could be considered a tyrant of the Grand Clear Heaven. After it had been defeated by Mu Ling in its early years, it had willingly followed Mu Ling. This time, Mu Ling had sent Terror Roar in the hopes that it would personally capture Luo Zheng.
Hou Ku also promised Mu Ling that as long as Luo Zheng appeared in the Blazing Maple Forest, he wouldn't allow him to leave alive.
"I'm familiar with Ji Xuanyuan and Shennong's auras," the Fish Marten answered. "But those people's auras are very unfamiliar."
Upon hearing this, Hou Ku's eyes flashed.
There were very few Immortal Realm experts in the human race now. After eliminating Ji Xuanyuan and Shennong, there were only a few left in Li Shan!
"The prey has appeared." Hou Ku suddenly stood up and said to the people beside him, "The three of you continue to guard this place. The rest of you, follow me!"
Howl of Terror led seven or eight Outsiders towards the clearing in an aggressive manner.
A small black head appeared on the surface of the Divine River. It was the Heaven Winning Rat King. It had just arrived when it saw this scene. Shocked, it dived back into the Divine River and swam upstream.
Previously, the Heaven Winning Rat King had been swimming downstream very quickly. Now that it was swimming upstream, it was naturally slower. At the very least, it wasn't as fast as Hou Ku and the others.
However, the Divine River was funnel-shaped here, so Hou Ku and the others had to travel a little further.
Seeing that Hou Ku and the others were about to enter the forest clearing, the Heaven Winning Rat King stuck its head out of the river and shouted, "Lady Nuwa, Fuxi, Luo Zheng, hurry up and leave this place. They're coming!"
Luo Zheng, Fuxi, and Nuwa's expressions darkened slightly when they heard the Heaven Winning Rat King's warning.
The three of them lowered their heads and hurried away. Suddenly, three enormous creatures appeared in front of them, blocking their path. They were three members of the He Meng Race, and the one leading them was none other than Luo Meng.
Luo Meng chuckled. "I forgot. That guy from the Elemental Spirit Race told me that I'll reward you handsomely if I catch you guys!"
Most of the good things in the Sanqing Heaven had fallen into the hands of the Elemental Spirit Civilization. The Elemental Spirit Civilization would basically honor their promises. Even though the He Meng Race and the Elemental Spirit Civilization had quite a bit of enmity, they would still cooperate for the sake of benefits.
"Retreat to the other shore! Retreat to the other shore immediately … "
Seeing that the three of them were forced into a dead end, the Heaven Winning Rat King shouted from the Divine River again.
At this critical moment, Luo Zheng, Nuwa, and Fuxi had no choice but to chant the Illusion Breaking Spell at the same time. Their bodies blurred, and they retreated to the other shore.
The Illusion Breaking Spell was also a type of energy. When the Blazing Maple Forest sensed this energy, it immediately reacted. Flashes of maple leaves fluttered over, but the three of them had already disappeared from the other shore. The maple leaves exploded, but they couldn't hurt them.
Luo Meng was furious when he saw his prey escaping from the other shore. "Catch that damned rat for me!"
Howl of Terror also saw Luo Zheng, Fuxi, and Nuwa fleeing. His expression was calm, and he secretly made a hand gesture. Behind him, three members of the alien race jumped into the Divine River to catch the Heaven Winning Rat King.
Howl of Terror himself went to the place where Luo Zheng, Nuwa, and Fuxi had disappeared. He was deep in thought.
The Mother World had a way to forcibly drag people from the Chaos back. Back then, Concubine Yan had planned to do this to Feng Ge, but she didn't succeed.
However, the Sanqing Heaven had a way to forcibly drag people from the Chaos back to the other shore.
Please remember the domain name of this book: Nine Heavens Divine Emperor Mobile Edition Website:

Chapter 3535
On Deep Mist Peak, Luo Zheng, Nuwa, and Fuxi opened their eyes almost at the same time.
No one spoke at first, and the atmosphere was unusually cold.
If they found a secret place to leave the other shore, they would be considered to have truly escaped danger.
If they left the other shore in front of everyone, they would probably never be able to return. The Elemental Spirit Civilization would probably guard the Blaze Maple Forest until the end of time.
However, under such circumstances, they had almost no choice but to leave first.
"The Heavenly Rat King is in the God River. He can't leave the other shore," Nuwa said seriously.
"Let's go and take a look!" Fuxi suddenly stood up.
Swish, swish!
Seeing the two turn into a beam of light and fly away, Luo Zheng did not hesitate and followed closely behind.
This time, the Heavenly Rat King was the one who guided them to the Blaze Maple Forest. He did not expect the Heavenly Rat King to be careless and cause such a huge mess!
On another peak, Di Wu and a few other Eared Rats were guarding. The Heavenly Rat King still maintained his original posture and looked normal.
Di Wu cupped his hands towards Fuxi and said, "Sir Human Emperor, the Rat King is in seclusion at the other shore. Please …"
"I know." Fuxi shook his head. "We were together just now. Now, the Heavenly Rat King can't escape."
Once this was said, Di Wu and the other Eared Rats' expressions changed drastically.
They had heard of how dangerous the Three-Pure Heaven was. Now that Fuxi and Nuwa were forced to leave the other shore, how could the Heavenly Rat King be in a good situation?
"What happened to the Rat King?"
"Something big happened in the Grand Clear Heaven?"
"It can't leave the other shore?"
The Eared Rats hurriedly asked.
Nuwa sized up the Heavenly Rat King and then said, "It's not a big problem. It shouldn't be caught yet!"
Whoosh, whoosh!
Seeing a few alien races jump into the God River, the Heavenly Rat King quickly changed its direction and swam towards one side of the God River.
It could not leave the other shore now, and there was no way out if it swam to both sides of the God River. It actually thought of the same method as the East Sovereign, which was to hide in the undercurrent on one side of the God River!
As for what to do in the future, it did not have the time to think about it now.
However, when the Heavenly Rat King swam a hundred feet, its eyes were filled with despair.
In the other direction, another dozen or so aliens were coming to surround him.
The Elemental Spirit civilization didn't have that many people left behind in Blazing Maple Forest. It was obvious that Terrorhowl had bribed these people to capture him.
So long as the price was sufficient, these Xeno-race people that lived in Blaze Maple Forest all year round would make a move. Not to mention that capturing him was as easy as lifting a finger!
Soon, the Heavenly Winning Rat King was carried to the empty space in the forest.
After observing the place where Luo Zheng, Fuxi, and the other two disappeared, Terrified Roar turned around and walked towards the Heavenly Rat King. He stretched out his thick fingers and placed them on the Heavenly Rat King's head.
A single finger of Terrified Roar was bigger than the head of the Heaven Winning Rat King.
"Do they care about your life?" Terrified Roar asked.
"I don't care." Heaven Winning Rat King gritted his teeth and said.
"Very well, you can die now," Terrorroar said as his finger was about to press down.
The Heaven Winning Rat King hurriedly said, "I do, I do!"
It is afraid of death after all.
"You can send messages?" Terrified Roar asked.
Victorious Sky Rat King's eyes lit up. He thought that Terror Roar would let him leave the other side. "When the Soul-Avoiding Water loses its effect, I will naturally be able to leave. I will be able to pass your words to them!"
"That's not what I meant," Terrified Roar shook his head. "Are they with you? Can they see you?"
The Heaven Winning Rat King didn't know what Terrified Roar wanted to do. He hesitated for a moment before saying, "They should be able to!"
"Very good." A smile appeared on Terror Roar's face. He lifted his thick fingers and revealed his sharp nails. He began to write on the Victorious Heavenly Rat King's body. The Victorious Heavenly Rat King's complete fur was instantly covered in deep bloody marks.
At the same time …
A bloody mark also appeared on the Heaven Winning Rat King's body in Li Mountain.
The bloody mark continued to extend and turned into a word. Then, it turned into a bloody sentence: You can see it, right?
When Luo Zheng, Nuwa, Fuxi, Di Wu, and the others saw these words, their faces turned gloomy. The Heaven Winning Rat King had already fallen into their hands.
"Return to the other side and follow me to meet Lord Mu Ling. He can give you what you want!"
This line of words extended from the Winning Heavenly Rat King's head all the way to its chest, and then to its back. The Winning Heavenly Rat King was small, and with the addition of Terror Roar's thick fingers, the line of bloody words quickly covered the Winning Heavenly Rat King's entire body.
When there was no place to write, Terrified Roar threw the Heaven Winning Rat King aside as if he was throwing away garbage. He turned around and looked at the place where Luo Zheng, Fuxi, and Nuwa disappeared.
Lord Mu Ling hoped that Terrified Roar could capture Luo Zheng. If he couldn't capture him, he could choose to kill him. Therefore, Terrified Roar's first step was to persuade him.
After half an hour, Luo Zheng still didn't plan to return to the other side. Terrified Roar narrowed his eyes. Then, he drew a bloody line on his arm and pulled hard. His left arm was forcibly torn off.
Although his left arm was separated from his body, it was still under his control.
The aliens who followed Terrified Roar all knew what he wanted to do. They hurriedly retreated. Not far away, the three people from the He Meng Tribe looked on coldly.
"Buzz!"
The palm of his severed left arm suddenly glowed. An orange light started to gather. At the same time, Terrified Roar grabbed his left arm and pulled it into the void.
Fuxi, who was in Mount Li, suddenly felt the world spinning. He realized that he had returned to the other side!
Before Fuxi could react, Terrified Roar pulled Fuxi to the side.
"Hua!"
The aliens at the side had already prepared the Soul Repelling Water and splashed it all over Fuxi.
At the same time, maple leaves floated over and stuck to Terrified Roar's severed left arm.
"Boom! Boom! Boom!
Boom! "The maple leaves exploded and turned Terrified Roar's left arm into dust.
"Did I capture the wrong person? Don't worry, one by one. "Terrified Roar had a gentle smile on his meaty face. He looked very awkward.
His shoulder shook slightly, and a brand new arm grew out again.
Terrified Roar also liked to strengthen his body. However, he couldn't control himself in the Blaze Maple Forest. Therefore, he specially left his left arm to capture people. This new left arm was also much weaker.
In Mount Li, Luo Zheng and Nuwa didn't know what had happened. Fuxi had mysteriously lost consciousness and was lying on the ground.
It wasn't until Fuxi's chest started to have the same handwriting as the Heaven Winning Rat King's did they realize that Fuxi had been pulled back to the other side!
"You can't escape. You are next!"
Seeing this line of words, Nuwa and Luo Zheng's faces were filled with panic.
They had never heard of anyone who had the ability to capture people from the Chaotic World and bring them back to the other side. However, Fuxi's situation made them believe it!

Chapter 3536
In the empty space in Blaze Maple Forest, Terror frowned as he looked at Nuwa, who was captured. His expression was not good.
There were certain conditions and errors when he captured creatures from the Chaos World to the other side.
People could not leave the other side for more than three days. After three days, Terror Roar would not be able to see the shadows of those who left the other side. If those who left stood together, he would be randomly captured.
Terror Roar targeted Luo Zheng every time, but he would capture the wrong person every time …
"Buzz buzz …"
A new arm started to grow out from his broken left arm.
Previously, the two broken arms grew very quickly, but after "sacrificing" two arms, the speed of the third arm's growth decreased greatly.
However, although Terror Roar was a little depressed, he was not anxious. Luo Zheng was the last person. The next capture would definitely pull Luo Zheng back to the other side. He had enough time to complete all of this.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and Ear Mouse were all captured. After the three exchanged glances, their eyes dimmed.
They had survived the war with Elemental Spirit Civilization and Wu Kong Clan, but the Blaze Maple Forest was in such a passive situation!
If Luo Zheng was captured to the other side, he was destined to be a fish on the chopping board …
In the Chaos World, Luo Zheng's expression was unprecedentedly serious.
"Lord Luo Zheng, what do we do now?"
"Are the emperor and Lady Nuwa really being pulled to the other side?"
"I'm afraid the next step is to pull Luo Zheng to the other side. You should think of a way to escape, buzz buzz buzz …"
The few Eared Mice and Ground Enlightenment were anxiously giving advice.
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes at them. He felt helpless. If he could escape, he would have done so long ago.
Although he did not know what method the other party used to pull Fuxi and Nuwa in, he should have used them to escape to the other side. Under the situation where he could not enter the other side, he could not change his position.
Looking at the situation, the next one would be him …
What to do …
Yuanshi Tianzun was also silent. He was also thinking of a way to break out of this situation. However, he could not use his powers in Blaze Maple Forest. No matter how much he thought, it was useless.
"If I can't use my powers, I can only fight with my body. That requires more power and a stronger body …"
"Pu!"
At this moment, blood began to spurt out from Nuwa's back. Bloody words began to appear on Nuwa's snow-white back.
"You're lucky. You'll be the last one. Are you ready?"
Ear Mouse and Luo Zheng stared at the string of words with gloomy faces. This was a bloody mockery.
"A stronger body and strength …" Luo Zheng raised his hands and looked around.
The Origin Bloodline could change the shape of Luo Zheng's body, and could also bestow him with terrifying power. However, the Origin Bloodline was extremely stingy. It would only be willing to strengthen itself when it was on the verge of death.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to persuade the Origin God Blood, Luo Zheng suddenly felt his body become scalding hot. Along with the fluctuations of the Origin God Blood, his body began to undergo significant changes.
His body grew to forty to fifty feet in an instant, and the muscles on his chest were like coiling dragons. The change in his bones was even greater. His arms originally had only one tibia, but under the strengthening of his fleshly body, there were six additional small tibia bones.
The additional tibia bones were attached to each other, forming an even more complicated but extremely sturdy skeletal system.
At the same time as his body changed, his aura also changed quite a bit. The Saint Soul Realm Ear Mice, including Di Wu, all had looks of fear in their eyes.
Although they knew that this was Luo Zheng and knew that Luo Zheng had the ability to transform, they still couldn't control the fear in their hearts.
Abundant power and a powerful body also changed Luo Zheng's state of mind …
At this moment, he actually had a strong urge to fight!
The fear from before disappeared without a trace, replaced by anticipation. He was waiting for that guy to pull him to the other side!
In the empty space in the forest, many outsiders were waiting by the side.
Fear's new left arm was still slowly growing. As the new arm slowly grew, the despair in Nuwa's, Fuxi's, and the Heaven Winning Rat King's eyes became more and more intense.
Not long after, the left arm was finally fully grown. Fear cut another bloody wound on his arm and chopped it off.
"Buzz!"
As the palm of the severed arm glowed, Fear grabbed the severed arm into the void.
The moment the severed arm touched the void, it grabbed onto something …
"Got it!"
Fear's lips curled up. This time, it wouldn't be wrong.
As Fear pulled, Luo Zheng was pulled to the other side.
Whether it was Fear, Fuxi, Nuwa, or the people of He Meng who were watching from the side, they all expected an ordinary Immortal Realm human to be pulled in.
However, what suddenly appeared was not a human, but a fifteen-meter-tall monster!
When Fuxi suddenly saw this tall figure, he instinctively thought that Luo Zheng had activated the Rage God's body. However, the Rage God's power was still within the category of energy, so it would be attacked by the Blazing Maple Forest …
However, when he saw Luo Zheng's completely changed appearance, Fuxi realized that Luo Zheng's bloodline must have taken effect!
Nuwa and the Heaven Winning Rat King's eyes shone with hope. They had experienced how powerful Luo Zheng's bloodline was before!
"I heard that you were waiting for me?" Luo Zheng looked down at Fear.
"You are …"
Initially, Terror looked confident, but facing the tall Luo Zheng, there was a trace of panic in his voice.
The aliens behind Fear were even more terrified. One of them, who was holding a basin of Soul-Avoiding Water, didn't dare to splash it on Luo Zheng!
Luo Meng from He Meng Clan stared at Luo Zheng while his bronze-colored face twisted.
The Yuan Ling civilization had paid a heavy price to allow the He Meng people to do whatever they wanted here. They only turned a blind eye to it.
However, the "human" that Fear pulled to the other side made Luo Meng feel threatened. He hadn't felt this way for a long time, and it made him very unhappy.
"I am Luo Zheng," Luo Zheng replied.
"You … How did you become like this?" Fear was in disbelief.
"You only need to know the consequences of provoking me," Luo Zheng smiled.
"What consequences …"
"Crack!"
Before Fear could finish his sentence, Luo Zheng grabbed Fear's shoulder with one hand and his face with the other.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's sturdy legs suddenly stomped on the ground, and two large pits were created by his heels.
"Crack!"
The next moment, everyone saw Terror Roar being pushed onto the largest Blazing Maple Tree by Luo Zheng. The Blazing Maple Tree was hit by the force and maple leaves kept falling down. However, these maple leaves did not shine or explode.
"Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom …"
Then, everyone saw Luo Zheng's hands turning into countless shadows of fists. Every shadow of fists exploded on Fear's body, causing a cloud of blood mist to burst out.
After about ten breaths, Fear's strong body had turned into a thin layer and was plastered to the Blazing Maple tree. There was no part of his body that was intact.
Luo Zheng turned around and said, "The consequences are death." Of course, he wasn't talking to the dead Fear.
Please remember the domain name of this book: Nine Heavens Divine Emperor Mobile Version Website:

Chapter 3537
As one of the tyrants of Tai Qing Heaven, Howl of Terror's physical strength was not to be underestimated.
Especially in terms of physical strength, he was no weaker than the weaker ones in the He Meng Clan.
However, Howl of Terror died on the Blazing Maple Tree before he could even resist.
Everyone present did not expect this. The aliens who followed Howl of Terror all opened their mouths wide and looked at the bloody mess on the Blazing Maple Tree.
He was so powerful that he could even resist the Howl of Terror of the He Meng Tribe. How could he die just like that?
When these aliens looked at Luo Zheng again, the horror in their eyes was even more intense.
Luo Zheng turned to look at the Heaven-Winning Rat King, Fuxi, and Nuwa, who were still being held captive by the three aliens.
The three aliens were still immersed in great shock and had yet to recover from their shock. When they saw Luo Zheng looking at them, the three of them trembled as if they had been electrocuted, turned around, and jumped into the divine river behind them.
"Plop, plop …"
Along with the sound of falling into the water, these aliens quickly fled downstream of the Divine River.
There were other creatures of the Nirvana Realm in the forest. Most of them were neutral, but a few of them were closely related to the Wu Kong Tribe.
Now it was a conflict between Luo Zheng and the Elemental Spirit Civilization. These creatures of the Nirvana Realm did not care and were happy to watch the show.
"Interesting …"
"This guy's strength is enough to challenge the He Meng Tribe?"
"Humph, he might be able to deal with the ordinary He Meng Tribe. But if that person attacks, this guy will be trampled into pieces. Don't daydream!"
The creatures of the Nirvana Realm whispered.
They lived in the Divine River and were oppressed by the He Meng Tribe everywhere.
They had endured for so many years but could not do anything to the He Meng Tribe. One could imagine the grievance in their hearts.
Now that Luo Zheng had shown the power, some of the creatures of the Nirvana Realm saw a glimmer of hope. But when someone mentioned "that person", the light of hope in their eyes quickly dissipated.
"That person" of the He Meng Tribe was too powerful. No one could be his match, at least not in Tai Qing Heaven …
Nuwa's palm flashed with a pale green light. Wherever the light touched, the bloody words on the surface of her body were quickly repaired.
For the likes of Nuwa and Fuxi, these superficial wounds were nothing but a piece of cake.
After the three of them were healed, Luo Zheng suggested, "Let's go straight downstream. Those guys shouldn't dare to stop us."
When Horrified Roar came over, he left behind a few aliens to guard the area. Those aliens were definitely not Luo Zheng's match. With Luo Zheng's current strength, there was no need for him to be sneaky. He could just kill his way over.
However, when Luo Zheng was about to take action, the three men from the He Meng Clan, who had been watching the show, stood out. Their leader, Luo Meng, blocked Luo Zheng's way.
Although Luo Zheng's huge body gave Luo Meng a strong sense of oppression, Luo Meng was not afraid at all.
This was the territory of the He Meng Clan, and everything had to depend on the breath of the He Meng Clan to survive. Although the young man in front of him had easily dealt with the Terror Howl, the He Meng Clan still didn't take him seriously.
"What do you mean?" Luo Zheng looked down at Luo Meng.
"Your Excellency has killed people in our territory. Are you planning to leave openly?" Luo Meng asked.
"I didn't kill any of your men." Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. "What's more, this is not your territory."
Hearing his words, the aliens in the clearing agreed with him. At the same time, they felt very happy. The Blazing Maple Forest was a shelter in the Three Pure Heaven, and the He Meng Clan had occupied this place with the advantage of their racial talent.
The aliens were very dissatisfied, but they didn't dare to resist.
Luo Zheng's words touched the taboo of the He Meng Clan. The faces of the three men from the He Meng Clan were immediately covered with a layer of frost, especially Luo Meng, whose eyes were filled with strong killing intent.
If it were an ordinary creature from the Nirvana Realm, Luo Meng would have pressed him to the ground and crushed him into pieces.
However, Luo Zheng had just killed the Terror Howl and showed his terrifying strength, which made Luo Meng afraid. Luo Meng just smiled gloomily and said, "You'll regret it!"
How could Luo Zheng listen to Luo Meng's threat?
He took a step forward and pushed Luo Meng's sturdy and heavy body away. Then, he left with Nuwa, Fuxi, and the Winning Sky Rat King.
Nuwa and Fuxi were still fine because they rarely moved in the Blazing Maple Forest.
However, the Winning Sky Rat King stayed in the Blazing Maple Forest for a long time. In order to build a good relationship with the creatures from the Nirvana Realm, he had always been sullen. Now that he followed behind Luo Zheng, although he was suspected to be a fox assuming the majesty of the tiger, he felt unprecedentedly proud.
In the lower reaches of the Divine River, the water flow became more turbulent. From time to time, huge whirlpools appeared and disappeared quickly.
When Luo Zheng arrived, the creatures that the Terror Howl had arranged to stay here had already escaped.
"Donghuang and Elder Gall are in the underground river at the bottom," the Winning Sky Rat King said. "This area of the Divine River is very dangerous. These underground rivers are complicated and there are some unknown monsters inside. It's very dangerous, and ordinary people don't dare to sneak in."
Donghuang was forced to go in, and Elder Gall's situation was similar. However, the two of them seemed to have figured out the rules of the underground river. After staying in the underground river for so long, they did not encounter any accidents.
"This underground river is so complicated, I'm afraid it'll be difficult to find Donghuang. I wonder if Donghuang can come out by himself?" Nuwa asked. "He should be able to. Not long ago, Donghuang came out of the water and wanted to escape. However, those mutated people were guarding the shore so he didn't have a chance," the Winning Sky Rat King said hesitantly. "Now that the mutated people have escaped, Donghuang should be able to come out by himself since he knows the situation on the shore.
However, the problem is how to inform him … "
When the Winning Sky Rat King said this, Fuxi, Nuwa, and Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly. Then, Nuwa smiled and said, "Then we can only wrong Donghuang and Elder Gall."
After the Soul-Avoiding Water on the three of them lost its effect, they left the Nirvana Realm together and rushed to Donghuang and Elder Gall's residence.
Elder Gall and Donghuang's bodies were still intact, and their aura had not declined. This meant that they were not injured on the Nirvana Realm. After releasing Donghuang and Old Ying from the red crystal, Goddess Nvywa reached out two fingers and gently pinched them. Immediately, Goddess Nvywa's Shadow turned into a thin energy needle. After that, Goddess Nvywa held Donghuang and Old Ying's arms and carefully wrote some characters on the needles.
Handwriting.
There were large and small caves at the bottom of the riverbed of the God River. The caves intersected with each other, forming an intricate underground river.
Inside one of the underground rivers, there was a long and narrow cave that only one person could pass through. In the innermost layer of the cave, Donghuang and Elder Gall sat cross-legged, completely soaked in the green Soul-Avoiding Water.
Donghuang, who was meditating with his eyes closed, suddenly felt a tingling pain on his arm. He opened his eyes abruptly and saw a thin handwriting on his arm. The handwriting was still continuing!
Did someone carve words on his body?
Donghuang immediately thought of Concubine Yan.

Chapter 3538
The thin blood lines outlined a clear handwriting, revealing along the arm.
"The people above have been driven away by Luo Zheng, you are safe."
Donghuang looked at the words on his arm, his pupils slightly widened, and his face was full of disbelief.
Luo Zheng?
Entered the 33rd Layer of Heaven?
In Greater One Heavenly Palace, Donghuang met Luo Zheng twice. At that time, Luo Zheng's momentum was unstoppable.
After stepping into the Desire Realm, he led the Human Race to occupy the entire 14th Layer of Heaven!
Donghuang had great expectations for Luo Zheng, and even believed that Luo Zheng might reach the Immortal Realm.
Believing was believing …
How long had it been, and he was already in Greater One Heavenly Palace?
Donghuang stretched out his hand and pushed Elder Ying not far away. When Elder Ying opened his eyes and saw the string of words, his face was full of surprise, and there was a trace of surprise in his surprise.
Soaking in the Soul Avoiding Water for a long time was not a comfortable thing, and this underground river was even more dangerous.
When she was forced into the underground river, not only was she chased by the outsiders, she was also chased by the three "Fanged Sturgeons" in the darkness. If not for the Donghuang finding this passage at the bottom of the underground river, she would have died long ago.
The two had been waiting at the bottom of the underground river. Occasionally, Donghuang would quietly go out to check the situation, but those different races were very patient and did not give them a chance to escape.
The last time Donghuang went up to check the situation, he was attacked by the monsters in the underground river and almost couldn't come back.
These days, the two were a little uneasy.
The only two Immortal Realm experts of Greater One Heavenly Palace were trapped, what would the Heavenly Palace face …
It was very likely that they would die in the mother world before being killed by their opponents in the other side.
They naturally did not know that Greater One Heavenly Palace and even Li Mountain had undergone earth-shaking changes!
Elder Ying took out a thin needle from his gray hair and went straight to Donghuang, intending to write on Donghuang's arm.
Donghuang glared at Elder Ying, realizing that the people in the mother world should focus on him, so he could only let Elder Ying carve on his arm.
"Understood! Coming up! "
In Li Mountain, Nuwa, Fuxi, and Luo Zheng all showed joy on their faces when they saw these two words.
If they could rescue Donghuang and Elder Ying like this, it would be very easy.
The people of Greater One Heavenly Palace were even more ecstatic.
They had brought the entire Celestial Palace's people to Li Mountain, but in the end, they were living under someone else's roof.
Even if they couldn't return to the Center God Province in a short time, Donghuang and Elder Ying's return would strengthen their sense of belonging.
Especially Concubine Yan, whose eyes were brimming with tears.
"Let's go back to the other shore," Luo Zheng said.
Fuxi nodded. "Yes, just in case."
After that, Luo Zheng, Fuxi, Nuwa, and Rat King Sheng Tian entered the Nirvana Realm again and waited by the divine river.
After Donghuang and Elder Ying came out of the narrow passage, they followed the underground river to the left.
Although the underground river here was complicated, Donghuang was very clear about it.
If he wanted to swim out of the underground river, he would have to turn up from two exits. If he missed either one, he would have to swim around aimlessly in the underground river.
"Gulp, gulp …"
After passing through two exits, a strong undercurrent came from an underground river above.
The undercurrent was very strong, and the smaller Nirvana Realm creatures couldn't even stand on it.
Elder Ying and Donghuang were in the Immortal Realm, so their physical bodies weren't too weak. The two of them climbed on the undercurrent and moved forward slowly. After passing through the undercurrent, they would be able to rise to the surface. The two of them couldn't help but speed up.
However, the two of them didn't notice that the words on Donghuang's arm were bleeding.
Donghuang had always been very cautious. If it were any other time, he would definitely heal his wound first. However, now that he knew there was a chance to escape, he actually neglected this detail.
Very little blood was leaking from the wound, but some of the ferocious creatures in the underground river were very sensitive.
From the culvert below the undercurrent, a flat mouth suddenly stretched out, and a dark green tongue stuck out from the mouth full of sharp teeth.
Even though the blood was completely diluted in the Soul-avoiding Water and the physical body couldn't be seen at all, it was still caught by the dark green snake head!
"Swoosh …"
A monster covered in spikes crawled out from the culvert, followed by a second, a third, a fourth …
They lined up in a neat line and swam along the undercurrent.
At this time, Donghuang and Elder Ying had already crawled out of the undercurrent and began to float up.
In a few breaths, Donghuang was already close to the surface of the water. At this time, he gently pressed Elder Ying down and shook his head with a cautious look in his eyes.
The two of them knew nothing about the outside world. What if the one who carved the words on them wasn't from the Heavenly Palace, but someone else?
In contrast, Elder Ying's idea was simpler. If her and Donghuang's physical body really fell into the enemy's hands, the enemy didn't have to go through so much trouble to lure them out. They could just kill them directly.
Donghuang slowly floated to the surface of the water and glanced at the shore vigilantly. When he saw Fuxi, Nuwa, and Rat King Sheng, he was delighted. However, when he saw a huge monster standing next to Fuxi, he was somewhat puzzled.
Who was it?
Didn't they say Luo Zheng was waiting for him? Where did Luo Zheng go?
"Brother Donghuang, you can come up now!" Rat King Sheng said with a smile.
Fuxi also beckoned to Donghuang, while Nuwa asked, "Why don't I see Elder Ying?"
"I'll ask Elder Ying to come up now …"
Donghuang said as he looked into the water. His face suddenly changed, and he plunged into the water.
Elder Ying was still waiting for Donghuang to confirm the situation on the shore. She suddenly saw Donghuang rushing into the water. She had a premonition. She lowered her head and saw a long string of gray things. After careful analysis, she found that this long string of things was not a ferocious creature.
Instead, it was more than ten ferocious creatures connected head to tail!
"Giant Turbid Crocodiles!"
These Giant Turbid Crocodiles rarely acted alone. Every time they attacked, there would be at least a few, or even dozens of them. When they swam, they would stick close to each other as if their heads and tails were connected. From afar, they looked like a huge snake at the bottom of the water.
Giant Turbid Crocodiles were considered the top predators in the underground river. Prey targeted by them could hardly escape. Almost all of them were torn to pieces in a short time and devoured completely.
Elder Ying came back to her senses and quickly swam upstream. However, the Giant Turbid Crocodiles were extremely fast. Elder Ying had just swam a short distance when her leg was bitten by the Giant Turbid Crocodile at the front.
Donghuang, who turned back, also grabbed Elder Ying and dragged her to the surface of the Heavenly River.
Donghuang could still compete with the strength of one Giant Turbid Crocodile. He could drag Elder Ying to the surface of the water.
However, the other Giant Turbid Crocodiles bit the tail of the Giant Turbid Crocodile at the front and dragged it down together. Elder Ying and Donghuang sank together!
The people on the shore didn't know what was going on. Donghuang and Elder Ying didn't get up for a long time. Another burst of bubbles rolled up. Finally, Goddess Nvywa's face changed. "Oh, no. Are they in trouble?"
Luo Zheng did not wait for Nuwa to finish her words. He took a big stride forward and dived into the Heavenly River like a shuttle.

Chapter 3539
Luo Zheng's huge body rushed into the divine river, raising thousands of waves.
Donghuang was still dragging Old Gall under the water. Hearing such a loud noise coming from above, he was startled as well.
However, Donghuang had just seen this huge creature standing together with Fuxi, so he must have come to help!
"Gululu …"
Old Gall's leg was bitten. Blood spread out like red silk.
The ferocious creatures that were originally hiding in the depths of the divine river came out one after another after smelling the scent of blood.
A group of round black caterpillars came out of the muddy mud …
In the distance, a black dragon mastiff came out of the darkness. Its black shell reflected light. This dragon mastiff didn't move in groups like the giant muddy crocodiles, but it was much more powerful individually.
In a cave on the left side of the river, a layer of sand cover used for camouflage was suddenly opened. Two palm-sized fishes came out.
These two fishes looked ordinary, but in fact, they were overlords in the divine river. Ordinary monsters were their food. They were called spirit mermaids and mermen.
When these two spirit mermaids and mermen appeared, all the other monsters in the divine river quietly retreated. Nobody wanted to provoke these two little things.
Seeing that he couldn't drag Old Gall out, Donghuang hurriedly made a hand gesture to Old Gall, pointing at Old Gall's leg.
Old Gall certainly knew what Donghuang meant. Once he was dragged down, he would be doomed eternally.
She gritted her teeth and took out a dark green monk's knife from her sleeve. This was a weapon that accompanied her on the other side. She didn't expect it to cut her own leg now.
"Gululu …"
Along with a burst of blood-red bubbles, Old Gall cut off his left leg. Under the drag of Donghuang, the two of them quickly floated up again.
But how could those giant muddy crocodiles give up their prey?
They didn't stay in a neat formation anymore. Instead, they scattered and swallowed Old Gall's broken leg, then rushed towards Old Gall and Donghuang.
Right at this moment, Luo Zheng finally arrived.
He reached out his fan-like hands, clasped Donghuang and Old Gall's shoulders, then pulled them up.
"Splash …"
Donghuang and Old Gall rose up several times faster, while Luo Zheng sank down quickly.
Luo Zheng took advantage of the sinking momentum and stretched out his hands toward the giant crocodiles.
The ferocious creatures that hunted in the Divine River were all survivors of life and death battles. Not only were they powerful, but they were also very sensitive to danger.
Feeling Luo Zheng's terrifying pressure, these Giant Turbid Crocodiles instinctively wanted to avoid it. Almost all of the Giant Turbid Crocodiles stopped their charge and wanted to turn around and leave.
However, the first few Giant Turbid Crocodiles didn't even have time to escape before they fell into Luo Zheng's hands!
Luo Zheng grabbed the Giant Turbid Crocodile's head. With just a light squeeze, the Giant Turbid Crocodile's long and narrow head was crushed. How could it still be alive?
After killing four Giant Turbid Crocodiles in a row, the remaining Giant Turbid Crocodiles turned around and fled, returning to the underground river through the caves at the bottom of the river. Luo Zheng didn't plan to chase after these Giant Turbid Crocodiles, so he let them escape. Just as he looked up, he saw two palm-sized fish swimming quickly in the distance, like two sharp arrows shot from the bottom of the water, shooting toward Donghuang.
。
"Gululu, gululu …"
Two strings of bubbles flashed across, then two fist-sized holes appeared on Donghuang's body!
When Donghuang realized that his body had been penetrated, the two small fish had already reached hundreds of feet away!
"So fast …" Luo Zheng's eyes showed a cautious look.
The resistance of the Soul-Avoiding Water was great. Anything in the Divine River would be slowed down by countless times. However, it seemed to have no effect on these two small fish at all. They were terrifyingly fast!
"They're spirit mermaids and mermen …"
Donghuang had been hiding in the underground river for a long time. Of course, he recognized these two small fish.
He knew that he couldn't defeat them, so he endured the great pain and kept floating up with Old Gall.
Blood flowed out from one side of Donghuang's stomach, but it wasn't a fatal wound anyway.
The two spirit mermaids and mermen had just turned around, then turned into two sharp arrows again, leaving a long string of white bubbles behind.
"Gululu, gululu …"
This time, the two spirit mermaids and mermen left fist-sized holes on the bodies of Donghuang and Old Gall respectively. Facing these two small fish, they couldn't dodge or defend themselves at all.
When the two spirit mermaids and mermen turned around and prepared to launch the third attack, Luo Zheng's body suddenly quaked intensely in the water. Large amounts of bubbles rose from his body, which caught the attention of the spirit mermaids and mermen.
Luo Zheng made a hand gesture to the two spirit mermaids and mermen, which was a direct provocation.
These two spirit mermaids and mermen were highly intelligent. They had always been the kings of this area, taking all the lives in the upper and lower reaches of the Divine River. They didn't even take the River Meng people on the shore seriously.
Spirit mermaids and mermen saw the Divine River as their territory. How could they possibly tolerate Luo Zheng's provocation?
The two spirit mermaids and mermen turned around simultaneously and swished straight down, leaving a string of fine bubbles behind them!
Seeing this, Donghuang was shocked as well. He didn't think that the gigantic non-humankind being would sacrifice himself to draw the spirit mermaids and mermen away! He hesitated a bit, wanting to go down and help that 'non-humankind being'.
However, Elder Ying, who floated up, grabbed him and dragged Donghuang up instead.
In the Divine River, their powers were close to zero. Therefore, they shouldn't cause any trouble for that 'non-humankind being'.
Splash! Splash!
Both of them came out of the water and swam to the shore.
Fuxi and Nuwa helped them up to the shore, then treated their wounds to stop the bleeding. This place was still within the Blazing Maple Forest. Therefore, Nuwa dared not to use her magic to heal her wounds.
"That guy in the water was attacked by two spirit mermaids and mermen. I don't know which clan he is from. How did you find such a powerful helper?" asked Donghuang.
"Which clan?" Fuxi and Nuwa glanced at each other.
Heaven Winning Rat King reacted first. He grinned and said, "Squeak, that's Luo Zheng from your Heaven Palace."
"Luo Zheng?"
Donghuang stood up abruptly. The wounds that Nuwa had just bandaged immediately burst open.
Just now, he was going to ask where Luo Zheng was. But how could he know that the gigantic being in the Divine River was Luo Zheng?
Luo Zheng was facing two spirit mermaids and mermen alone. He might not be able to survive …
However, Nuwa pushed Donghuang back and said blandly, "Don't worry. He's fine."
"Those spirit mermaids and mermen are …"
Donghuang thought that they didn't know how powerful spirit mermaids and mermen were, so he wanted to explain. However, seeing Nuwa, Fuxi and Heaven Winning Rat King all look relaxed, Donghuang suddenly realized that Luo Zheng might have already gone beyond his imagination.
Elder Ying, who had a broken leg, smiled and said, "I wonder how powerful this kid has become after entering the Immortal stage."
"Hua!"
Along with a series of water sounds, Luo Zheng floated up to the surface of the Divine River.
The others turned around and saw Luo Zheng holding two lively little fish in his hands. Those were the two spirit mermaids and mermen.
The two spirit mermaids and mermen struggled as hard as they could, but failed to escape from Luo Zheng's hands. They could only let Luo Zheng bring them up to the shore!
"Donghuang! Elder Ying! "
Luo Zheng came up to the shore and bowed to Elder Ying and Nuwa.
"You, you're really Luo Zheng?" Donghuang looked at the two pitiful spirit mermaids and mermen, then looked at Luo Zheng, who had a relaxed face. He couldn't believe it.