Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(new)
Vol.9

Chapter 3205
The other King Monkey sat motionless on their horses, looking down with playful eyes.
The strength of Thanos was also one of the best in their line of work. This stick was enough to smash that kid into meat paste!
When those Bug Masters saw Thanos jump down, they were frightened and quickly scattered in all directions. The old Bug Master advised, "Benefactor, quickly, quickly leave …"
The Bug Master actually came forward and planned to push Luo Zheng away and bear the blow himself.
However, all the Bug Masters were very clear that no matter what they did, this human man and woman would undoubtedly die.
Luo Zheng supported the Bug Master, and at the same time, stretched out his hand to grab above.
Thanos saw Luo Zheng grabbing his double-pointed long stick with his bare hands, and his face showed a mocking expression. He had determined that Luo Zheng's previous arrogant words were completely brainless. This guy who came out of nowhere was not only arrogant, but also stupid!
This stick was enough to smash him into a pool of mud, and he dared to take it with his bare hands …
Just as Thanos was thinking about this, the double-pointed long stick had already smashed into Luo Zheng's hands.
Luo Zheng just took the opportunity to grab and drag. The power of his right arm suddenly erupted, and he forcibly stopped the stick from smashing down on his shoulders.
The other end of the long stick bore the power of Thanos itself. The whole stick bent like an arch bridge, but it never broke!
"Nice stick," Luo Zheng praised.
Thanos looked at Luo Zheng dumbfoundedly, not knowing what had happened …
Suddenly, he felt the stick in his hand suddenly turn, and there was a burning pain in his hands. The double-pointed long stick had been taken away by Luo Zheng.
Then Thanos felt a shock in his chest, and his chest had been penetrated by the double-pointed long stick.
When the stick rotated, Thanos's burly body also rotated, and a trace of powerful Nirvana Realm power was transmitted along the stick. In the process of this rotation, Thanos's body also directly disintegrated!
A grab, a drag, a turn, a few simple movements killed Thanos. The whole process only took three breaths.
Luo Zheng's other hand was even supporting the trembling insect breeder …
The entire valley was silent. The Bug Masters had never thought that these two visitors who had come from afar would possess such terrifying strength that they could kill the King Monkey so easily.
Only Min Qi and Min Mou's eyes lit up. They knew that Luo Zheng was very strong, but the strength that Luo Zheng had just displayed had once again refreshed their understanding of him!
The King Monkey on top of the col also had a serious look on their faces. Even their mounts could feel the blood in the col and remained motionless.
Killing Thanos so easily showed that this person's strength was far beyond their imagination!
Among the King Monkey, Mie Jie reacted the fastest. He pulled the horse's mane and shouted, "Let's go!"
The King Monkey turned their horses around and planned to escape. At this time, Luo Zheng's voice came again, "You all came back and you still want to leave? Is it that easy?"
"What makes you think you can stop us?" Mie Jie turned back and sneered at Luo Zheng in the col.
But at this time, the horse he was sitting on suddenly neighed. It was extremely uneasy and fearful, and even a King Monkey was directly thrown off by the horse.
These horses in the dark realm were not ordinary breeds, especially the King Monkey's mounts. They were Demon Blood Horses, which were very brave and had extremely strong combat power. There were very few things that they were afraid of.
Mie Jie looked over and only saw a human woman blocking in front of him.
It was still puzzled. What did this human girl do to scare its mount to this extent?
This confusion did not last long. Mie Jie saw the woman's hands slightly open, and two blazing white lights were constantly moving like a snake's tongue.
Seeing this white light, Mie Jie's pupils suddenly shrank.
As a member of the King Monkey Clan, he had stayed in the 14th Layer of Heaven for so many years. Naturally, he had seen the Lord of Heaven and the Infinite Heavenly Light of Brahma. He knew even more clearly that everything that was illuminated by this light disappeared completely, as if they had never existed in this world.
Mie Jie also knew that the west of the dark realm seemed to have been purified by the Infinite Heavenly Light once. Everything within a hundred miles had disappeared completely. This matter was quickly spread through the grapevine, and many versions of this matter were deduced.
Some said it was the Lord of Heaven who did it, while others said there was something wrong with the 14th Layer of Heaven.
When Mie Jie saw the white light blooming from the human woman's hands, he naturally associated these two things together.
It seemed that it was not the Lord of Heaven who did it. Perhaps there was an extra Pure Witch in the 14th Layer of Heaven.
Unfortunately, he did not have the chance to bring this news back to the King Monkey Clan.
"Buzz …"
Feng Ge's fingers fluttered, and the white light sword lightly flipped over the horse and the King Monkey. The light only flew a few rounds before the monkey and the horse were cut into pieces.
With Feng Ge's ability, she could completely eliminate these guys. However, she had already overused her own ability, so she had been very frugal since entering the dark realm.
After Luo Zheng climbed out of the valley, the Bug Trainers also climbed up one after another. They looked at the broken pieces on the ground, and did not expect such a thing to happen. The high and mighty King Monkey was destroyed by these two people in front of them. Who exactly were they …
"Clean this place up," Luo Zheng said.
Several Bug Trainers took out small round boxes and released a group of black bugs. These bugs were like a large piece of black sand, covering the King Monkey and the horse's body parts. In a short while, these body parts were completely devoured, and even the bloodstains on the ground disappeared.
"Even if we do this, I'm afraid the King Monkey Clan won't let us off," a Bug Master said bitterly.
"I'm afraid we will all die in two days …" Min Qi also looked depressed.
With more than ten King Monkeys dead, the King Monkey Clan would be angry and all the Bug Trainers would be exterminated.
"This will not happen," Luo Zheng comforted.
"Why not?" Min Qi asked.
"Because all the Black Monkeys will die," Luo Zheng answered calmly. Luo Zheng might be able to compromise on some things, but using Luo Yan to threaten him was not something Luo Zheng would allow.
No matter what kind of power was behind these Black Monkeys, Luo Zheng would not back down.
When the Bug Trainers heard this, they had an indescribable expression on their faces. Although Luo Zheng and Feng Ge had just killed more than ten King Monkeys, the King Monkey Clan had far more powerful people.
Now that Luo Zheng could sense the direction of the Shapeshifting Magic Block, there was no need for him to stay here. He and Feng Ge planned to follow it along the way.

Chapter 3206
The two brothers, Min Qi and Min Mou, were ready to risk everything.
Now that the situation had escalated, they might as well place their hopes on these two humans. Who knows, they might be able to create a miracle.
With the guidance of the Shapeshifting Magic Block, Luo Zheng did not really need the help of the Bug Masters.
However, these Bug Masters were more familiar with the Dark Domain than them. There were no disadvantages to bringing them along.
Luo Zheng thought for a while, then nodded and agreed. He only said, "It's a pity that Feng Ge was too ruthless. He didn't even leave a horse behind."
"These Demon Blood Horses are the exclusive mounts of the King Monkey. Even if they weren't killed, they wouldn't let us ride them." The old Bug Master climbed up the col shakily. At the same time, he took out a small bamboo flute and handed it to Min Qi.
Min Qi took the bamboo flute and blew it lightly. In the cave below the col, a few black beetles crawled out.
"Those are … Sacred Beetles!" Min Qi was a little excited when he saw these beetles.
The Bug Masters reared all kinds of snakes, insects, and ants. Among them, the Sacred Beetles were the hardest to tame. Juniors like Min Qi originally did not have the opportunity to control these Sacred Beetles.
"These Sacred Beetles will be our benefactor's mounts. Min Qi, Min Mou, you two must take good care of them," the old Bug Master instructed.
Luo Zheng also had a way to fly in the Dark Domain, but the process was more troublesome.
This was because the Divine Path energy conflicted with the Dark Domain. If he formed the Lightning Form Manifestation, his lightning wings would be quickly eroded by the darkness.
Since the Bug Masters were willing to give him flying mounts, Luo Zheng did not refuse.
After that, Luo Zheng, Feng Ge, Min Qi, and Min Mou all sat on the backs of the Sacred Beetles. As Min Qi blew the bamboo flute, the Sacred Beetles carried them into the dark sky.
Visibility in the Dark Domain was not good, especially after the Sacred Beetles flew up. The originally dim ground quickly became a blur.
The pitch-black sky was like a bottomless black hole. When Luo Zheng raised his head, he could faintly feel the pressure coming from the darkness. It was as if something was spying on him from the endless darkness.
"Has the Bug Master Clan explored the sky above the Dark Domain?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"I haven't seen it before," Min Qi replied truthfully. "However, it's recorded in the legends of our Bug Master race that our Great Ancestor rode a Sacred Beetle into the Dark Sky!"
"Did you find anything?" Luo Zheng asked.
"No." Min Qi shook his head and said, "The Great Founder never returned. Although the other Bug Masters said that the Clan Leader stayed in the Dark Sky, I think he most likely died there …"
As a native race, the Bug Master Clan had always been struggling to survive in the cracks of the Dark Domain. They were too weak.
The Great Ancestor he mentioned was the greatest Bug Master, and it was because he tamed a powerful Earth Nether Worm that he led the Bug Master race to a small glory. However, after the Great Ancestor left, the remaining Bug Masters were still not enough to gain a place in the Dark Realm, and had been declining over the years.
Come down.
"Dark Domain …"
According to Luo Zheng's understanding of the Paramita Realm, the Heavens were stacked together. When he left the Color Realm, Luo Zheng could verify this with his eyes.
However, Feng Ge opened a crack in the Heavens. Did that not mean that he opened a crack in the Fifteenth Heaven? The top of the Dark Domain should be the Fifteenth Heaven?
It did not make sense in terms of space …
Just as Luo Zheng was thinking, the white light in Feng Ge's pupils flashed slightly. He reminded Luo Zheng in a low voice, "Something is following us from above."
Hearing Feng Ge's words, Luo Zheng, Min Qi, and the others all turned their heads to look. How could they see anything in the darkness?
But soon, they heard the sound of flapping wings. Then, several huge black shadows came down from above. They were giant birds thousands of feet in size!
"It's the Ghost-winged Birds!"
Min Qi's eyes widened when he saw the huge black shadows above his head. His face was full of fear. Min Mou's face was also pale.
As one of the strongest Spirits of the Dark Domain in the Fourteenth Heaven, the Ghost-winged Birds had almost no natural enemies.
They floated in the sky all year round and almost never came down. No one had ever found the nest of the Ghost-winged Birds. Even a force like the King Monkey Clan would die if they encountered the Ghost-winged Birds!
Min Mou and Min Qi had seen the Ghost-winged Birds fly over the mountain valley. All the Bug Masters did not even dare to breathe loudly. After the Ghost-winged Birds captured a few of their clansmen, the other Bug Masters could only watch as the Ghost-winged Birds left!
That scene left a deep impression on Min Qi and Min Mou.
The two brothers did not expect that they would encounter such a powerful existence not long after they set off.
"Lower the altitude," Luo Zheng's voice sounded in Min Qi's ear.
Min Qi was originally at a loss. He did not know how to deal with it. After hearing Luo Zheng's reminder, he suppressed the fear in his heart and blew the bamboo flute in his hand. Those Sacred Beetles quickly lowered their altitude.
Luo Zheng's group descended from the sky, and the Ghost-winged Birds followed closely behind.
Their huge wings were like sails, covering the ground from above. As they got closer and closer, the faces of the Ghost-winged Birds gradually became clearer. Their slender heads were covered with brown feathers, their eyes were slanted, and their faces were extremely repulsive.
"Ah —"
The closest Ghost-winged Bird stretched out its slender beak and bit Min Qi.
Compared to the Ghost-winged Birds' huge bodies, Min Qi was no different from an insect.
"Feng Ge, drive them away," Luo Zheng shouted.
Feng Ge's Infinite Light was too dazzling in the Dark Domain. Luo Zheng asked Min Qi to lower the altitude, not to escape, but to make it easier for Feng Ge to drive these birds away.
"Buzz!"
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, Feng Ge raised his hand. Rays of light broke through the air and extended upwards for a distance of a hundred feet.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
The wings of the Ghost-winged Birds were like worn-out sails. They were instantly pierced by the rays of light, leaving holes in them.
Feng Ge was obviously not satisfied with this little damage. After he gently flipped his palm, the light cocoon cut towards the roots of the Ghost-winged Birds' wings. He actually intended to cut off the wings of the Ghost-winged Birds.
The huge Ghost-winged Birds felt the pain and wanted to escape.
However, the light cocoon released by Feng Ge was too fast. It couldn't avoid it at all. With a light slash, the wings of the Ghost-winged Birds were directly cut off. The huge body of the Ghost-winged Birds directly fell from the sky.
"Boom …"
When the other Ghost-winged Birds saw this scene, how would they dare to stay? Fearing that their wings would be cut off by the blazing white light sword, they spread their wings and flew high, disappearing into the darkness.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
On the back of the Sacred Beetles, Min Qi and Min Mou wiped the sweat from their foreheads and gasped for breath.
They thought they were dead for sure this time, but the Ghost-winged Birds that dominated the Dark Domain were still easily killed by the white light tip of the human woman.

Chapter 3207
To the west of the tenebrous domain, there was a pass between Chen Jue Mountain.
After passing through this pass, it was the territory of the King Monkey clan.
With the status of the Bug Masters, it was naturally impossible for them to pass through this pass.
When they were about ten miles away from the pass, Min Qi saw the Sacred Beetle land in a forest. At the same time, he cautiously said, "There should be many King Monkey garrisons at the pass of Chen Jue Mountain. I'll send out an eyelid worm to investigate."
As Min Qi spoke, he lightly patted the pocket at his waist. A worm the size of a finger flew out.
This worm was the size of a mosquito and as light as a speck of dust. It was difficult to detect.
The two Bug Masters were not good at fighting. They could only help Luo Zheng in this aspect. Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng gently waved his hand and said, "There's no need to investigate."
"No need?" Min Qi's eyes narrowed.
"Just follow me," Luo Zheng said as he nodded at Feng Ge.
He and Feng Ge could sense that the Shapeshifting Magic Block was already far away. This meant that the King Monkey's destination was very far away from this pass.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge had been very careful to avoid alerting the enemy. After all, Luo Yan was still in the hands of the Black Monkeys.
However, they had just killed the team of Black Monkeys. The King Monkey would know sooner or later. Therefore, Luo Zheng was racing against time with the Black Monkeys. Naturally, he had no scruples now.
"There are probably dozens of King Monkey garrisons …"
Min Qi silently said in his heart. However, when he thought of how Feng Ge killed the Ghost-winged Bird, he forcefully swallowed his words.
Above the pass, a team of King Monkey patrolled back and forth.
This pass of Chen Jue Mountain was the only way to enter the King Monkey's territory. This place had always been heavily guarded. Recently, more people had been sent to this pass.
As for why more people were sent, the higher-ups did not say in detail. However, the leader of the King Monkey guarding the pass was faintly uneasy.
For more people to be sent for no reason, there must be trouble …
Were the One-eyed Beasts planning to cause trouble again?
A few years ago, the King Monkey had taught the One-eyed Clan a harsh lesson. Now, the King Monkey was one of the top existences in the Fourteenth Heaven. It was impossible for those One-eyed Clan to come here now.
As for the Pure One, she was well taken care of by the King Monkey.
"Boss! Something's coming! "A King Monkey interrupted the leader's thoughts.
"What?"
The King Monkey leaped up from the house at the bottom of the pass. It climbed to the top of the pass and looked ahead.
"Sacred Beetles?" The King Monkey was surprised to see the Sacred Beetles in the air.
Aren't these Sacred Beetles a rare treasure of the Insect Master Clan?
Why did those Bug Masters come to the pass? Had he gone mad?
The King Monkey's eyes narrowed and a trace of anger appeared on its face. It roared, "The green-skinned people who caught the beetles, if they come any closer to the pass, kill them without mercy!"
In the hearts of the King Monkey, Bug Masters were cowardly by nature. In this kind of situation, a simple threat would be enough.
However, after the King Monkey's roar, the two Bug Masters did not turn back. Instead, they led the Sacred Beetles closer. This seemed a little strange.
"Courting death!"
The King Monkey gave a look to the two subordinates beside it. The two subordinates gently pulled out two black javelins from their backs.
Min Qi and Min Mou saw the King Monkey's actions at the pass. They swallowed their saliva and suppressed the urge to move forward.
Just as the two subordinates were about to throw the javelins, a whistle suddenly sounded from the side. This sound immediately attracted the attention of all the King Monkey.
The King Monkey looked over and saw Luo Zheng's figure hanging from the wall. Its monkey-face was slightly stunned. "A human? Why would a human come to the hidden realm? And this person seems to have a physical body? "
When it saw Luo Zheng, the King Monkey's heart skipped a beat. It recalled that a few days ago, a team of King Monkeys had escorted the Yang souls of two human girls through the pass. That team was the best of the best in the King Monkey Clan.
At the time, it had been somewhat puzzled. Could it have something to do with this human?
This thought only lasted for a moment before it made a decision. "Trespassers, kill!"
The two subordinates raised their arms and threw two javelins at Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh, whoosh!"
Although the javelins were extremely fast, Luo Zheng's body twisted slightly and he easily dodged them. The javelins were firmly nailed to the mountain wall.
He flipped over and sat on the javelins. At the same time, he asked, "Have you confirmed? Are there no other black monkeys around? "
When the King Monkey heard the insulting name "black monkey", their faces darkened. At the same time, they wondered who Luo Zheng was talking to. Just as they were looking around, a voice leisurely said, "It's confirmed. All the black monkeys are here."
"Then let's do it," Luo Zheng said with a faint smile.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Above the heads of the black monkeys above the pass, beams of light descended and enveloped the black monkeys.
With the power of the Great Brahma's Boundless Heavenly Light, the black monkeys were wiped out completely in the blink of an eye. Even the ground beneath their feet was melted into a circular hole. The white light entered the passageway and eliminated all the black monkeys inside!
The only black monkey that survived in the entire Chenjue Pass was the King Monkey who gave the orders.
The King Monkey was responsible for guarding the Chenjue Pass and was a veteran of hundreds of battles. When it saw the white light descending from the sky, it only had one thought in its mind. The Pure Witch had made her move!
But the Pure Witch had attacked the King Monkey? There was no reason for this …
While it was confused, it nimbly turned over and was about to escape below the pass.
Luo Zheng had spared its life for the sake of obtaining information. He was already prepared.
Seeing the King Monkey jump up, Luo Zheng pulled out a javelin and swooped down from the mountain wall. At the same time, he turned around and hit the King Monkey with the stick at the end of the javelin. Then, he forcefully pushed it up and smashed it above the pass.
"I want to ask about something."
After jumping over the pass, Luo Zheng gently inserted the javelin beside the King Monkey and asked, "As far as I know, you have bound the Yang Soul of a woman from the Human Tribe?"
Hearing this question, the King Monkey's eyes suddenly flashed. Sure enough, it was because of this …
"I just …" Just as the King Monkey was about to answer, dozens of thin light cones descended from above and nailed to its feet, legs, shoulders, wrists, chest and other parts.
On the other side of the city wall, the figure of another woman from the Human Tribe emerged. Thin light cones were still jumping in her hands.
"The pure witch's light was released by this woman …" The corner of Wang Hou's eyes kept twitching. After being restricted by these light cones, it would be cut into pieces by the light cones as long as it moved a little.
"Tell me the truth and I can spare your life. Otherwise, you will end up like them," Luo Zheng said, pointing to the void.

Chapter 3208
The King Monkey looked as if it had seen a ghost.
It had no other choice now. Besides, no one had asked it to keep that matter a secret.
In order to survive, it did not hesitate for too long and said, "I'll tell you, I'll tell you … but you have to promise not to take my life!"
"I promise you," Luo Zheng said.
"She … she also promised me?" The King Monkey pointed at Feng Ge.
Feng Ge nodded expressionlessly. The King Monkey said, "A few days ago, there were humans who passed, and it was not just one human woman who passed, but two. These two human women were escorted back by our King Monkey Clan's Hanjiang Guards."
"What are the Hanjiang Guards?" Luo Zheng asked.
"They are the elites of our King Monkey Clan, the team that guards the King Monkey." The King Monkey continued, "The King Monkey is the commander of our Fourteenth Heaven. At that time, I also found it strange that they would bring two human Yang souls in …"
The King Monkey spilled the beans like a bamboo tube and told everything it knew. It even asked Luo Zheng to take out a map from its pocket and point out the location of the Hanjiang Guards.
"Min Qi," Luo Zheng called out.
Min Qi slowly flew up on the Sacred Beetle and cupped his hands at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng said without turning his head, "Kill it."
"You, you promised me …" The King Monkey's eyes widened.
"But he didn't promise you," Luo Zheng said expressionlessly. Then, he jumped down from the pass with Feng Ge.
Min Qi had never thought that he would be able to take the life of a King Monkey with his own hands, but since Luo Zheng had given the order, he would naturally do as he was told.
Although the King Monkey was powerful, the King Monkey leader's hands and feet were bound by the cone of light. He could not resist at all and was at his mercy.
After thinking for a while, Min Qi took out a few black bugs from his waist pocket. When the King Monkey saw these bugs, his face immediately showed a look of despair.
Those were Blood-Devouring Bugs. These bugs would drill into the host's body and reproduce crazily, hollowing out the host's body …
…
…
After passing through the Chenjue Pass, the surrounding terrain gradually opened up.
Even in the dark, he could see a cluster of low houses in the distance. That was the city where the King Monkey lived.
Luo Zheng raised the javelin and looked into the distance, comparing the terrain in the distance with the terrain in his hand. Then he pointed at the map and said, "The Hanjiang Guards that Min Qi mentioned are here, which is in that direction!"
Feng Ge's eyes swept over and he nodded. "It's in the same direction as the Shapeshifting Magic Block, but … how do we sneak in?"
Luo Zheng's purpose was to save people. The best result was to find Luo Yan without alerting the King Monkey and rescue Luo Yan. There could not be any accidents during the whole process. Once the enemy took Luo Yan as a hostage, Luo Zheng would have to hold back.
"Now we can use these …" A few small eyeliner bugs danced in Min Qi's hand.
Luo Zheng smiled and nodded at Min Qi.
Min Qi gently threw the eyeliner bugs. These little bugs instantly disappeared in the darkness and flew toward the city where the King Monkey lived.
About 30 minutes later, Min Qi could finally see the situation in the city through the eyeliner bugs. Soon, a puzzled expression appeared on his face. At the same time, he said, "Nothing …"
"What do you mean nothing?" Luo Zheng asked.
"There's not a single King Monkey. This city is empty!" Min Qi said with certainty.
"How is that possible?" Luo Zheng asked seriously. "Did you see wrongly?"
"The eyeliner bugs are my eyes. How can I see wrongly?" Min Qi's eyes were fixed in front of him as he answered with certainty.
"Let's go take a look." Luo Zheng frowned. His figure flashed and disappeared into the darkness. Feng Ge followed closely behind him.
After the two entered the city, they looked around and looked at each other. Their faces were indescribably strange.
Such a big city was really empty!
"The King Monkey guarding Chenjue Pass doesn't seem to know the situation in the city …" Luo Zheng said with a frown.
Feng Ge frowned, then said, "Let's find the Shapeshifting Magic Block first."
The two went straight to the north side of the city. They searched according to the soul imprint. Not long after, the two stopped in front of a spacious building.
Luo Zheng stepped forward and gently pushed open the door of the building!
"Creak …"
The moment the door was opened, countless sounds of something breaking through the air could be heard.
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
Countless fine needles shot out from the inside.
Feng Ge raised his eyebrows. The light in his hand shot out!
"Weng!"
Under the blazing white light, the thin needles were completely eliminated. When the light poured into the building, the Shapeshifting Magic Block's screams came from inside. "Don't, don't hurt me. I'm the Shapeshifting Magic Block …"
Feng Ge didn't care at all. The light in his hand shot out continuously, firmly protecting her and Luo Zheng.
When the sound of the thin needles completely stopped, Feng Ge stopped. The two finally saw the situation inside the building.
The Shapeshifting Magic Block had already returned to its original appearance. It hung upside down in the air like a piece of jerky.
Luo Zheng suddenly threw the javelin, cutting the rope above the Shapeshifting Magic Block. He then asked, "What happened? Why are you hanging here? "
"When I was sent to this city, I was already discovered …" the Shapeshifting Magic Block said with an aggrieved expression.
Although the Shapeshifting Magic Block was adept at transforming, it was destined to be a pet. Naturally, it wasn't strong enough.
After being beaten up by the King Monkeys, the Shapeshifting Magic Block was hung upside down here.
"They didn't kill me because they used me as bait to lure you here," the Shapeshifting Magic Block said.
Luo Zheng nodded. He didn't need the Shapeshifting Magic Block to explain this. Luo Zheng could understand. It was just a simple trap. "But why did all the King Monkeys disappear?"
"They said you were some Pure Ones and couldn't defeat them. They also told me that if you didn't die and wanted to find that human girl's Yang Soul, you can go there to find them." The Shapeshifting Magic Block pointed at the wall with a corner.
There was a temporary map on the wall. The map clearly marked a location.
After seeing the map, Luo Zheng let out a long breath. At the same time, he smiled at Feng Ge and said, "Earlier, when you erased everything within a hundred miles of the Hidden Realm, you probably scared the King Monkeys. They knew they couldn't defeat you, so they retreated first!"
With Feng Ge's strength, it wouldn't be difficult for him to wipe out the entire King Monkey race in a fit of rage. At the very least, it wouldn't be difficult for Feng Ge to wipe out the city where the King Monkeys lived.
"So what if they retreated? They can't hide forever," Feng Ge said expressionlessly.
"But there's a creature in the Hidden Realm that doesn't fear the Infinite Light," Luo Zheng said.

Chapter 3209
North of the Dark Domain, at the foot of the You Ming Mountain, was a vast black swamp.
The tranquil pond did not fluctuate at all throughout the year. Occasionally, a bubble would rise and burst, emitting a deadly poisonous mist from within.
Unless it was necessary, no creature of the Dark Domain would be willing to approach this black swamp.
"Da da da …"
More than ten horses were galloping in the black swamp.
To be able to move at such a speed, they must be very familiar with the black swamp.
The ones sitting on the horses were the elites of the King Monkey Clan, the Hanjiang Guards. The one leading the Hanjiang Guards was the commander of the King Monkey Clan, the Big Flag Monkey.
"Hiss hiss …"
Just as this group of black monkeys was galloping, a small black snake suddenly rushed out of the swamp beside them. At the same time, the small snake jumped out and bit at the leading Big Flag Monkey.
"Swish!"
The Big Flag Monkey's reaction was extremely sharp. With a casual wave of his hand, the small black snake was cut into several pieces.
He grabbed the small snake's head in his hand and identified it. He frowned and said, "It's a Single Reed Snake! Everyone, be careful! "
The black swamp was originally a highly poisonous place. The poisonous creatures that could survive in it were definitely not to be underestimated.
After the Big Flag Monkey reminded them, he pulled the horse's mane and led the team forward again.
In the middle of this team was a horse carrying Luo Yan and Ling Yun.
With the strength of an ordinary Yang Soul, it was difficult to even fight against an ordinary Nirvana Realm creature, not to mention that the Dark Domain creatures were stronger than them. They had no room to resist at all.
"I only know that the Dark Domain is boundless darkness. I didn't expect there to be an intricate and complicated force …" Ling Yun sized up the black swamp.
Luo Yan frowned and said, "I wonder why they brought us here from so far away?"
She had nothing to do with the Star Falcon Clan, so why did she choose to make a move now?
Along the way, Luo Yan and Ling Yun tried to get an answer from these black monkeys, but these black monkeys treated them as air and did not pay any attention to them.
"Ga —"
At this moment, an extremely ear-piercing cry suddenly sounded.
Luo Yan, Ling Yun, and the black monkeys all looked up.
Several huge birds swooped down from the sky. Clearly, they had taken these King Monkeys as their targets.
"Commander! It's a Ghost-winged Bird! "A King Monkey calmly reminded.
The Hanjiang Guards were the strongest group of King Monkeys. Whether it was in terms of temperament or strength, they far surpassed the average King Monkey.
If a normal King Monkey had seen the Ghost-Winged Bird, they would have panicked.
"These bastards … they actually came to join in on the fun at such a crucial time!" A cold expression appeared on the big flag monkey's face. At the same time, he ordered, "Scatter!"
"But this is the Black Marsh …" A King Monkey hesitated.
Although the Ghost-Winged Birds were dangerous, with so many King Monkey scattered in the Black Marsh, it was no different from seeking death.
"It's too late. Those Ghost Wing Birds are too fast!" Another King Monkey said loudly.
If it was outside of the Black Swamp, the King Monkeys would have a way to deal with the Ghost Wing Birds. However, in the Black Swamp, all creatures would have their hands and feet tied, except for the Ghost Wing Birds that could fly in the air.
"Then I'll bring up the rear. You go first!"
The big flag monkey suddenly reined in the horse. The armor on its arms began to shine with golden light, and it began to accumulate strength.
This time, it was an order from the higher-ups to lead the human woman named "Luo Yan" into the Dark Zone and send her to the side of the Pure Witch. The big flag monkey had to complete it even at the cost of its own life.
"Ga ga ga …"
When those huge Ghost-winged Birds swooped down at high speed, the Black Marsh in the distance suddenly shook. A slender snake head rolled out of nowhere. With a "whoosh", the slender snake head crossed a distance of thousands of feet and accurately rolled up a Ghost-winged Bird!
The huge Ghost-winged Bird didn't even have time to resist. It was dragged away by the tongue at an incredible speed and disappeared into the depths of the marsh.
"Ga ga ga ga ga …"
Seeing this scene, the other Ghost-winged Birds screamed nervously and spread their wings to escape.
However, the tongue that was originally rolled back bounced back at an extremely fast speed again and instantly rolled up another Ghost-winged Bird …
"Da!"
"Da!"
"Da!"
In just a few breaths, seven or eight Ghost-winged Birds floating in the sky were rolled up by the tongue.
Ling Yun and Luo Yan were completely stunned when they saw this scene.
In their eyes, these King Monkeys were extremely powerful creatures in the Dark Zone. They didn't expect that they also had such a natural enemy as the Ghost-winged Birds. When Ling Yun was still rejoicing that the Ghost-winged Birds couldn't leave the Dark Zone, a big tongue swept over and swallowed them all.
What kind of existence was the owner of this tongue?
Although Ling Yun and Luo Yan were extremely pessimistic about their fate, they still couldn't help but sigh at this scene. They really didn't know what secrets were hidden in the Nirvana Realm.
"It's the Master of Heaven!"
"The Master of Heaven has taken action!"
"That was close …"
The King Monkeys were also excited when they saw the big tongue.
The big flag monkey rode his horse to the front of the group and ordered, "Take out the tribute Darkflybugs!"
The Master of Heaven of the Fourteenth Heaven didn't belong to any faction. The King Monkey race had tried all these years to mend their relationship with this "Master of Heaven". However, the Master of Heaven's temper was extremely irritable. Over the years, the Master of Heaven had swallowed many King Monkeys as tribute.
Soon, the King Monkeys dismounted from their horses and raised a metal plate over their heads. Above the metal plate, there was a curled up Darkflybugs. There were a total of six of them.
"Slow down a bit!"
"Don't show any hostility. The Master of Heaven is very sensitive!"
"Slow down a bit more!"
The big flag monkey reminded the King Monkeys of their movements.
The King Monkeys carried the metal plates and moved step by step. If their movements were any bigger, they would end up like the Darkflybugs above their heads and become food for the Master of Heaven.
It was only a few li, but the King Monkeys took two incense sticks' worth of time to travel.
When they reached the edge of the Black Marsh, the tongue shot out again and wrapped around one of the King Monkeys. Even the King Monkey and the Darkflybugs above its head were dragged into the darkness!
The other King Monkeys were shocked by this sight, but as Cold River Guards, they had all trained themselves to be fearless of death. Not a single one of them thought about throwing away the Darkflybugs and fleeing.
"Your Excellency Master of Heaven!"
The big flag monkey hurriedly walked to the edge of the Black Marsh and cupped his hands respectfully.
The Master of Heaven had already tasted the delicacies of the Darkflybugs, so he probably wouldn't attack them again.
Glug, glug, glug …

Chapter 3210
When Luo Yan and Ling Yun saw the Heaven Master's true appearance, they both frowned, an ominous premonition creeping into their hearts.
These black monkeys had brought them in front of this fellow, so they definitely had a goal …
This was not the first time the banner monkey had seen the Heaven Master. It knew that the Heaven Master could not refuse the Darkflybug Insects, but the Darkflybug Insects were notoriously difficult to catch in the Hidden Realm.
Whether it was the Insect Master race or the Earth Sniffer race, the 'candles' used to catch the Darkflybug Insects were all provided by the King Monkey race.
They had persisted for so many years in order to use this' Heaven Master 'at a crucial moment.
"Your Excellency Heaven Master, this one has worked hard to collect these Darkflybug Insects. Your Excellency Heaven Master can eat them without worry," the banner monkey respectfully said.
"Hmph, tell me, what … is your goal? And what's the deal with those two Yang Souls? " The Heaven Master's gaze fell on Ling Yun and Luo Yan. As a Pure One, he could instantly sense that Luo Yan and Ling Yun came from the Light Realm.
The banner monkey indifferently glanced at the two women and then replied, "These two are also consecrated by the King Monkey race to Your Excellency Heaven Master."
"Heh," the Heaven Master sneered, "You want me to devour their Yang Souls? That's better than nothing … "
As he spoke, he stuck out his tongue at Luo Yan and Ling Yun. Luo Yan and Ling Yun also closed their eyes at this moment.
But the banner monkey was startled by this scene and immediately blocked the Heaven Master's path. "Your Excellency Heaven Master, please wait!"
"What?" A dangerous glint appeared in the Heaven Master's eyes. He hated it when others obstructed him from foraging. If not for the fact that the banner monkey had repeatedly consecrated the Darkflybug Insects, he would have already swallowed him.
"I consecrated these two Yang Souls to Your Excellency Heaven Master, not for Your Excellency Heaven Master to eat," the banner monkey explained.
The Heaven Master looked at the banner monkey strangely and asked, "Then what do you want to do?"
"These two are only bait. They will attract a Pure One of the same status as Your Excellency Heaven Master. I believe that Your Excellency Heaven Master will be more interested!" the banner monkey continued.
"A Pure One …"
As a Pure, the Heavenly Master naturally understood the rules of the Pure.
When it became a Pure One, it would be bound to the first layer of heaven, and no second Pure One would be born in the fourteenth layer of heaven.
"You know the price of deceiving me." The Heavenly Master rolled his tongue, and the killing intent in his eyes seemed to condense into a tangible mist.
As the commander of the King Monkey Clan, the flag monkey knew that he could not show the slightest bit of panic at this moment. He said with confidence, "I dare not deceive Lord God. The other party came from the 13th Heaven. We don't know how they crossed the Desire Realm, but just the day before yesterday, that Pure Witch.
Unleash the boundless heavenly light and erase everything within a radius of a hundred miles! "
The Heaven Lord stared at the big flag monkey. Seeing how confident it was, a strange look appeared in his eyes. At the same time, he said faintly, "You guys can't deal with the Pure Witch, so you want me to deal with her?"
Although the Heavenly Master rarely walked outside, he was not stupid. The King Monkey clearly wanted to kill someone with a borrowed knife.
The big flag monkey replied without a change in expression, "I thought Lord God would be interested in the other Pure Witch, and … we really can't deal with her. If Lord God is unwilling to face that Pure Witch, I can take these two Yang Souls away."
The big flag monkey was very sure that the Heavenly Master would definitely not be willing to let that Pure Witch go.
"Since they've already been sent here, then leave them here," the Heavenly Master said.
The big flag monkey sneered in his heart, then turned his head and said, "Take the two human Yang Souls down and seal them here!"
After the King Monkeys put down the Shadow Beetles, they went forward and escorted Luo Yan and Ling Yun down. Another King Monkey drew a trap array on the ground. Luo Yan and Ling Yun were pushed into the trap array by the King Monkeys.
"Lord God, please enjoy the food." The big flag monkey bowed with a polite smile on his face, then led the King Monkeys away quickly.
The big flag monkey did not care about the strength of the two Pure Witches. It was only afraid that if the Pure Witches fought, it would really destroy the world. It was not worth it to get involved and lose its life.
Luo Yan and Ling Yun sat in the trap array, silently looking at each other.
From the King Monkey's words, they understood that the two of them were not important. They were just bait to lure the other Pure Witch over.
"Who is that Pure Witch?" Ling Yun asked in a low voice.
Luo Yan also shook his head in confusion.
The news that Feng Ge was a Pure Witch had only spread within a small circle. The people of Li Mountain did not know, so how could the two of them understand?
"Could it be your brother?" Ling Yun suddenly asked.
In view of Luo Zheng's level of performance, it was not strange for anything to happen to him. In order to lure him over, it was also reasonable for Luo Yan to be kidnapped and brought to the Dark Domain.
"Impossible …" Luo Yan subconsciously shook his head.
Although they were in danger, she still did not want her brother to be involved in the Dark Domain.
Swish!
Just as the two women were whispering to each other, the big tongue suddenly rolled up, sucking a Darkbug near them into its mouth. After chewing for a while, it swallowed, revealing a satisfied expression.
This scene made Ling Yun and Luo Yan tremble with fear, but under the trap array, they simply could not escape.
In a short while, the God Lord had swallowed all the Darkbugs into his stomach. He lay on the side of the swamp, staring at the two women with his huge eyes, at the same time revealing a strong interest. "The Fruit of Darkness on your bodies can only last for about six hours. It seems that those monkeys believe that.
Will the Pure Witch arrive within six hours? "
"I'm not sure," Ling Yun coldly replied.
The irascible God Lord showed patience and no longer asked any other questions. Instead, he quietly waited.
Half an hour later …
The God Lord's eyes darted around, and then he suddenly raised his head from the swamp and looked into the distance, a sinister smile in his eyes.
Without any warning, he opened his mouth and swept his tongue into the distance.
Luo Yan and Ling Yun both turned their heads and looked into the distance, but it was too far away for them to see what was in the distance.
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
The tongue swept out, then retracted, then swept out again, then retracted again ….
After several attempts, it was all for naught. Not only that, but there were also bloodstains on its tongue. It had been wounded by a sharp weapon.
Luo Yan and Ling Yun were also perplexed.
Just who were these people? How could they be so formidable that even a First Heaven Heaven Lord was helpless against them, and their tongue had even been wounded by them?

Chapter 3211
The Heavenly Master's attacks failed several times. Instead, his snake head was injured by the two in the distance.
That head floating above the Black Swamp abruptly rose. More than half of his body crawled out of the Black Swamp.
Only then did the enormous figure of the Heavenly Master appear in front of Luo Yan and Ling Yun.
"Those monkeys are right. The newcomers do have some skills." The Heavenly Master lowered his head and asked: "They are here to save the two of you, right?"
Luo Yan wanted to deny it. But in this situation, her attitude was meaningless.
The Heavenly Master extended his enormous claws and dug towards Luo Yan and Ling Yun.
The two women thought that the Heavenly Master was about to kill them, so they closed their eyes and waited for death to claim them. However, when the claw reached them, it suddenly opened up and grabbed the entire trapping array, as well as the soil beneath their feet. With a light toss, it placed the two women on its back.
"It … doesn't intend to kill us?" Ling Yun was puzzled.
Luo Yan looked into the distance and said: "We don't even have any value in being killed by it. Its interest should be flying over there!"
Two figures were flying over from the distant Black Swamp. Their speed was extraordinarily fast.
One of the figures was blurry. One could not see the original appearance of the figure. And the other figure was Feng Ge of the Great One Heaven Palace!
In the Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Yan and Ling Yun had seen her before.
Feng Ge's performance in the Chaotic Origin Great World was not outstanding. But now, she could enter the Paramita World. Furthermore, she could see her appearance clearly!
"Could she be that Pure Witch?" Ling Yun blurted out.
"She should be. I wonder who the other person is …" Luo Yan softly said.
When they were in the Chaotic Origin Great World, Feng Ge had been following behind her big brother. It seemed that it was highly possible that her big brother had entered the Dark Domain.
As the distant figure got closer, Luo Yan focused her gaze. That figure and movement were indeed 70-80% similar to her big brother.
"Ge ge ge …"
When the two figures got closer, the Heavenly Master crawled on the ground and let out a series of muffled laughter.
This laughter was like muffled thunder that reverberated throughout the Black Swamp. The poisonous creatures hiding in the Black Swamp panicked and fled in all directions.
Luo Zheng frowned when he saw the huge monster in the distance.
The Pure Witch of the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven was actually a giant lizard?
After looking around, his gaze quickly landed on the back of this "large lizard". On its back, there were two human figures. Even though they were far away, Luo Zheng was certain that these two human figures were Yang Souls!
Yan 'er …
Luo Zheng's body emitted a trace of cold anger, and he sped up a bit.
Feng Ge, who was walking side by side with him, naturally felt Luo Zheng's abnormal reaction.
Obviously, Luo Zheng's concern for his sister was more important than anything else. After this small thought arose in Feng Ge's mind, she raised her eyebrows slightly.
Several breaths later, the two of them finally arrived in front of the Heaven Master.
"Kekeke …"
The Heavenly Master's muffled laughter continued for a long time before stopping. He pointed a claw at Feng Ge and said, "You are the Pure Witch those monkeys spoke of?"
Feng Ge coldly looked at the Heavenly Master, not saying a word.
Although the Heavenly Master's appearance was worlds apart from hers, Feng Ge could still feel a sense of familiarity from him. This familiarity reminded her that the Heavenly Master was the same as her.
Feng Ge was extremely displeased that such an ugly thing was considered her own kind.
"Answer me!"
The originally calm Heavenly Master suddenly became irritable.
In the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven, he was the ruler of this world. Neither the creatures of the Dark Domain nor the Light Domain dared to slight or disobey him.
But Feng Ge was completely ignoring him …
At this time, Luo Zheng stood in front of Feng Ge and pointed behind the Heavenly Master. "Those black monkeys tied up my sister and brought her here for the sole purpose of using someone else to do their dirty work. If Your Excellency does not wish to be used by the black monkeys, please release them."
The moment Luo Zheng spoke, Luo Yan's body trembled. Ling Yun was also pleasantly surprised. The one who had come was really Luo Zheng!
Luo Zheng's figure was reflected in the Heavenly Master's eyes. That human girl was a Pure Witch, but this brat was not. The Heavenly Master found it hard to understand how someone who was not a Pure Witch had managed to injure his tongue.
"The black monkeys want to use someone else to do their dirty work," the Heavenly Master repeated Luo Zheng's words.
"That's right," Luo Zheng nodded. "Your Excellency, please do not be fooled by those monkeys."
"With just those ugly monkeys?" As the Heavenly Master spoke, he extended a claw and pointed at Feng Ge. "If you want me to release the two Yang souls behind me, I can do that as long as she stays. Do you agree to this condition?"
When Feng Ge heard this, a cold smile appeared on his face as he looked at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng directly asked, "And if I don't agree?"
"Then I'm afraid that all of you will have to stay behind," the Heavenly Master opened his mouth and spoke in a muffled voice. Right now, he was not only interested in Feng Ge, but also Luo Zheng.
The scales on his massive body suddenly unfurled, and a myriad of colors blossomed from the edges of his scales.
The light that this Pure Witch released at this moment was not limited to white, but a riot of colors.
The originally pitch-black and lifeless swamp suddenly seemed to come alive. It was like the first spring breeze, capable of changing the world with a single thought.
These rays of light could not harm Luo Yan, Lingyun, Luo Zheng, and Feng Ge, but to the other creatures in the swamp, they were fatal.
Whether it was the wriggling Withered Water Vines or the Watersoaked Grass that had taken root in the water, they all turned into nothingness the moment they came into contact with the rays of light …
What was even more frightening was that all the creatures in the Black Swamp seemed to have a unique attachment to the colorful rays of light that it emitted. The Rain Serpent that was more than ten thousand feet long and the Extreme Dark Crocodile that could stay in the Black Swamp for thousands of years seemed to be possessed at this moment as they rushed into the rays of light.
They were annihilated into wisps of energy and disappeared into the colorful rays of light.
They were actually sacrificing themselves!
"The Heavenly Master is indeed very powerful …"
Luo Zheng's hand that was holding the javelin tightened slightly.
Feng Ge had just become a Pure Witch not long ago, but his strength had already far surpassed the average Nirvana Realm creature. Even the Dark Domain creatures were not inferior to him.
The Heavenly Master before him was an old monster that had lived for who knew how many years. Its understanding of himself, the Nirvana Realm, and the Brahma Immeasurable Heavenly Light was not something that Feng Ge could compare to.
"Wuu …"
The Heavenly Master let out a roar as his sharp claws came crashing down on Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng had long since been on guard, so he naturally could not allow the Heavenly Master's attack to hit him. His figure flitted to the side like a ghost.
Boom!
When the claw slammed into the mud of the Black Swamp, the mud of the Black Swamp began to ripple and spread in all directions.

Chapter 3212
The javelin shrieked as it pierced through the darkness.
Thwish!
Caught off guard, the javelin nailed itself into the Heaven Lord's forehead.
This javelin was not weak. If it could pierce through, it would have blasted the Heaven Lord's head apart.
But this did not happen. The javelin had not even managed to pierce through the Heaven Lord's skin. Only the tip of the javelin had managed to pierce through.
Thwish!
While Luo Zheng was still in the air, the Heaven Lord swung his other claw at Luo Zheng and slapped Luo Zheng's body.
Bang!
With this heavy blow, Luo Zheng was directly smashed into the swamp.
Feng Ge's expression changed. She wanted to go forward to check, but before she could take a step, the Heavenly Master's other claw had already landed on her side. The Heavenly Master said, "I spent a long time in the Fourteenth Celestial Layer. I've devoured all the living beings here at least once, but the most delicious of them all is still the Dark Moth Bug. But you should taste pretty good too …"
Whoosh!
The claw swiped at Feng Ge.
Feng Ge reacted with extreme vigilance. Seeing the claw coming at her, she somersaulted backward and jumped out of the way.
Whoosh, whoosh …
The Heaven Lord's claw followed, continuing to swipe at Feng Ge. Meanwhile, Feng Ge maintained her nimble footwork, retreating like a dragonfly skimming the surface of the black swamp.
But this retreat was also extremely dangerous.
After Feng Ge became a Pure Witch, her strength had greatly improved by relying on this body. When she was at the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven, she could easily burst out the strength of more than three thousand Divine Jun, which was far more powerful than Luo Zheng.
Now that she had reached the Fourteenth Heaven, her physical body was still as powerful as ever, but she was now facing the Heaven Lord of the Fourteenth Heaven, who had existed for countless years. The gap between them was obvious.
Whoosh!
Whoosh!
Whoooah!
As Feng Ge retreated, she twisted and turned, only a few inches away from the Heaven Lord's claw.
"Let me see how far you can retreat!"
A hint of excitement appeared in the Heaven Master's eyes.
As the ruler of the Fourteenth Heaven, it had stood at the top of this layer for far too long.
In the entire Fourteenth Heaven, it seemed that there was nothing worthy of its attention and action …
Now that he had finally encountered an extraordinary existence, the Heavenly Master was naturally very excited.
As its body rushed forward, its other front claw joined in. As the two claws intersected, the sharp claws left behind colorful afterimages in the darkness.
Feng Ge clenched his teeth and dashed left and right in the afterimages.
"Pfff …"
A sharp claw flashed across Feng Ge's chest, and a deep gash appeared under her collarbone, revealing her bone.
Feng Ge's pupils constricted and she tried to flip to the other side, but the Heavenly Master had already guessed her direction and grabbed at her.
"It's over …"
Feng Ge's heart skipped a beat. He suddenly realized that if he was caught, his journey to the Nirvana Realm would probably come to an end.
She did not know why, but even in the face of death, she did not have any regrets.
From the Thirteenth Heaven to the Fourteenth Heaven, she had already gotten to know herself all over again.
But if she died, then Luo Zheng …
Before this thought could fully emerge from her mind, she saw that the claw had stopped a foot in front of her and was no longer moving forward.
Feng Ge blinked, feeling a little strange.
Not only was the Heavenly Master's claw not moving forward, it was actually slowly retreating. Meanwhile, a look of deep anger appeared on its lizard-like face.
As it retreated inch by inch, the Heavenly Master let out a low roar.
Only now did Feng Ge notice that Luo Zheng was tightly gripping the Heavenly Master's tail and pulling it back!
"Damn human …!"
The Heavenly Master roared and gave up on pursuing Feng Ge. Instead, he turned around and lunged at Luo Zheng.
Bang!
Mud splattered everywhere as the Heavenly Master tackled Luo Zheng.
"Big Brother!"
"Luo Zheng …!"
Luo Yan screamed from the back of the 'giant lizard', but there was nothing she could do. All she could do was worry helplessly.
Feng Ge, who had been retreating, revealed a trace of viciousness when she saw this scene. Her long legs stomped on the ground as she shot toward the Heavenly Master in a parabola.
But before Feng Ge could get close, the Heavenly Master's tail swept through the air.
Slap!
This light sweep of the tail contained a strength of four thousand divine jun.
Feng Ge let out a muffled groan as a fishy taste came from his throat. His entire body rolled onto the swamp. His entire body went limp and sore, and for a moment, he couldn't move at all.
The Heavenly Master ignored Feng Ge and continued to bombard Luo Zheng.
In this situation, Luo Zheng had no room to dodge. He could only lie on the ground and raise his arms to block.
"Hong!"
After the first strike, the light spots in Luo Zheng's body became active. They helped Luo Zheng to bear the weight of the Heavenly Master's strength.
But the Heavenly Master's strength was too strong. As the Chaotic Origin Spirit bore the weight of the attack, it actually showed signs of fatigue!
"Weng …"
At the same time, the golden light in Luo Zheng's body was released. That was the unknown True Dao Intent. This True Dao Intent rapidly cleansed the Chaotic Origin Spirit, restoring it back to its original state!
That pair of enormous eyes of the Heavenly Master flashed with a strange light.
He had never left the Fourteenth Heaven before. Naturally, he had never seen something like the 'Chaotic Origin Spirit'. He only thought that Luo Zheng's fleshy body was tough.
But no matter how tough something was, there was ultimately a limit!
The Heavenly Master did not believe in heresy. He sent out a second strike at Luo Zheng.
"Hong!"
Luo Zheng's Chaotic Origin Spirit that had just been cleansed by the True Dao Intent was once again on the brink of fatigue. But at the same time that Luo Zheng was bearing the weight of the attack, the True Dao Intent rapidly restored the Chaotic Origin Spirit …
After being struck twice by the Heavenly Master, Luo Zheng was not injured at all. That Chaotic Origin Spirit of his was still brimming with vitality. Luo Zheng revealed a strand of joy on his face.
Recently, when Luo Zheng was tempering the Chaotic Origin Spirit in his fleshy body, he had this conjecture in his heart.
When the Chaotic Origin Spirit reached a certain level of strength, the True Dao Intent in the fleshy body would form a cycle with the Chaotic Origin Spirit, greatly reducing the fatigue rate of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Hence, Luo Zheng's Chaotic Origin Spirit could withstand ten times, twenty times more attacks than others …
What if the Chaotic Origin Spirit continued growing stronger?
The True Dao Intent formed by the attacks Luo Zheng received could completely restore the Chaotic Origin Spirit to its original state. As long as he was not killed in a single strike, Luo Zheng's fleshy body was practically an undying existence!
And now, the situation was as such.
This Heavenly Master was indeed strong. But since he could not destroy the Chaotic Origin Spirit in a single strike, it meant that the Chaotic Origin Spirit would never become fatigued.
"Hong!"
"Hong!"
"Hong!"
Every time this Heavenly Master sent out a strike, the disbelief in his eyes would increase.

Chapter 3213
The Heaven Master was inwardly shocked, but the other three women felt very uncomfortable.
Luo Yan looked down at the black mud below, unable to distinguish Luo Zheng's figure.
Under such a bombardment, Luo Zheng would probably be crushed into a part of the mud …
Feng Ge struggled to climb up from the swamp. Her body was dirty from head to toe. She tried to move forward, but her body was seriously injured. It was very difficult for her to move even a single step.
Boom, boom, boom …
After the Heaven Master blasted more than ten times, Feng Ge's anxious face gradually revealed a strange expression.
In a situation where Luo Zheng is unable to resist, how can he withstand so many attacks from the Heaven Master?
Why is the Heaven Master still attacking endlessly …?
After the Heaven Master blasted more than twenty times, Luo Yan and Ling Yun also saw some clues.
They didn't know what was going on, but they also felt that this giant lizard's actions were somewhat abnormal.
There was a limit to the Heavenly Lord's strength, and after striking about thirty times with all his strength, he finally grew tired and took a step back, breathing heavily from his nostrils.
Feng Ge, Luo Yan, and Ling Yun all looked in the direction of Luo Zheng. The Heaven Master had smashed a huge hole in the ground, and the hole was already filled with black mud.
After a while, the mud gently rippled, and Luo Zheng's figure climbed out of it. He really looked unharmed!
"Big Brother, I'm fine …" Luo Yan's voice trembled.
Ling Yun looked as if she had seen a ghost. "This … isn't very possible, right?"
Luo Zheng being able to enter the Paramita Realm with his physical body was already an inconceivable miracle in Ling Yun's eyes. Miracles were miracles. Perhaps Luo Zheng had some special encounter. As the omnipotent big brother that Luo Yan spoke of, Ling Yun could accept it.
But facing the Heaven Master of the Fourteenth Heaven, he had withstood dozens of full-strength attacks and was completely unharmed?
Ling Yun felt that such an absurd situation could only occur in a dream. But how could she dream when her Yang Soul had entered the Paramita Realm?
The worry on Feng Ge's face was swept away and replaced with shock and joy! "
"You don't seem strong enough?" Luo Zheng raised his head and smiled at the Heavenly Master.
"You … how did you do it?" The Heaven Master stared at Luo Zheng in confusion.
It was certain that this human brat's body couldn't possibly be this strong. Something inexplicable seemed to have happened to him.
No matter how intelligent the Heavenly Lord was, it was impossible for him to guess something that was beyond the scope of his understanding. Moreover, no one had been able to discern the origin of Luo Zheng's True Meaning of the Dao. This strange cycle had been formed by a freak combination of factors.
"You don't need to know," Luo Zheng said. "If this is all you can do, then you've already lost."
As a Pure One, Feng Ge didn't have any other abilities other than being able to control the Great Brahma Infinite Heavenly Light at will and having a strong physical body.
Therefore, Luo Zheng speculated that this "giant lizard" might not have any other abilities.
Ever since this giant lizard had become the Heavenly Master, when had it ever been treated like this?
Whether it was its physical body, Yang Soul, or the beings that had taken root in the Fourteenth Heaven, it had always been treated with both respect and fear. It had long since gotten used to these reverent gazes.
Upon hearing Luo Zheng's mockery, it tilted its head back and roared.
White light blossomed from the bottom of its scales. As the scales refracted this light, it turned into a rainbow.
This light traveled an extremely great distance …
After handing over Luo Yan and Ling Yun to the Heavenly Master, the Great Banner Monkey immediately left the Black Marsh.
When the Heavenly Master began to roar, the King Monkeys had just left the edge of the Black Marsh.
At this moment, they suddenly saw a flash of light.
"That's the light of a Pure One …" one of the King Monkeys yelled.
"It hurts! Run, run! "Another King Monkey covered its face and turned to flee.
When the King Monkeys saw the light, it meant that the light had already reached their location.
Although this location was far away, the Great Brahma Boundless Heavenly Light was simply unreasonable. It swallowed everything in the Hidden Domain.
When the Great Banner Monkey realized that something was wrong, it rode its horse and rushed away. However, the demonic plants and demonic grass along the way were all swallowed up by the light. Then, the galloping horse and the King Monkey on the horse were also swallowed up by the light.
After this Great Banner Monkey was promoted to commander of the King Monkeys, it led the King Monkey Race to develop by leaps and bounds. It allowed the King Monkey Race to become the number one race in the Fourteenth Heaven. It even trampled its old enemy, the One-Eyed Race, under its feet.
In the end, this commander and the Cold River Guards that he had personally nurtured died in such an inexplicable manner.
On the other side …
The Bug Master Race's Min Qi and Min Mou were even further away from the Black Marsh.
The two of them had originally intended to follow Luo Zheng without any regard for their lives. Therefore, when Luo Zheng and Feng Ge entered the Black Marsh, the two of them also planned to enter. However, they were rejected by Luo Zheng, so the two of them waited outside the Black Marsh.
"It's light!"
"The light is coming!"
Min Qi and Min Mou's faces were filled with fear. Even the fully domesticated Sacred Beetle was trembling non-stop. The creatures of the Dark Domain all had an instinctive fear of the Brahma Infinite Heavenly Light.
However, the two Bug Masters didn't escape. After they turned around, they saw a huge pit not far away. The two of them didn't hesitate at all and directly jumped into the huge pit.
No matter how powerful the Brahma Infinite Heavenly Light was, it still had to melt the surface layer before it could reach them. Hiding in the pit allowed them to avoid disaster.
When the light gradually faded, the entire Black Marsh disappeared.
Along with the Black Marsh, thousands of snakes, insects, and ants disappeared along with it. There were even some Nirvana Realm races …
Luo Zheng, Feng Ge, Luo Yan, and Ling Yun were creatures of the Light Domain. The Brahma Infinite Heavenly Light didn't affect them in the slightest.
As a layer of the entire Black Marsh was melted away, the solid rocks below were exposed.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge stood on two huge rocks and looked up at the Heavenly Master.
A pair of wings of light grew out of the Heavenly Master's back. The white light twisted into patterns that covered his entire body, illuminating the surrounding sky.
"You know too little about the Pure Witches. I can show you what a Son of Light is," the Heavenly Master said with a dull smile.
As soon as he finished speaking, those twisted patterns gathered from around his body to his chest, forming a spiral pattern.
Boom!
A white light wave shot out from his chest and hit Luo Zheng's head.
Kacha, kacha, kacha …
Before the light wave hit Luo Zheng's body, just the pressure from it caused the rocks under Luo Zheng's feet and around him to crack.
"The power has increased by a lot!"
Luo Zheng's pupils constricted slightly, and the lightning wings on his back suddenly appeared.
If he used the lightning wings in the Dark Domain, the Dao essence of the Mystic Thunder Divine Dao would be directly devoured by the darkness. However, the darkness had been completely expelled by the Heavenly Master, so there was no problem in using it now.
Crackle!

Chapter 3214
The ball of light that contained a terrifying might fell straight down, and the shockwave turned into a visible circle that surged out in all directions.
The beam of light pierced through the sky, forming a pillar of light that pierced through the Darkness Domain from the bottom to the top!
Before this circle could spread, Luo Zheng grabbed Feng Ge and flew away, finally avoiding this attack.
Feng Ge clung to Luo Zheng, her eyes filled with surprise. "What kind of technique was that? How could it be so powerful?"
She and the Heaven Master were both Pure Ones, but she didn't seem to understand this technique at all. Although she could control the Boundless Heavenly Light as she wished, it had no power to speak of …
"If even you don't know, how could I?" Luo Zheng gripped Feng Ge tightly and bitterly smiled.
The Heaven Master coldly snorted after his attack failed. The wings of light on his back rippled, and his massive body flew toward Luo Zheng. At the same time, rays of light transformed into spiral patterns that converged on his chest.
"It's coming again!"
Feng Ge pointed to the sky and warned.
She had barely spoken when the light from the Heaven Master's chest gushed out once more.
Whoosh!
As this light descended, the entire space trembled as it headed straight for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng didn't need to turn around to feel that terrifying pressure. He clenched his teeth, and the lightning wings on his back crackled. His body blurred as he sped up once more. The light once more descended behind Luo Zheng.
"Pop …"
The shockwave rapidly spread, and countless substances of the Darkness Domain were annihilated into nothingness.
Luo Zheng lifted Feng Ge in front of him and used his back to block the shockwave. He continued to move forward with the momentum of the shockwave, greatly increasing his speed.
The Heaven Master spread his wings of light and chased closely behind.
As the chase continued, the creatures of the Dark Realm along the way were in for a great misfortune.
Once that wave of light crashed down, the resulting shockwave would be enough to annihilate all living beings within a radius of five kilometers. Moreover, the Heavenly Master's wings of light were constantly releasing boundless heavenly light.
Wherever it swept across, the substances in the dark realm would be forcibly melted away. The pair of wings of light had forcibly plowed out a deep trench that was over two hundred feet wide and over thirty miles long in the dark realm, and it was still extending.
Luo Zheng was also under a lot of pressure as he faced the light waves crashing down from the sky.
The power of this light wave would most likely exceed the limits of Luo Zheng's fleshy body. His fleshy body wasn't an unparalleled existence. If the Spirit of Chaotic Origin could not recover in time, Luo Zheng would still be heavily injured and die!
"Watch out for the left!"
"Behind you on the right!"
Feng Ge reminded Luo Zheng attentively.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to fly to the left to avoid the wave of light behind him, the Heavenly Master suddenly flipped in the air and arrived in front of Luo Zheng. At the same time, he opened his mouth.
"Xiu –"
That thin and long tongue of his swept towards Luo Zheng at a speed that the naked eye could not capture.
Luo Zheng did not expect that the Heavenly Master would use his tongue to attack him. He was slightly startled and immediately threw Feng Ge away. Even if he was pulled into the mouth of the Heavenly Master, this Heavenly Master might not be able to eat him!
But the Heavenly Master did not intend to pull Luo Zheng into his mouth. The moment that tongue swept over, it was like a tight whip that ruthlessly lashed out at Luo Zheng.
"Peng!"
Caught off guard, Luo Zheng was sent flying backwards. And the path he took just happened to overlap with the wave of light behind him. This wave of light actually smashed onto Luo Zheng's body, enveloping Luo Zheng within it.
"Bo!"
The light wave blossomed and illuminated the horizon once again.
The Heavenly Master narrowed his eyes and stared at the rapidly spreading clump of light that was slowly descending. A trace of coldness appeared in his heart. He was extremely dissatisfied that he had to spend so much effort to deal with a human brat.
"Luo, Luo Zheng … there's no saving him now …" Ling Yun's face was contorted in distress.
Luo Yan did not say a word as he stared blankly at the ground below.
Feng Ge, who had just been thrown away by Luo Zheng, had just landed on the ground. Her beautiful eyes were incomparably grave, and her pupils flashed with intense worry.
The clump of light flickered for three or four breaths of time before gradually fading away.
A large pit had appeared where it had been, and at the bottom of the pit was a strange thing.
This thing was about the size of a human, but its appearance had undergone a complete transformation. Sharp spikes extended from its back, and at the bottom of the spikes was a thick tail.
"What is this thing? Where's Luo Zheng?" Ling Yun asked curiously.
"Where's my big brother …?" Luo Yan stared at the monster in confusion.
Even Feng Ge had never seen Luo Zheng in this form before. She blinked her eyes in confusion.
"Whoosh!"
While the Heavenly Master was still in shock, the monster's four thick limbs suddenly sprang up.
The Heavenly Master had already landed above the pit and was not far from the monster.
When the monster suddenly attacked, the Heavenly Master felt a sense of danger. Just as he was about to spread his wings and fly away, the monster stuck close to him and raised its tail.
"Pfff!"
The Heavenly Master's skin was thick and tough. Luo Zheng's javelins had not been able to break through its skin, but this monster's tail had instantly pierced through!
Panic finally appeared in the Heavenly Master's eyes. He swatted at the monster with one of his sharp claws, but the monster was extremely agile. After pulling out the tail, it leaped up once more and stabbed the black tail into the Heavenly Master's neck.
After this stab, the monster charged down the Heavenly Master's back. It swept past Luo Yan and Ling Yun, circled around the Heavenly Master's abdomen, and stabbed the black needle again.
After three stabs, the monster left the Heavenly Master's body and landed firmly on the ground.
Very soon, an extremely bizarre scene appeared on the Heavenly Master's body.
Three green dots of light began to spread from the Heavenly Master's right chest, neck, and abdomen.
The black leather armor had completely transformed into a green poison mist …
"What is this? What kind of poison is this …?"
The Heavenly Master's face contorted in shock as he watched his body transform.
He pushed the Boundless Heavenly Light to its maximum in an attempt to fill his body with energy.
But no matter how strong the Boundless Heavenly Light was, it could not help him expel this poison.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The Heavenly Lord tumbled through the air, jumping up and down as he let out a low roar.
This futile struggle lasted for more than ten breaths before it finally ran out of strength and fell to the ground. The pair of light wings and the white light circulating on the surface of its body quickly dimmed, and its aura disappeared completely in the blink of an eye.
The darkness that had been driven away gradually returned. Alas, before the darkness could completely engulf the Heavenly Master, Feng Ge waved his hand again. A white light descended from the sky, illuminating the surrounding several hundred zhang. The majority of this light gathered on the monster's body.
She walked up to the monster prostrating on the ground and cautiously asked, "You, are you Luo Zheng?"

Chapter 3215
The monster prostrating on the ground suddenly leaped up, its body standing upright. It looked somewhat similar to the Ghost Scorpion.
However, its appearance was even more arrogant and domineering, especially that thick scorpion tail. It glowed with a dark green light, as if it would take the life of anyone who approached it at any time.
Seeing the monster stand up, Feng Ge took several steps back.
This monster's figure was somewhat blurry, and he couldn't make out its appearance. It was exactly the same as when Luo Zheng's body entered the Paramita Realm, so it was very likely to be Luo Zheng himself. But Feng Ge was still somewhat wary and fearful.
"Is it because its appearance is too terrifying?" Luo Zheng's voice suddenly drifted out.
Upon hearing this familiar voice, Feng Ge heaved a sigh of relief and said reproachfully, "You should have spoken earlier. Why bother scaring people?"
"This is the first time I've seen such an expression on your face," Luo Zheng chuckled.
Feng Ge was both angry and embarrassed. He snorted and replied, "This is also the first time I've seen such an expression on your face!"
"Then it's fortunate that we're in the Paramita Realm. If we were in the Heavenly Palace, I might have really scared you."
As Luo Zheng spoke, he collected the bones and folded them back into Luo Zheng's body. The tail, the spikes on his back, and his broad arms all returned to their original state. Then, he rushed over to the Heavenly Master's side.
The Heavenly Master's vitality was severed inch by inch. His entire body was covered in a layer of green mud.
"Brother! Are you alright? "Luo Yan shouted from within the trap formation.
The trap formation beneath her feet isolated the outside world, so Luo Yan and Ling Yun were unaffected.
Luo Zheng nodded at his sister. The lightning wings on his back flashed, and he flew to the back of the Heavenly Master's corpse. He enveloped the entire trap formation in his arms and carried it down.
"Retreat," Luo Zheng said.
Luo Yan and Ling Yun retreated to the other side of the trap formation. Luo Zheng raised his hand and lightly chopped at the trap formation. The entire trap formation emitted an explosive sound, and then it collapsed.
Then Luo Zheng stepped forward and hugged his sister in his arms, but he kept apologizing, "I'm sorry, I dragged you into this for no reason …"
This time, Luo Yan had suffered an unexpected calamity. He was indeed unlucky to be kidnapped into the Dark Domain without anyone's knowledge.
Luo Yan pursed her lips, but comforted her in a soft voice, "It's not for no reason. Brother's enemy is my enemy."
Although the siblings had chosen different superpowers, they stood on the same side.
The accident this time was entirely due to the complexity of the Nirvana Realm.
"Speaking of which, I'm the one who was dragged into this for no reason. Luo Zheng, shouldn't you apologize to me?" Ling Yun said with a smile.
At that time, the Star Falcon Clan couldn't tell who was the Luo Yan, so they kidnapped both of them. Ling Yun could be considered unlucky.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to speak, Feng Ge's voice drifted over. "You're lucky that we rescued you. Apologizing to you is wishful thinking."
Luo Yan was Luo Zheng's biological sister. No matter what emotions she showed, Feng Ge pretended not to see Feng Ge. However, Ling Yun's words were mercilessly suppressed by Feng Ge.
Ling Yun was also a proud and arrogant person in Li Mountain. Her face stiffened when Feng Ge rebuked her so harshly. "How can you say that?"
"So what if I'm like this?" Feng Ge retorted.
"Feng Ge!"
Luo Zheng frowned and stopped Feng Ge.
Feng Ge didn't get angry, nor did he argue with Luo Zheng. He only smiled and retreated to the side, leaving Ling Yun to sulk.
Luo Zheng was just about to console Ling Yun when he suddenly felt a light in the corner of his eye. He looked over and saw a halo of light floating above the Heavenly Master's corpse. After the halo appeared, it circled in the air and floated directly toward Luo Zheng.
"What is that …" Ling Yun asked.
As soon as she finished speaking, the halo of light enveloped Luo Zheng with lightning speed.
Enveloped by the halo of light, Luo Zheng disappeared in front of Feng Ge and the others like a magic trick. Only the three girls were left standing in place, stunned, completely clueless as to what had just happened.
Luo Zheng also didn't expect such a situation to occur. The halo of light flashed, and he had no time to dodge. He felt the world spin, and when he opened his eyes again, all he could see was light. It was as if he had fallen into a world of light, and everything around him was a vast expanse of whiteness.
Aside from that, there was nothing else.
"Where is this?"
"Feng Ge?"
"Luo Yan?"
Luo Zheng called out a few times, but didn't get any response. It seemed that the halo of light had moved him to another place.
He squatted down and reached out to touch the ground for a while. What he touched was a cold and smooth floor.
"This isn't an illusion, but a real place …"
After coming to this conclusion, Luo Zheng began to walk forward. His footsteps suddenly echoed in the empty space.
After walking aimlessly in this snow-white world for a while, Luo Zheng felt his eyes adapt a little. Gradually, he could make out some white outlines.
In the distance, white pillars gradually appeared. There seemed to be something between the pillars, but it was still very difficult for Luo Zheng to distinguish it. Even if Luo Zheng walked very close, he could only see a white expanse. He couldn't see anything.
"9527, Mr. Green Jade, where is this place?" At this time, Luo Zheng could only ask the two for help.
"I don't know," 9527's voice immediately came back.
When Luo Zheng used the Ancient God Bloodline, 9527 was already alarmed. As for this snow-white world, 9527 had never seen it before.
After being called by Luo Zheng, the Spirit of Green Jade observed for a while and asked in great surprise, "You didn't kill a Pure Witch, did you?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng replied affirmatively.
"Then I know," said the Spirit of Green Jade. "This is the Land of Inheritance, the Land of Inheritance of the Pure Witches."
"The Land of Inheritance?" Luo Zheng asked doubtfully.
"Well, when a Pure Witch dies, the killer will replace the Pure Witch and become the new Lord of Heaven," the Spirit of the Green Jade replied. "However, the Land of Inheritance is just the name of our Green Jade civilization. I have never been to this place, so I don't know what it should be called."
"The new Master of Heaven?" Luo Zheng was shocked and asked, "If I become the Master of Heaven, will I be bound to the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven?"
The Masters of Nirvana Realm would be fixed to a certain Layer of Heaven.
Among so many Masters of Heaven, Feng Ge was the only exception. She only encountered trouble when crossing the energy vortex.
But the situation of the Lust Realm and the Lust Realm was probably different. Luo Zheng's worry was justified.
"It is indeed possible. At least, none of the Masters of Heaven I have seen left that Layer of Heaven like Feng Ge," replied the Spirit of Green Jade truthfully.
Hearing this, a trace of caution appeared on Luo Zheng's face.

Chapter 3216
Luo Zheng wandered around this white world for a while, but he still could not distinguish anything apart from those pillars.
In desperation, Luo Zheng could only sit on the smooth floor and say with a wry smile, "I'm afraid that's not what I need to worry about now. It seems that leaving this place is a problem."
Both the Green Jade Spirit and 9527 remained silent. Under their observation, they could not even see those faint pillars clearly, so they could not provide Luo Zheng with any help.
There were a total of 19 Pure Witches in the entire Desire Realm. These Pure Witches rarely participated in the struggles of many large races. They were either independent individuals or chose to protect their own people in a corner. Even though the Green Jade Civilization once stood among the top ten civilizations, their understanding of the Pure Witches was still limited.
There was still not much.
However, Feng Ge was taking care of Luo Yan and Ling Yun in the Hidden Realm, so the creatures of the Hidden Realm should not dare to provoke them.
In fact, the abnormal behavior of the "Heaven Master" had already caused a great uproar in the Hidden Realm. Those creatures hiding in the Hidden Realm risked their lives to send people to investigate the whereabouts of the Heaven Master.
When these creatures of the Hidden Realm saw the corpse of the Heaven Master from afar, they were extremely shocked.
But under Feng Ge's Boundless Heavenly Light, those creatures of the Hidden Realm did not dare to approach at all.
In the vast white world, Luo Zheng was still sitting quietly in the same place.
Since the Green Jade Spirit said that this was the Land of Inheritance, there must be a method of inheritance …
He gently stretched out his hand and waved it a few times in the air, but did not feel the slightest abnormality. This Boundless Heavenly Light should also be a kind of energy, and judging from the light released by the big lizard, there were different levels of energy utilization. At least, Feng Ge could not release light waves of that level.
The process of Feng Ge becoming a Pure Witch was also very strange. She did not enter this Land of Inheritance. The one who entered the Land of Inheritance should be the pig-faced monster "Hu Yun". However, Hu Yun had just become a Pure Witch and was about to appear out of nowhere, but he had accidentally mixed with Feng Ge.
"If that pig-faced monster can do it, so can I. Since the Boundless Heavenly Light is a kind of energy, there must be a way to control it …" Luo Zheng sat cross-legged and focused on comprehending.
The time it takes for an incense stick to burn passed …
Ten incense sticks of time passed …
Two hours …
That whiteness was still like a piece of snow-white paper, unable to be seen through or touched.
Luo Zheng was not anxious at all. He calmly stared at the white screen in front of him.
After observing quietly for six hours, he finally noticed something different. The white picture seemed to have moved, as if the white clouds in the sky were rolling.
"Eh? The image moved? "
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows, and the corners of his mouth curled up into a smile. He turned his gaze to the pillars again, and the outlines of the pillars became deeper!
"Continue!"
Another four hours passed, and the number of times those rays of light rolled like white clouds increased.
The white light was no longer a static picture, but was constantly rolling. At the same time, Luo Zheng also noticed that there were some brighter spots in the white light, but Luo Zheng hadn't noticed them before.
These specks of light were like aimless bugs, floating around at a slow speed.
"Could it be that the key lies in these specks of light?"
When this thought appeared, Luo Zheng stood up and walked towards one of the specks of light. However, as soon as Luo Zheng took a step, the aura in the entire space became chaotic. All the specks of light fluctuated along with the aura, and moved away from Luo Zheng.
"These specks of light are almost weightless. With the slightest fluctuation of energy, they will float …" Luo Zheng thought for a moment, and with a thought, he took out the green feather of the Wing Monarch.
When Luo Zheng moved again, the effect on the surrounding space was minimized by the feather. To be on the safe side, Luo Zheng even used the True Meaning of Nature.
"Hu …"
When he approached the specks of light again, the specks of light still fluctuated slightly, but the amplitude of the fluctuation was very slight. At least, it was in a controllable state.
Luo Zheng walked towards the specks of light, and tried to merge them with his eyes.
When the specks of light merged into Luo Zheng's eyes, he suddenly felt that everything around him had become a bit clearer.
"Sure enough …"
If he wanted to see this world clearly, he had to merge these specks of light into his eyes.
After Luo Zheng had entered this world, he had remained motionless. There would always be specks of light that would inadvertently enter his eyes, allowing him to see more and more clearly.
However, this process was too slow, and absorbing the specks of light was completely based on luck.
Now that he had found the pattern, how could Luo Zheng be polite?
He walked forward with light steps, constantly absorbing the specks of light.
After the time it took to burn a stick of incense, over a hundred specks of light had entered his eyes. The originally roiling white clouds gradually dimmed, and the outline of his surroundings became clearer. Luo Zheng discovered that he was standing in a white palace.
On the left side of the palace, there was a huge pillar, and in the center of the pillar, there was a white stone slab. Abstract pictures were drawn on the stone slab. Although these pictures were abstract, they could be clearly distinguished.
"This is a jellyfish?"
"This is a wolf …"
"This is a large lizard. Is it that God?"
After seeing this large lizard, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed, seeming to understand something.
He skimmed through the pictures in the pillar, counted, and then said, "There are a total of twenty stone slabs here. Are there twenty Pure Witches in the entire Desire Realm?"
"No, there are only nineteen Heavens in the Desire Realm. In theory, there are nineteen Pure Witches," the Green Jade Spirit said.
Although it couldn't see these pictures, it understood a little from Luo Zheng's muttering. At the same time, it added, "But don't forget, there is one more Pure Witch in the Desire Realm."
There were no Pure Witches in the thirteen Heavens, and Feng Ge was the first one.
After hearing the reminder of the Green Jade Spirit, Luo Zheng looked to the far side. The stone slab on the far side was actually a picture of a pig-faced monster, but the picture of this pig-faced monster was somewhat special. There was a human woman's head on its swollen body.
Seeing this picture, Luo Zheng couldn't help laughing.
Because of the possession, even this Land of Inheritance was a little chaotic.
After all, the Pure Witch herself was a pig-faced monster, and Feng Ge was just an occupant. He wondered what Feng Ge's expression would be when he saw this picture.
After scanning the "portraits" of these Pure Witches, Luo Zheng looked to the other side of the palace, and a trace of shock suddenly appeared on his face.
On that side, there was a huge stone slab, and on the stone slab was densely drawn Sanskrit.

Chapter 3217
There was a lot of information recorded in a single Sanskrit tablet. What was in front of him that required so many Sanskrit records?
The Spirit of Green Jade sensed Luo Zheng's emotional fluctuations and asked, "Luo Zheng, what did you see?"
"I saw a lot of Sanskrit!" Luo Zheng said excitedly.
"A lot?" The Spirit of Green Jade was also surprised.
It was also very interested in the Land of Inheritance of the Pure Witches. After all, it might involve the secrets of the higher level of the Instant Civilization.
"Yes," Luo Zheng glanced over, roughly estimated and replied, "There are about three or four hundred Sanskrit, and these Sanskrit are very unfamiliar. I'll let Nian …"
Now Luo Nian was getting more and more skilled at deciphering Sanskrit. Every time Luo Zheng saw a new Sanskrit, he subconsciously thought of Luo Nian.
But halfway through, Luo Zheng remembered that this was the Nirvana Realm. He could not throw Luo Nian here to decipher these Sanskrit. And because of the white light, he could not let Luo Nian "see" these Sanskrit. After all, even 9527 and the Spirit of Green Jade could not see these Sanskrit.
It was even more unrealistic to use stone rubbing to copy the Sanskrit. Luo Zheng could not bring those stone rubbing to the Nirvana Realm at all.
Just as the Spirit of Green Jade was thinking of a way, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly stared at the slate. The first Sanskrit tablet on the slate seemed to jump.
When the first Sanskrit tablet jumped, the second Sanskrit tablet also flipped fiercely, followed by the third and the fourth. This row of Sanskrit tablets began to flip one by one like rolling waves. Luo Zheng's eyes were quickly attracted by the changes of the Sanskrit tablets.
"I have an idea. You can give your eyesight to Luo Nian and let your eyesight replace his. Maybe it will work," the Spirit of Green Jade said while thinking. But Luo Zheng did not respond to the Spirit of Green Jade's words.
"Luo Zheng? Luo Zheng? "
After calling a few words, the Spirit of Green Jade naturally found that Luo Zheng was a little abnormal.
He stood there like a statue, staring blankly in front of him. He had completely fallen into some sort of trance.
In Luo Zheng's eyes, the Sanskrit characters on the stone slab had completely come to life. They were like little mice that were rotating. When they turned, they would release a trace of information, and as the Sanskrit characters turned one after another, they would continuously release information.
These messages were not "seen" by Luo Zheng, but the Sanskrit messages were automatically understood by Luo Zheng when he was reading them.
The Sanskrit that Luo Zheng had seen before required Luo Nian to decipher it before he could read the contents. However, the Sanskrit on the stone slab was different from any other time Luo Zheng had seen before. It could automatically release the hidden meaning.
When the Sanskrit characters reached the last one, they began to roll forward again. The angle of each Sanskrit character was different, and the information it released was also different.
Luo Zheng just stood there, looking at the Sanskrit words turning over and over …
Two hours later, the Sanskrit words on the stone slab finally stopped rolling.
"Luo Zheng!"
"Luo Zheng!"
When Luo Zheng heard the Spirit of Green Jade's voice from afar, he gradually regained consciousness and responded.
"What happened to you just now?" the Spirit of Green Jade asked.
Luo Zheng pointed to the stone slab with a strange expression and said, "I have already understood those Sanskrit characters."
"Understood? You can also decipher Sanskrit characters? "the Spirit of Green Jade asked in surprise.
He shook his head and told the Spirit of Green Jade what had happened on the stone slab. At the same time, he said, "The information released by these Sanskrit characters should be a kind of unique magic. When this information appeared, I seemed to have fallen into a very strange state."
This was the first time Luo Zheng had experienced this kind of cultivation method.
As he spoke, he flicked his hand. As his eyes flashed, a white light gathered at his fingertip, forming a dense ball of light. Just like Feng Ge, Luo Zheng could freely control the Boundless Brahma Heavenly Light.
As Luo Zheng flipped his hand again, this light was sucked into his palm, forming winding lines. At the same time, a spiral pattern appeared on Luo Zheng's palm.
"Whoosh …"
A small wave of light drilled out of this spiral. With a light flick of Luo Zheng's finger, this wave of light shot upward.
The power of this wave of light was far inferior to that of the giant lizard, but it was already in its embryonic form.
"So the wave of light that the giant lizard released was also learned from the stone slab. It is called the Brilliant Light Form. Feng Ge has never been to this world, so he naturally has never cultivated it, nor does he know how to use it."
Most importantly, the method of using the Boundless Brahma Heavenly Light was indescribable.
After observing the Sanskrit characters, Luo Zheng naturally grasped it. However, Luo Zheng couldn't express the way this magic operated. It was as if after observing the Sanskrit characters, it had naturally become his instinct!
"Then do you know how to leave this place?" the Spirit of Green Jade asked again.
"Leave …"
Luo Zheng's gaze swept across the palace. Apart from the pillars, there was no "door" on the surrounding walls. There was no exit. It was a completely sealed space.
However, with a slight thought, the magic embedded in the depths of his mind activated.
"Buzz …"
A small circle of light enveloped Luo Zheng's body, and he instantly disappeared into the circle of light.
In the next moment, Luo Zheng returned to the hidden domain.
Feng Ge, Luo Yan, and Ling Yun had been waiting in the hidden domain for several hours. At first, they were bored to death. However, the three women quickly surrounded Luo Zheng and chatted casually. Even the little bit of conflict between Ling Yun and Feng Ge disappeared.
Under the strong request of Feng Ge and Ling Yun, Luo Yan told them about Luo Zheng's childhood and even some of the things that happened in the Eastern Domain.
Feng Ge and Ling Yun, who grew up in the mother world, found it hard to understand.
Feng Ge was still okay. After all, she had also learned from Xun and the others. However, Ling Yun's face was full of disbelief.
After all, the people born in the mother world were strong. As long as their aptitude wasn't too bad, it wasn't difficult for them to become a True God.
However, Luo Zheng was considered the lowest level of living creature in the inner world. Ling Yun was naturally amazed that he could reach such a level. She thought it was unbelievable …
At this moment, a circle of light suddenly appeared beside them. Luo Zheng's figure also appeared from the circle of light.
"He really came back!" Luo Yan's eyes lit up when she saw her brother in the circle of light.
"What exactly is this circle of light? Why can it move you away?" Feng Ge asked.
"This circle of light, you will know once you enter it." Luo Zheng smiled and pointed at Feng Ge. He wanted to send Feng Ge into the palace of light. After she studied the Sanskrit on the stone slab, she would understand.
However, the circle of light didn't appear. Instead, the three women stared at Luo Zheng with a strange expression.

Chapter 3218
Pure Witches could not enter the Palace of Light infinitely. Otherwise, the Lord of Heaven could hide in the Palace of Light if he could not defeat Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng had just mastered the Brahma Limitless Light and could not use the halo. He could only wait for the next opportunity.
Now that Luo Yan had been rescued, there was no need to stay in the Dark Realm.
When Luo Zheng and the others were about to leave, some of the creatures hidden in the Dark Realm surrounded them and knelt down in front of Luo Zheng, worshipping him very sincerely.
Pure Witches were called "Lords of Heaven". Not only did they have absolute strength, but they were also the spiritual symbol of many creatures.
When the giant lizard fell, it meant that there was a change of dynasty in the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven.
Luo Zheng and the others paused for a moment. If they continued to move forward, the white light would annihilate these creatures of the Dark Realm.
"Get up. You can disperse," Luo Zheng said.
When the creatures of the Dark Realm heard Luo Zheng's words, they got up one by one and bowed respectfully to Luo Zheng before retreating in all directions.
During this process, Luo Zheng thought of something and suddenly pointed to a Cyclops not far away.
Luo Zheng had seen this Cyclops Race in the Thirteenth Layer of Heaven. These Cyclops Race had even snatched the Weapon of Civilization. They seemed to be widely distributed in the Nirvana Realm, comparable to the King Monkey Race.
This Cyclops Race was the leader of that race.
A new Master of Heaven was not something that the Nirvana races were happy to see, but this was not something that they could decide. They had to re-understand and ponder over the temperament and preferences of the new Master of Heaven.
However, the previous Lord of Heaven was too violent. Moreover, after so many years of pleasing the King Monkey, the Lord of Heaven was inclined to help the King Monkey.
The birth of a new Lord of Heaven was a good thing for the Cyclops Race.
The leader of the Cyclops Race came forward and cupped his hands toward Luo Zheng. "What orders does the Lord of Heaven have?"
"I have some friends in the Dark Realm. Help me take care of them," Luo Zheng said lightly.
"May I know who this friend of yours is?" The Cyclops leader's eyes lit up. This was an excellent opportunity to curry favor with the Heavenly Master. No matter what Luo Zheng requested, the Cyclops would do their best to fulfill it.
"They are Insect Masters," Luo Zheng said.
"Bug Master …"
The one-eyed monster leader was stunned for a moment before realizing that the Bug Master tribe was a small, unknown tribe. Moreover, it belonged to the territory controlled by the King Monkey.
If it had been someone else's request, the Cyclops might have had to consider the King Monkey's attitude, but this was an order from God!
"This one will definitely arrange it properly!"
The one-eyed monster leader was overjoyed. Not only would he be able to do the God Master a favor, but he would also be able to suppress the King Monkey. This was a great opportunity for the one-eyed monsters.
After receiving the order, the one-eyed monster leader retreated.
Luo Zheng and his group headed west. When they reached the edge of the Dark Realm, Luo Zheng asked Feng Ge to take out the black box. At the same time, he released the heads of all the monsters in the black box. Naturally, this included the Shapeshifting Magic Block.
"Since we've reached the Dark Realm, I'll fulfill my promise and let you go," Luo Zheng said. These monsters had been imprisoned in the iron house for countless years. Now that they were finally free, they were very excited as they looked around. Some of the monsters even came from the upper echelons of the Nirvana Realm. It was just that their strength had been suppressed after coming down. As long as they were given enough time, they could still survive in the Dark Realm.
The wind blew and the water rose.
Soon, these monsters scattered in all directions. Only the Shapeshifting Magic Block did not leave.
"Why didn't you leave?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
The Shapeshifting Magic Block stood in place with a complicated expression in its eyes.
This Shapeshifting Magic Block had originally been a pet for a lifetime. It was not impossible for it to survive independently outside. However, it felt that following Luo Zheng was an opportunity. People who could open the iron house were destined to be extraordinary!
"I, I want to follow you," the Shapeshifting Magic Block suddenly said.
"Follow me?" Luo Zheng was stunned. However, he smiled and said, "It's not a problem to follow me. However, I won't stay in the Dark Realm most of the time. Usually, in the Light Realm, you'll have to stay in this small space."
Luo Zheng was naturally referring to the box that was emitting black light.
"Of course." The Shapeshifting Magic Block shook its body.
It had endured countless years in the iron cage. Staying in the black box made no difference to it.
The Shapeshifting Magic Block could transform into any creature. It could still come in handy at critical moments.
Luo Zheng let it enter the black box. After putting it into Feng Ge's Sumeru Ring, everyone stepped out of the Dark Realm.
…
Min Qi and Min Mou waited for a long time before they dared to climb out of the cave. The battle between the Pure Witches was beyond their scope of participation.
When Luo Zheng did not appear for a long time, the two Bug Masters could only order their Sacred Beetles to escape. The journey back was peaceful.
When the two reported what happened in the Black Swamp, all the Bug Masters' faces were full of fear.
"Didn't our benefactor go to find trouble with the King Monkey? Why did he have a conflict with the God! "A Bug Master said with some agitation.
On the surface, the tragedy of the Bug Masters was caused by the King Monkey Clan. In fact, it was because the God needed to devour the Dark Swarm.
However, the God was the belief of most creatures in the Dark Realm. The Bug Masters were no exception. Although they had resentment in their hearts, these resentments would only be recorded on the account of the King Monkey Clan.
"I'm afraid challenging the God is courting death …" Another Bug Master with some status shook his head.
"Soon, I'm afraid the King Monkey Clan will blame us. I'm afraid …"
The news brought by Min Qi and Min Mou instantly suppressed the Bug Masters' emotions to the extreme. It could be imagined that they would soon face the slaughter of the King Monkey Clan.
Just when the Bug Masters were feeling depressed, a series of noisy footsteps suddenly came from afar.
The Bug Masters subconsciously thought that it was the King Monkey Clan coming and nervously looked into the distance.
In the darkness, more than ten figures filed out. They were actually from the Cyclops Clan!
The Cyclops Clan was a big clan that could fight the King Monkey head-on. They were also an existence that the Bug Masters absolutely could not associate with. It was just that the Bug Masters and the Cyclops Clan's territories were very far apart. The two clans did not have much interaction.
"Bug Master Clan?" A Cyclops Clan asked in a low voice.
"Yes!"
A few Bug Masters hurriedly went up to greet them.
"There's no need to be so courteous." The one-eyed monster said rather politely, "The new Heaven Master has ordered us to take good care of your Insect Master tribe. This place is too close to the King Monkey tribe, please follow us and leave!"
"The new God?"
"The God has changed?"
"Who is it then?"

Chapter 3219
It wasn't difficult to verify their conjecture from the one-eyed monster.
When the one-eyed monster personally told the Bug Master clan that the new Heaven Master was a human, all the Bug Masters boiled over at this moment.
Min Qi and Min Mou finally understood why these lofty one-eyed monsters would come in person, and with such a polite attitude …
That night, all the Bug Masters packed up their bags, drove all kinds of poisonous insects and ants, and moved away with these one-eyed monsters.
What awaited them was a different fate. Although the Bug Master clan's strength wasn't enough, and even if they were given more time, they probably wouldn't be able to do much in the dark realm. However, under the protection of the one-eyed monsters, they naturally wouldn't be as miserable as before.
…
The light realm of the Fourteenth Heaven seemed a little calm these days.
Previously, the interior of Tianshui City was in imminent danger. Even without the threat of the Giant clan and the Luring Weasel clan, the interior of Tianshui City would probably collapse first.
However, the Giant clan and the Luring Weasel clan were aggressive at the beginning. After being persuaded by Luo Zheng, they had been retreating to Wanling City. Many large clans in Tianshui City thought that the two clans were showing weakness to the Star Falcon clan.
This move naturally deepened the prestige of the Star Falcon clan, intimidating many large clans in Tianshui City, and helping the Star Falcon clan stabilize the situation.
Early in the morning, thousands of white apes had already gathered outside Tianshui City.
The White Ape clan used to be a member of Tianshui City, but they were later expelled by the Star Falcon clan.
This time, Bai Sheng helped the Star Falcon clan find Luo Yan, and even successfully led Luo Zheng into the dark realm. It could be considered a great contribution.
The Star Falcon clan re-granted the White Ape clan the right to enter the city and rewarded them with a large piece of territory in Tianshui City.
The chief of the White Ape clan walked at the front, followed by Bai Sheng.
Bai Sheng held his head high, as if he was a hero returning with honor.
The White Ape clan being able to have today was all thanks to him alone!
Even the chief had appointed Bai Sheng as his successor. He only had to wait until they settled in Tianshui City to pass on the chief position to him.
On top of the city wall, two huge Star Falcons were looking down at the activity below. These two Star Falcons were the two elders of the Star Falcon Clan who had stayed behind to guard the city. One was called Ling Yu, and the other was called Kong Luo.
After the defeat of the Star Falcon Clan, it was these two Elders who took charge of the overall situation, including the six Star Falcons that kidnapped Luo Yan.
"Lingyu, why did you let these trash into the city?" Kong Luo stared at the white apes with disdain in his eyes.
The White Ape Clan was a trash race that had been expelled from Tianshui City. They were not qualified to enter the city at all.
"The White Ape Clan ultimately helped our Star Falcon Clan at a critical moment," Ling Yu replied earnestly.
"So what if I helped? Just reward them casually. If we let these cats and dogs into Tianshui City, wouldn't the other big clans see us as a joke? "Kong Luo said.
"The joke is not important." Ling Yu's eyes revealed a shrewd light. "Now we have to let the major clans of Tianshui City understand that even now, there are still forces that choose to join the Star Falcon clan! We have nothing to lose by giving the White Ape Clan a piece of territory. It's killing two birds with one stone. "
Kong Luo nodded and then asked, "Is there still no news from the dark realm?"
Ling Yu shook his head. "Compared to these trivial matters, I'm more concerned about news from the dark realm. That woman named Feng Ge is a pure person. I'm afraid even the King Monkey Clan won't be able to deal with her."
The creatures of the dark realm were generally stronger than the creatures of the light realm, but that woman was actually a pure person. She was the nemesis of the creatures of the dark realm.
"Those two people haven't returned these days. They most likely died in the dark realm!" Kong Luo said. "Don't forget that there's another Heaven Master in the dark realm!"
At the mention of the Heaven Master, Ling Yu's confidence increased.
The Star Falcon Clan did not know much about the dark realm, but they understood the general situation. The King Monkey Clan would most likely borrow the Heaven Master's hand to kill those two humans. If the Heaven Master really took action, those two would probably have died in the dark realm …
"I'll send someone to the dark realm to inquire …" Ling Yu nodded.
At this moment, Ling Yu suddenly felt a tremor under his feet. Then, the entire city wall began to shake.
"Rumble …"
"What's going on?" Kong Luo's eyes flashed with a strange light.
The White Ape Clan that entered Tianshui City in succession also raised their heads and looked at the constantly shaking city wall.
"What's going on?" The White Ape Clan Leader asked.
Bai Sheng was also not very clear. He turned around and shouted, "My people, quickly enter the city!"
"Crack …"
At this moment, a loud tearing sound was heard. Not far away, a huge crack extended from the bottom of the city wall.
"Boom!"
A section of the city wall collapsed, and four figures appeared next to the city wall. It was Luo Zheng and the other three.
When Bai Sheng saw these four people, his expression changed abruptly. A bad premonition arose in his heart. When the Star Falcons saw these four people, their expressions also became abnormally ugly.
"Yan 'er, you guys withdraw from Paramita first," Luo Zheng said.
Luo Yan and Ling Yun's Yang Souls were still too weak. In a chaotic battle, they might be in danger.
"Mm." Luo Yan nodded.
"Remember! It's that white ape! It's that white ape that killed our big sister Yan Ling! "Ling Yun pointed fiercely at Bai Sheng below.
Previously, Ling Yun and Luo Yan did not understand why Bai Sheng would choose to betray the Jiuli Tribe. The Jiuli Tribe and the White Ape Clan had a good relationship. It turned out that it was to return to Tianshui City!
After Ling Yun and Luo Yan finished speaking, they withdrew from Paramita.
"Yo —"
More than a dozen Star Falcons spread their wings and flew straight to Luo Zheng.
These Star Falcons were the guards of Tianshui City. They did not know the inside story of Luo Zheng and the others. They only regarded Luo Zheng and Feng Ge as ordinary intruders.
After seeing these Star Falcons, Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly. With a sudden stomp of his legs, he turned into an electric arc and flew out.
"Crackle!"
This electric arc kept bouncing between the Star Falcons. In the blink of an eye, more than a dozen Star Falcons were charred and fell from mid-air into Tianshui City.
"Crackle!"
The arc of lightning flashed through the air in a huge arc, striking directly in front of Bai Sheng's body, bursting with lightning, causing the ears of the White Ape Clan members to ring.
Luo Zheng's figure quietly appeared. His eyes were full of coldness. "In order to have a foothold in Tianshui City, you actually cooperated with the Star Falcon Clan to kidnap my sister …"

Chapter 3220
After hearing Luo Zheng's words, Bai Sheng's jaw dropped.
Not only Bai Sheng, but the White Ape Clan's patriarch and elders were also dumbfounded.
The White Ape Clan had been away from Tianshui City for too long and didn't know much about the situation in the city. They never thought that there would be such a secret.
"No, impossible …" Bai Sheng's face was full of disbelief.
"What's impossible? Not to mention a mere Tianshui City, even the entire Fourteenth Heaven is now his. He is now the Lord of the Fourteenth Heaven. "Feng Ge also came down from the city wall and said.
However, when she came down, she carried a small half of the city wall on her shoulder. After she finished speaking, she suddenly threw that half of the city wall.
The city wall smashed into a huge Star Falcon statue in the square not far away. This Star Falcon statue had stood here for countless years. The moment the city wall smashed down, it turned into ruins.
"Tian, Lord of the Heavens …"
"He is the new Lord of the Heavens?"
"Could it be that the one in the Dark Realm …"
The Pure Witch's range of activity was not limited to the Dark Realm. The creatures in the Light Realm naturally knew about it. After all, it was the most powerful existence in the First Heaven.
"He has already been killed by him." After throwing the city wall, Feng Ge clapped his hands indifferently and patted the dust off his palms.
After Ling Yu and Kong Luo heard this, they looked at each other at the same time. Their eagle eyes were full of disbelief.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's appearance in Tianshui City was the worst news for the Star Falcon Clan.
This meant that the King Monkey Clan had already failed.
However, Ling Yu and Kong Luo deduced that the King Monkey Clan should have been unable to ask the Lord of the Heavens to take action. If the Lord of the Heavens had taken action, the man and woman of the Human Clan would have been defeated in the end.
Therefore, the Star Falcon Clan still had a last chance to turn the tables. They would have asked the Lord of the Heavens to take action at all costs.
However, according to Feng Ge, they actually killed the Lord of the Heavens and even replaced him!
"Is that human woman telling the truth?" Ling Yu's voice was trembling.
Kong Luo shook his head and said, "It's fake. He must be bragging!"
"Even if it's fake, we won't be able to protect Tianshui City. If it's real, I'm afraid our Star Falcon race will be completely annihilated. Let's take the other Star Falcons and abandon the city …" Ling Yu muttered.
While Bai Sheng was still in a daze, Ling Yu and Kong Luo had already flown into the sky, and at the same time, they let out a loud bird cry.
All the remaining Star Falcons in Tianshui City rose from the ground and followed the two elders. They had completely abandoned Tianshui City.
The Star Falcon Clan had given up on Sky Water City so cleanly. All the clans and powers in the city were dumbfounded. Even the White Ape Clan was dumbfounded.
Today was a joyous occasion for the White Ape Clan to enter the city, but the Star Falcon Clan had chosen to abandon the city as soon as they entered. This was truly ironic …
"Your White Ape Clan is on good terms with Li Shan, so you could have returned to Tianshui City openly. Unfortunately, you made the wrong choice …" Luo Zheng said as he reached out and placed his palm on Bai Sheng's head.
At this moment, Bai Sheng didn't dare to resist at all. He didn't even have the courage to run away. He just stood there trembling, his heart filled with endless regret.
Seeing how the Star Falcon Clan had fled so decisively, Luo Zheng was probably telling the truth. At that time, he shouldn't have taken the extra step to curry favor with the Star Falcon Clan!
However, there was no medicine for regret in this world. Bai Sheng only heard a crackling sound from above, and dazzling arcs of electricity had already enveloped his entire body …
In a moment, Bai Sheng had turned into a piece of charcoal in front of Luo Zheng.
When the other White Ape Clan members saw this scene, their hearts were also filled with fear, waiting for Luo Zheng to deal with them.
The main reason for this matter was still Bai Sheng. The White Ape Clan wasn't at fault. However, after learning the truth, the White Ape Clan still enjoyed the fruits of Bai Sheng's labor with a clear conscience — entering Tianshui City.
From this point of view, everyone in the White Ape Clan had offended Luo Zheng.
"All of you, withdraw from Tianshui City," Luo Zheng said coldly.
The leader of the White Ape Clan had been waiting for Luo Zheng's decision. When he heard that they were to withdraw from Tianshui City, he was immediately overjoyed.
Under such circumstances, it was already a great fortune to be able to preserve the lives of their clansmen!
After the White Ape Clan withdrew from Tianshui City, Luo Yan and Ling Yun returned to the other side.
Ling Yun looked at Bai Sheng, who had been struck by lightning and turned into charcoal, and her voice was still cold. "This kid got off too easy. He killed our Senior Sister Yan Ling. Even if he was cut into a thousand pieces, it wouldn't be enough!"
Luo Yan also sighed. "I hope he can comfort Senior Sister Yan Ling's soul."
Since the Star Falcon Clan had already left, Luo Zheng had no need to stay here.
Tianshui City was already considered a city without a master, but Luo Zheng naturally couldn't occupy this city alone.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to return to Wanling City, three Nirvana creatures in Tianshui City stepped forward. These three Nirvana creatures each represented three major Nirvana Clans, and the power of these three clans in Tianshui City was second only to the Star Falcon Clan.
The purpose of these three clans was very clear. Since Luo Zheng had driven away the Star Falcon Clan, he was naturally the master of Tianshui City.
Luo Zheng naturally couldn't do it alone.
Naturally, the three great clans were the most suitable ones to manage such a large city on their behalf.
The actions of the three clans were exactly the same as the actions of the Baitou Clan and the Giant Clan in Wanling City, but the difference was that the Giant Clan and the Baitou Clan were more sincere. Before Luo Zheng gave the order, the Baitou Clan and the Giant Clan had already taken action in advance and destroyed the Black Bear Clan.
These three clans obviously dared to step forward after seeing the Star Falcon Clan escape, which was a level lower than the Baitou Clan and the Giant Clan.
"You're late," Luo Zheng glanced at them indifferently, then walked out of the city with Feng Ge and the others.
The clan leaders of the three clans looked at each other. They were extremely shrewd and instantly understood Luo Zheng's meaning. Luo Zheng already had a suitable candidate to manage Tianshui City!
"No matter who you choose, they're not as suitable as us. We're the real …" A clan leader chattered with Luo Zheng, hoping to fight for this opportunity.
Luo Zheng finally stopped and looked coldly at the clan leader and said, "You should be glad that the Star Falcon Clan took the initiative to leave Tianshui City. Otherwise, there would be rivers of blood here, and you wouldn't be able to escape."
The clan leader immediately chose to shut up and didn't dare to say anything more. He watched Luo Zheng leave.
Dozens of Sun Souls gathered in a few high-lying buildings in Tianshui City.
These Sun Souls came from the Golden Crow Clan, You Xiong Clan, the Divine Farmer Clan, and the Minyue Clan.
The expressions on their faces were extremely complicated as they watched Luo Zheng's departing figure.
"It's over. Now, let alone Wanling City, we can't even stay in Tianshui City!"
"It's not just Tianshui City that can't stay. It should be the 14th Layer of Heaven!"
"How did things develop to this point?"

Chapter 3221
Before Luo Zheng left Wanling City, he had called back Chidian and Blood Roar.
These days, Blood Roar often carried that thick metal stick and paced back and forth in front of the City Guards Mansion.
Except for Chidian, the leader of the Weasel Tribe, no one else dared to approach. Blood Roar's full attack under its rage was enough to smash any creature into a meat patty.
A few days ago, when it was about to take down Tianshui City, it was forcibly called back by Luo Zheng!
Once it thought of this, it felt as if there was a thorn in its throat, making it very restless.
The key was that Blood Roar was still worried about the safety of Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
The Dark Domain was much more dangerous than the Light Domain. Luo Zheng would be in danger if he rashly broke in.
These days, Blood Roar wanted to lead the Giant Tribe to attack Tianshui City again several times, but it was stopped by Chidian.
Chidian was not afraid of the remaining forces in Tianshui City, but it would not act on its own when Luo Zheng was not there.
Just as Blood Roar was getting more and more anxious, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge finally appeared in Wanling City.
After seeing Luo Zheng, Blood Roar's burly figure greeted Luo Zheng with excitement on its face, "City Guards have returned safely!"
Luo Zheng knew that Blood Roar's excitement was more about the gains and losses of the Giant Tribe and him, but Luo Zheng was still very touched that a Nirvana Realm creature was so concerned about his safety.
In the lobby of the City Guards Mansion.
The core figures of the Weasel Tribe and the Giant Tribe gathered together.
These Nirvana Realm creatures in Wanling City did not know that Luo Zheng had been to Tianshui City. Chidian even thought for a while before asking, "City Guards, when do you plan to attack Tianshui City?"
"I've been to Tianshui City," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"You've been there?" Chidian's soybean-sized eyes showed surprise.
"The Star Falcon Tribe has escaped from Tianshui City, and no one dares to resist. You can take people to take over Tianshui City," Luo Zheng said.
No matter how the Star Falcon Tribe escaped, they were still in the Fourteenth Heaven.
Without Tianshui City as their foundation, and having been severely injured by Luo Zheng, it was impossible for this large clan to recover in a short time.
Luo Zheng naturally didn't have the intention to chase down the remaining Star Falcon Clan. When the time came, he could just let the great clans of Sky Water City and Myriad Spirit City chase after them.
Three days later, the Giant Tribe and the Ferret Tribe entered Tianshui City.
Sure enough, as Luo Zheng said, after entering the city, no one dared to stop them. Even several major races in Tianshui City rushed to seek refuge with the Ferret Tribe and the Giant Tribe.
Crimson Lightning and Blood Roar also knew that if these major races joined forces, they would still have the power to fight. The biggest reason why they were able to smoothly take over Sky Water City was because of Luo Zheng!
As a result, Luo Zheng occupied the only two cities in the Fourteenth Heaven.
After that, Luo Zheng invited Li Shan to Wanling City.
Li Shan originally wanted to refuse. After all, Li Shan's stronghold had never been set up in the city.
But Luo Zheng didn't want anyone to have any ideas about Luo Yan. In the end, he persuaded Li Shan's people to relocate Li Shan's stronghold to Wanling City.
… …
The entire Fourteenth Heaven now fell into the hands of Greater One Heavenly Palace, or rather, Luo Zheng.
This news once again made the Land of Sword Grief boil.
All the disciples of the Heavenly Palace could walk unhindered in the Fourteenth Heaven. Two months ago, this was simply an unimaginable thing!
The disciples of the Heavenly Palace on the first floor revered Luo Zheng as if he was a god.
A few days later, it was the beginning of the month again.
According to the rules of the Land of Sword Grief, all the disciples of the Land of Sword Grief automatically obtained the right to challenge all the disciples on the same floor and determine their position on the Ranking Stone.
Those disciples ranked in the top ten originally coveted Luo Zheng's first place and were thinking of pulling him down.
But last month, because Luo Zheng was in seclusion, no one on the first floor dared to disturb him.
Today was a new month. The disciples of the first floor chose to come out of seclusion and choose their opponents to challenge. The fighting stage behind the bronze building was surrounded by disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
After Luo Zheng came out of Room 1, he also came to the fighting stage.
As soon as he appeared, he attracted the attention of many people.
"Luo Zheng came out of seclusion!"
"This time he intends to use his right to challenge?"
"He won't challenge the Second floor, will he?"
"It's possible …"
Luo Zheng didn't pay attention to those discussions and focused on the fighting stage.
There were two people fighting on the fighting stage. One of them was Chou Xun, and the other was an old man of the Land of Sword Grief named Zhao Jiuxiang, ranked 600th.
As a newly promoted disciple, Chou Xun dared to challenge an old man ranked 600th on his second challenge. He was quite courageous.
In fact, the newcomers this time had performed well. For example, Feng Ge, Luo Yan, Mo Yijian, and a few others had all entered the top 1000 in the first month. In the past, this would have been very impressive.
But this time, a monster like Luo Zheng had appeared. The difference between the two was too great. The so-called "impressive" performances of Mo Yijian, Chou Xun, and the others did not attract the attention of others.
"Pa, pa, pa!"
On the fighting stage, Chou Xun circled around Zhao Jiuxiang like a gust of wind.
In a situation where they were unable to use the Nirvana Realm Token, the two of them were competing on strength, physical strength, and pure skills.
Zhao Jiuxiang had the absolute advantage in physical strength, but his movement technique was inferior to Chou Xun's. Every time Zhao Jiuxiang wanted to get close to Chou Xun, Chou Xun would always use ingenious methods to avoid him.
After dodging too many times, Zhao Jiuxiang became a little impatient.
He increased his speed and was about to force Chou Xun into a corner.
But Chou Xun seemed to have calculated it. With a slight twist of his shoulder, he dodged past Zhao Jiuxiang like an agile fish.
Zhao Jiuxiang did not expect this move. His back was already wide open.
How could Chou Xun let go of such an opportunity?
He came to a sudden stop. After flipping around, he compressed his strength to the limit before sending out three palms at Zhao Jiuxiang!
"Three Layered Waves!"
Chou Xun was particular about planning before taking action. The reason why he dared to challenge Zhao Jiuxiang who was ranked 600th was because he had fused with a new Nirvana token at the 14th Level Heaven.
The Nirvana token in the Desire Realm granted him a stronger Nirvana Energy. This was also the reason why Chou Xun was so confident.
The three palms he sent out with all his strength contained profound principles. Every palm contained close to 3,000 divine catties of strength. Furthermore, the three palms overlapped each other, increasing the power.
Zhao Jiuxiang had entered the Chaotic Origin Realm for a long time. After cultivating for a long time, the Chaotic Origin Spirit in his body had improved significantly. Even so, it was still hard for him to take on such attacks.
The powerful palm force entered his body through his back, causing the Chaotic Origin Spirit in his body to become fatigued. The remaining energy was still surging within his body, forcing him to cough out a mouthful of blood.
"Zhao Jiuxiang was actually defeated?"
"This Chou Xun cannot be underestimated. He has only been in the Land of Sword Grief for half a month yet he has defeated Zhao Jiuxiang!"
"He might be powerful, but he is still incomparable to Luo Zheng …"
When Chou Xun heard those words, he revealed a helpless smile on his face.
This new Nirvana token he fused with was given to him by the Ear Mouse Clan. And the reason why the Ear Mice gave him the Nirvana token was because of Luo Zheng's reputation.
After all, the entire Myriad Spirit City was trying to curry favor with Luo Zheng.
As for comparing him with Luo Zheng?

Chapter 3222
Chou Xinghe came down from the stage and saw Luo Zheng below the stage. He smiled and said, "Brother Luo Zheng, you've also come out of seclusion?"
When Luo Zheng came to the front of the stage, only a small number of people noticed him. Most of the disciples on the first floor had their attention on the stage.
When Chou Xinghe said that, all the disciples on the first floor focused their attention on Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng turned the City Guard Mansion of Wanling City into the stronghold of the Heavenly Palace, Luo Zheng was either running around outside or busy communicating with the Nirvana Realm races in Wanling City. It was not easy to see Luo Zheng in the Nirvana Realm.
But after returning to the Land of Sword Grief, Luo Zheng was still their "Junior Brother". The difference in status was not that big, so it was naturally easier for them to ask.
"It's Brother Luo Zheng! Brother Luo Zheng, I remember the Heavenly Cloud Clan gave me a rare golden turtle. Can you give me that golden turtle? "
"Brother Luo Zheng, when will you distribute the soul crystals again?"
"Junior Brother Luo, I received 200,000 soul pills from the Scaled Tiger Clan. Can I not hand them over …"
Taiyi Heavenly Palace was not rich in the Nirvana Realm. Even in the Desire Realm, soul crystals were still scarce.
The disciples in the Land of Sword Grief found soul crystals with great difficulty or exchanged them for some soul pills, but they always had to pay a part of it to the stronghold.
The stronghold also took care of the many disciples and distributed them according to their needs. The problem was that several races in Wanling City often "extorted" Taiyi Heavenly Palace. The annual tribute was not small, which put a heavy burden on the stronghold.
But after Luo Zheng came, not only did they not have to pay tribute, but the entire Wanling City also paid tribute to Taiyi Heavenly Palace. Now Tianshui City also joined in.
It could be said that the resources of the entire Fourteenth Heaven were in the hands of Luo Zheng alone. How could the disciples in the Land of Sword Grief not be jealous?
Luo Zheng had already given Chou Xinghe and Ling Shuang once.
Almost all of the disciples on the first floor benefited equally from the rain and dew, obtaining great benefits.
Human desires were endless. In the past, the Heavenly Palace's stronghold had been too poor. It was good enough that everyone took care of themselves. They would take as much as the Heavenly Palace could give them.
Right now, Luo Zheng was guarding a mountain of gold!
Among the disciples of the first floor, not only did the disciples of the 15th, 16th, and 17th Heavens come down, even the disciples of higher levels, such as Chun Hao and the other top existences of the first floor, planned to return to the 14th Heavens.
Although Chun Hao and Luo Zheng had a grudge against each other, in front of the Soul Crystal and other benefits, this grudge was nothing.
Many disciples from the first floor surrounded Luo Zheng. In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng was surrounded by three layers of disciples.
"This …"
Chou Xue saw that his greeting had actually attracted such a reaction, which was completely unexpected.
Luo Zheng didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He didn't expect the disciples on the first floor to have such a reaction.
Seeing that more and more people were gathering around, he could only wave his hand and say, "Everyone, please deal with the matters in the other side of the world!"
How could these people not know this rule?
But it was not so easy to find Luo Zheng in the Wanling City. They had to go through the Weasel Tribe and the Giant Tribe. Now that they were facing Luo Zheng in person, no one was willing to let go of the opportunity to ask for help.
"It's the same to talk about the matters in the other side of the world here!"
"You and I are both disciples of the Heavenly Palace. Why bother …"
"Brother Luo Zheng, I …"
"Shut up, all of you!"
Just as everyone was discussing amongst themselves, a cold and stern voice rang out.
Everyone looked over and saw Ling Shuang.
That day, Luo Zheng carried Ling Shuang all the way from the 13th Heavens to the 14th Heavens. The disciples of the Heavenly Palace also saw the relationship between Luo Zheng and Ling Shuang. This matter was also spread in the Land of Sword Grief.
What's more, her status was relatively high. Under such a cold rebuke, no one said anything more.
"If you need anything or do anything, just find Chou Xue and record it. If the request is reasonable, there will be no problem. Although Luo Zheng occupies the Wanling City, the resources are not unlimited. What's more … he doesn't owe you anything!" Ling Shuang continued.
After occupying the Wanling City, Luo Zheng handed the collected resources to Chou Xue for distribution. Luo Zheng did not give any restrictions. As long as it was a request of the disciples of the Heavenly Palace, he would grant it.
It was human nature to be greedy. This also caused the disciples of the first floor to eagerly wait in Wanling City. The resources that they collected, except for the portion that was left for Luo Zheng, were instantly divided among the other disciples!
According to this trend, it would not be long before all the disciples of the first floor would hide in the Wanling City and wait for Luo Zheng to feed them.
This was not only unfavorable to Luo Zheng, but also to the disciples of the entire Land of Sword Grief.
"Princess Ling Shuang is right. Brother Luo Zheng asked me to manage it. If you have any requests, just come to me," Chou Xue also smiled at the crowd.
However, the requests put forward by these people were more or less excessive. It was basically impossible to get past Chou Xue. Coupled with Ling Shuang's words, the disciples of the first floor were suddenly unhappy.
"Humph, what's the use of looking for you?"
"I heard that the Soul Crystals handed in by the Weasel Tribe and the Giant Tribe every month are as many as ten thousand fingers, but only one finger is given to us …"
"Chou Xue, last time I asked you to help me ask for a Nirvana Realm token from Chidian. It's not too difficult to ask, but you flatly refused …"
These disciples, who were still fawning over Chou Xue just now, had changed their expressions at this moment. They even turned around and blamed Chou Xue.
In fact, the implication was that even Luo Zheng was blamed.
But after all, they did not dare to offend Luo Zheng. Most of them were targeting Chou Xue.
Looking at the ugly faces of the disciples of the first floor, Luo Zheng also frowned.
After occupying the Thousands Spirit City, Luo Zheng also realized that he would obtain a huge amount of resources.
Luo Zheng alone could not consume all the resources in the Fourteenth Heaven, and Luo Zheng, as a disciple of the Heavenly Palace, should indeed give back to the Heavenly Palace. Luo Zheng was also willing to share a part of it with the Land of Sword Grief. He never thought that it would lead to such a reaction from the disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
At this moment, Feng Ge strolled out from the back door of the bronze building, and at the same time said in a cold voice, "Sure enough, you were bullied in the Thousands Spirit City in the past, and did not even dare to fart. Now that Luo Zheng and I have occupied the city, you are quite confident in front of us?"
For the Greater One Heavenly Palace to have such a situation in the Fourteenth Heaven, Feng Ge also had half the credit. Her words immediately suppressed the disciples of the first floor.
But in the end, there were still some people who were not convinced. Fang Wei, who was standing in the corner, suddenly said, "According to the rules of the Land of Sword Grief, the disciples should pay half of the resources they excavate, and share it with each disciple of the Land of Sword Grief. In the past, we have followed this rule, so there is nothing wrong with everyone's request …"
Before Fang Wei finished speaking, a golden scroll appeared in Feng Ge's hand. She smiled coldly and opened the scroll, saying at the same time, "The Eastern Emperor's Imperial Decree, the resources obtained by me and Luo Zheng belong to me and Luo Zheng. There is no need to share it with the Land of Sword Grief. We can distribute it however we like, you can open your dog eyes wide and watch!"
Feng Ge would not be polite to these guys who did not know what was good for them!

Chapter 3223
After Feng Ge finished speaking, she stretched out her hand and gently threw the scroll behind her.
The golden scroll was nailed to the door like an arrow. The scroll hung down, revealing the contents of the edict.
Donghuang had personally issued an edict. Of course, it would not be as straightforward as Feng Ge's words, but that was the general meaning.
These days, Feng Ge had been in Wanling City. Compared to Luo Zheng, who had been busy cultivating, Feng Ge had more contact with the disciples of the Sword of Grief and could see more clearly.
Feng Ge had long expected that the issue of resource allocation would develop to this point.
Even if the Fourteenth Heaven was at the bottom of the Desire Realm, it was still very shocking when added together. There must be rules to endorse, otherwise it would definitely be chaotic!
Therefore, Feng Ge quietly returned to the Taiyi Palace for this purpose. She directly found Donghuang and issued an edict!
As soon as this edict was issued, the disciples on the first floor were completely speechless.
They had hoped to get more, but they never thought that Feng Ge would do such a thing. Moreover, this was Donghuang's edict, which could not be disobeyed!
The crowd, who had been noisy, suddenly fell silent.
If it was really like what Feng Ge said, the resources that everyone wanted to get would probably be in vain.
"Donghuang said that you will distribute it. How do you plan to distribute it …" Someone asked in a low voice.
Feng Ge shrugged her shoulders, turned her gaze to Luo Zheng, and nodded to him.
Luo Zheng glanced at these people indifferently.
He had previously asked Chou Xue to try his best to satisfy the demands of these people, but the result was more greedy demands. This was human nature. He sneered and said, "Everything will be as usual. Brother Chou Xue will handle it for me."
The edict that Feng Ge had taken out earlier was a big stick. After these guys who did not know what was good for them suffered the stick, Luo Zheng threw out the "carrot" appropriately. The same conditions were exchanged for endless gratitude.
"If you have any requests, you can register with me. Come one by one and line up properly!" Chou Xue said with a smile.
The issue of resource allocation had come to an end. Under Chou Xue's supervision, there would naturally be no problems.
Following that, another person jumped onto the stage to compete for their own ranking.
The new disciples challenged each other, the new disciples challenged each other, the old disciples challenged each other, and the old disciples challenged each other on the first floor. However, no one dared to challenge Luo Zheng …
On one hand, it was because of Luo Zheng's high status in the Nirvana Realm. On the other hand, the scene of Luo Zheng defeating Chun Hao was still vivid in their minds.
Luo Zheng was not in a hurry. He silently observed from below the fighting ring.
After more than ten fights, Luo Zheng finally stepped onto the stage.
Others did not dare to challenge Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng could take the initiative to challenge others!
After Luo Zheng stood on the fighting stage, many people had expectations in their eyes.
"This time, Luo Zheng's target should be the Second Floor, right?"
"The first time he entered the Land of Sword of Grief, he took first place. The second time he challenged it, he ascended to the Second Floor?"
"I think it's too exaggerated, but Luo Zheng might be able to do it …"
Whether it was the Land of Sword of Grief or the Nirvana Realm, Luo Zheng's performance was obvious to all.
When Luo Zheng was about to exercise his right to challenge, many people on the Second Floor cast their gazes toward the fighting ring.
There were a total of 203 people on the Second Floor.
Compared to the disciples on the First Floor, the disciples on the Second Floor had been reborn. Their strength was one level higher than the disciples on the First Floor.
Even Long Yi, who ranked last on the Second Floor, was stronger than Chun Hao.
In order to climb to the Second Floor, Chun Hao had challenged Long Yi several times. However, he had failed miserably every time.
There was only one rank between Chun Hao and Long Yi. However, this one rank represented the huge gap between the First Floor and the Second Floor.
"Long Yi, I think Luo Zheng might challenge you," the fair-skinned scholar said with a smile.
Gu Lie nodded by the side of the scholar, "If he defeats you, he will be able to stand firmly on the Second Floor. This should be his first step!"
A dark-skinned hunk stood by the side of the two. This dark-skinned hunk was the "Long Yi" mentioned by the scholar. He was also one of the last ranked disciples on the Second Floor.
"He does not have the strength to stand on the Second Floor yet." Long Yi proudly said.
"That might not be the case." Gu Lie shook his head, "Don't forget that he has occupied the 14th Level Heaven. He is truly a mysterious fellow!"
"He is indeed mysterious. But it is far from enough to challenge me." Long Yi shook his head, "No matter what, he has just reached the Chaotic Origin Realm not long ago. Perhaps he might have some methods to strengthen himself. But those are ultimately unorthodox methods. I'll just break through them!"
Luo Zheng suddenly waved his finger on the fighting ring. This finger happened to point at Long Yi.
"He is indeed challenging me?" A strand of coldness appeared on Long Yi's face. Being ranked last was a huge humiliation. This was also why Long Yi cared about his ranking. Luo Zheng's decision to challenge him unintentionally made Long Yi feel even more displeased, 'Then I'll let you understand what the Second Floor is …'
Just as this thought appeared in Long Yi's mind, Luo Zheng pointed at the Second Floor and said, "I want to challenge Zheng Shuangqi of the Second Floor!"
The audience was silent for a moment. Suddenly, an uproar broke out.
"Luo Zheng wants to challenge Zheng Shuangqi!"
"Heavens!"
"The first time he challenged the first ranked of the First Floor, Chun Hao. The second time, he wants to challenge the first ranked of the Second Floor, Zheng Shuangqi. Doesn't that mean Luo Zheng is going to challenge the first ranked of the Sword of Grief, Li Bianxue?"
"In my opinion, it is only a matter of time before he challenges Li Bianxue. But Luo Zheng has only entered the Sword of Grief for two months. Just two months …"
Who was Zheng Shuangqi?
Seven years ago, Zheng Shuangqi issued his last challenge to the Third Floor. After his defeat, he no longer had any plans to challenge the Third Floor. The disciples of the Second Floor also crazily challenged Zheng Shuangqi, but no one had ever pulled him down from the first place of the Second Floor.
There were two hundred and two people on the Second Floor, and Zheng Shuangqi was on a different level all by himself!
The expressions on the faces of the fair scholar, Gu Lie, Long Yi, and the other disciples of the Second Floor were extremely interesting. The fair scholar opened his folding fan and said to Long Yi, "It seems that we all guessed wrong. He doesn't like you at all …"
"He doesn't like you either," Long Yi retorted.
"He also doesn't like me," Gu Lie said with a self-deprecating smile.
They really didn't expect Luo Zheng to directly challenge that freak Zheng Shuangqi …
Even Lian Chou, Mo Yijian, Ling Shuang, and the others were dumbfounded. Luo Zheng planned to activate the World Inheritance here? If he didn't activate the World Inheritance, challenging Zheng Shuangqi was no different from courting death. After all, the gap between them was too big.
"Zheng Shuangqi is in seclusion. Wait a moment, I'll go get him!"
There was no lack of busybodies on the Second Floor. After saying this, that person really went to find Zheng Shuangqi.

Chapter 3224
Room 1 on the far right of the Second Floor was Zheng Shuangqi's secret cultivation room.
It was a taboo to disturb someone's seclusion, but there was an exception in the Land of Sword Grief, which was when the right to challenge was exercised at the beginning of every month.
Unless there was a special reason to stay on the other side, under normal circumstances, one would have to accept the challenge.
Zheng Shuangqi had just returned from the other side a few days ago. He found a clue about the temple, and following this clue, he might find an undiscovered temple.
After Zheng Shuangqi sorted out these clues, he prepared to go out. There were three Sanskrit words that needed to be deciphered.
Other than Donghuang himself, there were a few people in the Tai Yi Heaven Palace who were good at deciphering Sanskrit, but to get them to decipher it would cost a lot, and there was no guarantee of time.
But Zheng Shuangqi didn't have many choices. There were some people in Ming Hu who could decipher Sanskrit, but their standards were even worse.
"Dong dong dong …"
At this moment, someone knocked on the door of the secret cultivation room.
Hearing the knocking, Zheng Shuangqi frowned slightly.
Today was the first day of the month, and also the day of the challenge in the Land of Sword Grief.
All the disciples of the Second Floor wanted to pull him down from the first place. He had been challenged countless times over the years, but he was still the first place of the Second Floor, as stable as a mountain.
Four months ago, Zheng Shuangqi was tired of the endless challenges and severely defeated a disciple of the Second Floor. The disciples of the Second Floor realized the gap between them and Zheng Shuangqi and finally stopped for a period of time.
Zheng Shuangqi thought that he would be able to stop for at least a year and a half, but after four months, someone had the idea of challenging him?
It seemed that he wasn't ruthless enough last time!
After opening the door, Zheng Shuangqi stared outside. Standing at the door was Song Fei, ranked 168 on the Second Floor.
"You want to challenge me?" Zheng Shuangqi stared at Song Fei and asked.
Song Fei's face revealed a mocking smile, "How would I dare?"
There weren't many people in the Second Floor who dared to challenge Zheng Shuangqi, and Song Fei was obviously not one of them.
"Who is that?" Zheng Shuangqi asked again.
"That person is called Luo Zheng, and he's already standing on the stage," Song Fei replied.
"Luo Zheng? I've never heard of this person. "Zheng Shuangqi was stunned again.
During this period of time, Zheng Shuangqi had been cultivating in the secret chamber, so he wasn't aware of what had happened in the Land of Sword Grief.
The name Luo Zheng was unfamiliar. He didn't seem to be from the Second Floor.
Zheng Shuangqi's strange expression was within Song Fei's expectations. Song Fei laughed and said, "That kid is first place on the first floor. He hasn't entered the second floor yet."
The champion of the first floor didn't even come up to the second floor, and he directly challenged the champion of the second floor?
A strange look appeared on Zheng Shuangqi's face.
Let alone the champion of the first floor, even the top ten rankers of the second floor had to be careful when challenging Zheng Shuangqi. They had to be prepared to be seriously injured or even die!
Zheng Shuangqi walked out of the secret cultivation room and asked, "Is this person not clear about the situation?"
He stood by the window on the second floor, and his gaze had already descended onto the arena. On the arena stood a young man in black clothes. This young man stood with his hands behind his back as he looked at the second floor. His eyes were spirited, and his face was suffused with boundless confidence.
The black-clothed young man was naturally the waiting Luo Zheng.
When Zheng Shuangqi stood by the window, the disciples of the first floor below the arena immediately burst into an uproar.
"The second floor's Zheng Shuangqi has come out!"
"It seems that Zheng Shuangqi intends to accept the challenge!"
"I'd like to see if Luo Zheng can still create a miracle this time …"
Actually, at this point, many people really hoped that Luo Zheng could defeat Zheng Shuangqi. However, almost everyone knew that this was simply impossible.
Once was enough for a miracle to happen to a person. The possibility of consecutive miracles happening to a person was almost negligible.
On the second floor, Gu Lie, the pale-faced scholar, Long Yi, and the others were also staring at Zheng Shuangqi. They wanted to see how Zheng Shuangqi would respond.
They knew that Zheng Shuangqi wasn't willing to accept the challenge, but Luo Zheng had exercised his right to challenge Zheng Shuangqi. In addition, he was the champion of the first floor. This was in accordance with the rules. Zheng Shuangqi had no right to refuse!
"I heard that you wanted to challenge me? Who gave you the courage? "
Zheng Shuangqi looked down coldly at Luo Zheng, who was on the arena.
That aloof look made it seem as though he was looking down at an ant.
He didn't know about Luo Zheng's recent series of valiant battle results and his deeds in the Nirvana Realm. If he knew, Zheng Shuangqi might have been more polite.
He only thought that Luo Zheng was a new disciple of the first floor. After climbing to the first floor's position, he was flushed with success and actually had the wishful thinking of challenging him, the champion of the second floor!
Luo Zheng raised his head and stared at Zheng Shuangqi. When he heard what Zheng Shuangqi said, Luo Zheng's expression didn't change at all. He just said calmly, "The Land of Sword Grief grants every disciple the right to challenge."
"Is that so?"
Zheng Shuangqi walked out of the window without saying a word.
Every time he took a step, a fist-sized spatial grid would suddenly appear under his feet. These spatial grids combined to form a staircase.
When he took another step, the spatial grid would condense into another staircase. That was the supernatural power of the True Meaning of Void and Vanishing.
He walked down from the second floor directly and stepped on the arena. At the same time, he said, "I don't have time to play with you. Although you do have the right to challenge me, you should give up. You shouldn't be interested in me, and you shouldn't choose me to challenge. There are many people there who are more suitable for you."
As Zheng Shuangqi spoke, he pointed to the second floor.
Many disciples on the second floor had left the secret cultivation room and were standing by the window to watch the show.
Zheng Shuangqi felt that he had been very patient in these few months of closed-door cultivation.
If it was four months ago, he wouldn't have warned Luo Zheng that since he dared to challenge him, he should be prepared to get injured or even die.
At this point, this kid called Luo Zheng should choose to give up, right?
However, Luo Zheng still looked at Zheng Shuangqi with indifferent eyes and said, "I have no interest in you. The reason I challenged you is because you occupy the first place of the second floor. If I win, I can challenge the third floor. Therefore, you are naturally the most suitable opponent."
The disciples on the first floor and some of the disciples on the second floor knew about Luo Zheng's previous performance. They didn't find Luo Zheng's words strange.
After all, Luo Zheng's performance had far surpassed Li Bianxue's in the past. It was only a matter of time before he stood on the third floor.
However, this was the first time some of the disciples on the second floor had heard of Luo Zheng. When Luo Zheng said these words, their eyes suddenly became straight.

Chapter 3225
In the eyes of these Second floor disciples who were unaware of the situation, Zheng Shuangqi had already given Luo Zheng a way out.
But Luo Zheng was unwilling to come down and still insisted on challenging Zheng Shuangqi. It seemed that he didn't know what was good for him.
"He came out of nowhere," Gu Lie explained with a smile, "He is a new disciple of this batch and has only been in the Sword Grief Land for two months."
"No wonder, it's only been two months, he probably hasn't figured out the Sword Grief Land yet … Wait!"
The Second floor disciple suddenly realized that something was wrong. If this kid was first on the First floor, didn't that mean he became first in the Sword Grief Land in two months?
"Brother Gu Lie, you mean this new disciple became first on the First floor in two months?" He asked with a strange expression.
These disciples who had climbed to the second floor had all fought their way up from the first floor. They knew how difficult it was to become first in the first floor. The disciples of the second floor found it hard to believe their ears that they had become first in just two months.
"Not two months, he defeated Chun Hao and became first on the first day he entered the Sword Grief Land," Gu Lie said with a shrug.
Even after two months, Gu Lie and the other Second floor disciples still found it unbelievable. When the Second floor disciple heard Gu Lie's words, an extremely shocked expression naturally appeared on his face. For a moment, he didn't know how to describe his feelings.
"It's fine if he became first on the first day, but now he wants to challenge Zheng Shuangqi after two months," Gu Lie narrowed his eyes.
A monster like Luo Zheng was rarely seen even in Great One Heavenly Palace. Since he dared to challenge Zheng Shuangqi, it was impossible for him to act recklessly.
He must have a certain degree of confidence.
What was this kid's confidence?
Zheng Shuangqi's thoughts were the same as Gu Lie's. What was Luo Zheng's confidence? What was it that supported his confidence?
"Brother Shuangqi! Don't look down on this guy, he became first on the First floor on the first day he entered the Sword Grief Land! "A Second floor disciple reminded in front of the window.
After Zheng Shuangqi heard this, a strange light flashed in his eyes, and the contempt in his eyes instantly disappeared.
He instantly understood where Luo Zheng's confidence came from!
"Dominating the first floor on the first day of entering the Land of Sword Grief, how capable!" Zheng Shuangqi pondered for a moment before continuing, "As far as I know, there has never been such an extraordinary person in Greater One Heavenly Palace. Even Li Bianxue can't do it. Unfortunately, you're still ten years too early to challenge me!"
After Zheng Shuangqi finished speaking, he waved his hands and the Nirvana Force gushed out like a flood, flowing wantonly through his entire body.
A dense aura spread out, and the entire fighting stage seemed to be heavily pressed down!
In the depths of Zheng Shuangqi's eyes, a trace of killing intent flashed.
Zheng Shuangqi had been at the top of the Second Floor for far too long …
In the past, he had tried countless times to reach the third floor, but he had failed countless times. In the early days, there were people who stepped on his shoulders and stood on the third floor. A genius like Luo Zheng was destined to stand on the third floor one day.
Zheng Shuangqi harbored deep jealousy towards the geniuses who could stand on the third floor.
Before, he had only intended to teach Luo Zheng a lesson and let him understand the price of speaking arrogantly. But now, there was a trace of impulse in his heart to strangle this genius.
After feeling the power surging out of Zheng Shuangqi's body, the faces of the people below the fighting stage changed slightly.
Although everyone knew that Zheng Shuangqi was the top of the Second Floor, they didn't expect that Zheng Shuangqi's power had reached such a level. The thick and heavy power was highly condensed, as if it was real. It was as if he could casually crush people into pieces with a raise of his hand.
"It's a pity that I can't use the power of the Nirvana Token on the fighting stage," Zheng Shuangqi said with a deep gaze after activating the Nirvana Force. "Otherwise, my power can be increased by three times …"
After Luo Zheng felt Zheng Shuangqi's power, there was a trace of graveness in his eyes. This guy could casually extract more than five thousand Jun of power. Who knew where his limit was.
And Zheng Shuangqi's other Nirvana Token could actually increase his power by three times. This kind of Nirvana Token was indeed very terrifying. However, he didn't have to worry about the fact that he couldn't use the power of the Nirvana Token on the fighting stage.
Just as Zheng Shuangqi finished speaking, he had already jumped up and pounced towards Luo Zheng. As he raised his hand, the Nirvana Force had already flocked towards his right hand.
If one looked carefully, they would be able to see that the Nirvana Force in his right hand was gathering in a spiral shape.
"Swish!"
This incomparably powerful punch had already smashed towards Luo Zheng's head.
Facing Zheng Shuangqi's first punch, Luo Zheng didn't take it head on. Instead, he took a slight step and dodged to the side.
"Boom!"
This punch smashed onto the fighting stage, causing the entire fighting stage to shake violently. The formation on the surface of the fighting stage shone brightly. It was obviously not easy to withstand Zheng Shuangqi's attack.
"Since you took the initiative to challenge me, you should face me head on. What kind of man are you to dodge?"
Zheng Shuangqi sneered. Yet another punch was sent towards Luo Zheng.
The fighting stage of the Ground of Sword Grief was a competition of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin and the Nirvana Force. There weren't many techniques involved in these two battles. Thus, there wasn't much room for tricks.
When Luo Zheng heard those words, he really didn't dodge anymore. He squinted his eyes and spread his hands apart. He actually wanted to parry Zheng Shuangqi's fist!
'Idiot …'
When Zheng Shuangqi saw Luo Zheng's action, he sneered in his heart.
He had merely said a few words, yet this brat really didn't dodge anymore. Instead, he wanted to face him head on. With his explosive strength and speed, how could Luo Zheng possibly parry his attack?
Could such a foolish person really become the number one of the First Floor in a single day?
Zheng Shuangqi suspected that those fellows from the Second Floor were lying to him …
Whatever.
He would just settle this brat with a single punch.
He was still in a rush to hand over those Sanskrit books. He didn't have the time to play around with those fellows from the First Floor. As for whether this brat would die or not, it would depend on his own fortune.
"Peng!"
Just like what Zheng Shuangqi had predicted, this punch of his broke free from Luo Zheng's hands and landed on Luo Zheng's chest.
"Sou!"
Luo Zheng was like a sandbag that was thrown out. He was sent flying towards the edge of the stage. Ultimately, he didn't fall off the stage. Instead, he stopped at the edge of the stage.
If it were any other ordinary cultivator, he would be quite satisfied with the outcome of his punch.
But Zheng Shuangqi didn't seem happy at all. Instead, he became more solemn.
This punch didn't penetrate through Luo Zheng's chest. It didn't even cause Luo Zheng's chest to cave in. That also meant that he didn't exhaust Luo Zheng's Spirit of Chaotic Origin.
This number one of the First Floor had cultivated his Spirit of Chaotic Origin to the Middle Stage?
The disciples of the Supreme Yi Heaven Palace would be kept into the Ground of Sword Grief the moment they reached the Chaotic Origin Realm. Did that mean this brat had just reached the Chaotic Origin Realm?

Chapter 3226
The three levels in the Sword Grief Ground corresponded to the three stages of the Chaotic Origin Realm.
Even though Zheng Shuangqi did not use his full strength in that strike, the strength he unleashed was not something that someone who had just entered the Chaotic Origin Realm could withstand!
They said that Luo Zheng had entered the Sword Grief Ground for two months. Did that mean he had just entered the Chaotic Origin Realm not too long ago?
That was impossible …
To be able to receive a punch from him without the Chaotic Origin Spirit becoming fatigued meant that Luo Zheng was at least at the Middle Stage Chaotic Origin Realm. Reaching the Middle Stage Chaotic Origin Realm in just a few short months?
There was only one possibility. Luo Zheng had already stepped into the Chaotic Origin Realm many years ago. It was just that he was accepted into the Sword Grief Ground recently!
Zheng Shuangqi had only entered the Sword Grief Ground after reaching the Chaotic Origin Realm for a long time. Even though such situations were rare, it was still possible.
"Entered the Chaotic Origin Realm?" Luo Zheng did not expect that Zheng Shuangqi would ask such a question. He lowered his head and pondered for a moment before answering: "About three months ago."
Zheng Shuangqi's expression sank when he heard that, "Do you take me for a fool? Reaching the Middle Stage Chaotic Origin Realm in just three months? That is preposterous! "
Zheng Shuangqi did not believe it at all!
"It is really just three months. Luo Zheng is in the same batch as us!"
"We entered the Chaotic Origin Great World together. How can there be a mistake?"
"Right, to be precise, it is three months and nine days!"
The new disciples below the fighting ring spoke one after another. Each of them had a solemn expression on their faces.
Zheng Shuangqi was completely bewildered when he saw the expression on the faces of these new disciples.
At this moment, Gu Lie shouted from the Second Floor: "Brother Shuangqi, this Little Brother Luo Zheng is a disciple of our Heart Flow Sword Sect. He is indeed a new Chaotic Origin Realm disciple."
Zheng Shuangqi was familiar with Gu Lie. He knew that Gu Lie would not spout nonsense.
After confirming this matter, Zheng Shuangqi became even more bewildered. He stared at Luo Zheng and asked: "Then how did you do it?"
Zheng Shuangqi was not the only one who was bewildered. Actually, some knowledgeable people had already guessed that Luo Zheng had improved at a godly speed after obtaining the Chaotic Origin Spirit. There must be some secret behind it!
However, there was a limit to the "godly speed" that everyone believed at first. Luo Zheng's speed of progress was only one or two times that of others.
Currently, Zheng Shuangqi was certain that Luo Zheng had reached the Middle Stage Chaotic Origin Realm. How was this a godly improvement?
This was like a thousand miles in a day!
Luo Zheng indifferently glanced at Zheng Shuang Qi. He revealed a meaningful look, "Your Excellency has also stepped into the Chaotic Origin Realm. Why are you asking such a childish question?"
Many Nirvana Realm powerhouses would do anything to become stronger, and everyone more or less had their own secrets, so how could they tell others about it?
Regarding the secrets of the [True Comprehension Chapter], Luo Zheng could contribute it to the entire Greater One Heavenly Palace and contribute to the orthodoxy of the sword path.
But how could he tell the secrets of his fleshly body and Dao Insight to others?
"Childish?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Zheng Shuangqi's eyes flashed with coldness. He said, "Since you don't want to tell me, I'll have to investigate it myself!"
After saying that, Zheng Shuangqi lightly stomped on the ground.
A peculiar ripple appeared on the surface of the entire arena. This seemingly light stomp actually contained a huge force. At this moment, Zheng Shuangqi disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
Even the disciples on the lower level of the arena could not catch sight of Zheng Shuangqi's figure. Only a portion of the disciples on the second level subconsciously raised their heads and stared at Zheng Shuangqi's figure that flew up.
Luo Zheng hesitated for less than half a breath after seeing Zheng Shuangqi disappear. At the next moment, circular ripples appeared on the arena again, and Luo Zheng was right at the center of these ripples!
"He's above!"
Luo Zheng subconsciously raised his head. He frowned.
"It's too late." Gu Lie shook his head.
"That brat can't avoid this stomp." The pale-faced scholar said with certainty.
Long Yi also agreed. "Zheng Shuangqi is serious this time. I'm afraid his Nirvana Force has reached 7,000 Jun. I'm afraid that brat will be crippled by this stomp!"
No matter how talented Luo Zheng was, the gap between him and Zheng Shuangqi was still very large. Unless Luo Zheng could continuously dodge and consume Zheng Shuangqi's strength, he would have a slim chance of winning. However, this was almost impossible.
Luo Zheng had no room to dodge this stomp. The consequences of taking it head-on were not difficult to imagine.
Seeing this scene, the disciples on the first level had different thoughts.
Those who were jealous, such as Fang Yi and the others, had a gloating expression, while Feng Ge and the others were full of worry.
Zheng Shuangqi was the strongest person on the second level. It was too difficult for Luo Zheng to challenge him now.
However, Luo Zheng had no intention of dodging this time!
He slightly tilted his body, and the Nirvana Force released by the Weapon of Civilization was majestic.
Even though the Green Jade Spirit's Weapon of Civilization was limited to the 13th Level World, it could still unleash a force of 8,000 Jun!
Previously, due to the limitations of his fleshy body, he could only unleash such a powerful force in the form of a World Vessel.
But after Luo Zheng stepped into the Middle Stage Chaotic Origin Realm, his Chaotic Origin Spirit could withstand a force of 4,000 to 5,000 Jun. And because of the True Meaning of Dao in his fleshy body, it greatly increased the amount of energy the Chaotic Origin Spirit could contain!
"Hua!"
The Nirvana Force contained within the Weapon of Civilization surged out. The Chaotic Origin Spirit within Luo Zheng's body was almost squeezed to the limit. Many Chaotic Origin Spirit light spots swelled up and protruded on the surface of Luo Zheng's body!
The Chaotic Origin Spirit was on the verge of exhaustion. But at the moment when the Chaotic Origin Spirit fell into exhaustion, the True Meaning of Dao would be imbued into it, maintaining the state of the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
"Eight thousand Godly Jun!"
This fist of Luo Zheng struck out towards the bottom of Zheng Shuangqi's feet!
Zheng Shuangqi did not place this fist of Luo Zheng in his eyes. He was thinking of crippling Luo Zheng before finding out the secret of how to improve so quickly from Luo Zheng. If he could truly grasp this secret, he would have a chance of obtaining a seat in the Third Level World. He might even defeat the number one expert of the Third Level World, Li Bianxue who had never been seen before.
But at the moment he stomped down, he felt a vast energy being transmitted from his right foot. This energy was even stronger than his!
"How could this be?" Zheng Shuangqi revealed a look of shock.
"Da da da …"
Those Chaotic Origin Spirits which were originally emitting light within Zheng Shuangqi's body were rapidly extinguished. In the blink of an eye, it spread from his right leg to his entire body!
"Ka ka ka cha!"
The remaining energy that the Chaotic Origin Spirits had yet to dissipate started invading his body.
This energy traveled up along Zheng Shuangqi's right leg. His right leg, right arm, and half of his body were fractured, emitting a series of popping sounds.
Without any room for resistance, he fell outside the stage. It was a tragic sight.

Chapter 3227
Astonished expressions froze on everyone's faces.
The disciples of the Second Floor stared blankly at Luo Zheng on the stage.
Initially, they had the mentality of watching a show. They wanted to let the first ranked disciple of the Second Floor teach Zheng Shuangqi a lesson. That was why they took the initiative to look for Zheng Shuangqi.
Even if Luo Zheng was talented, he had just entered the Chaotic Origin Realm not long ago. It was already a huge miracle for him to defeat Chun Hao. Against Zheng Shuangqi, he should not be able to retaliate at all!
And Luo Zheng had directly retaliated. He did not rely on his powerful fleshy body. Or rather, he suppressed Zheng Shuangqi in both his fleshy body and strength. He defeated Zheng Shuangqi in a direct confrontation …
After winning this match, Luo Zheng had jumped from the first ranked disciple of the First Floor to the first ranked disciple of the Second Floor. He had trampled all the disciples of the Second Floor beneath his feet.
After a long period of silence, Gu Lie from the Second Floor finally spoke: "This world is too crazy …"
"He directly became the first ranked disciple of the Second Floor, oh my god …" Long Yi widened his eyes as he said.
"I've been in the Second Floor for a few hundred years, yet I can't even get into the top 100!" A disciple from the Second Floor said.
"What's worse is that he is only at the Fourteenth Level World …" The white-faced scholar muttered.
The competition in the Second Floor was much more intense than in the First Floor.
Even though there were only 200 or so disciples, it was extremely difficult for them to advance by a single rank. Many of them had stayed in the Second Floor for many years, and their names had always been on the Ranking Stone. Even if they wanted to advance by two or three ranks, it was extremely difficult.
Beneath the stage, Chou Xue's eyes were filled with astonishment.
Being a new disciple from the same batch as Luo Zheng, he naturally paid attention to Luo Zheng's strength.
When Luo Zheng was in the Chaotic Origin Great World, he could erupt with a strength of 8,000 Divine Jun. But that terrifying strength had completely exceeded the scope that Luo Zheng could withstand.
If one wanted to utilize a strength of 7,000 to 8,000 Divine Jun without relying on a World Inheritance, one had to spend many years in the Chaotic Origin Realm before it was possible. But Luo Zheng did it so easily.
This fellow's growth speed was so terrifying. At this rate, he would not be able to stay in the Land of Sword Grief for more than a few days. Chou Xue thought.
Zheng Shuangqi who was lying on the ground extended his left hand. He grabbed his right arm and lightly twisted it... The broken bones in his right arm rapidly returned to its original position. Following that, he continued pressing on his chest, all the way to his leg. Half of his body bones was....
After correcting his bones, a Paramita Token appeared on top of his head. As the Paramita Token spun, a green light covered the top of his head, and the injuries on the right side of his body were instantly healed.
Zheng Shuangqi got up from the ground and took a deep look at Luo Zheng before turning to leave.
Zheng Shuangqi was a proud and aloof person. As the number one of the Second Floor, losing to the number one of the First Floor was simply a huge joke.
..............................
Only after Zheng Shuangqi left did the disciples on the first floor begin to boil over.
"He defeated Zheng Shuangqi just like that?"
"Oh my God, Zheng Shuangqi. He is an undefeatable existence in my eyes!"
"There are very few people who can climb to the third floor. Zheng Shuangqi was the most promising one. I didn't expect him to be replaced by Luo Zheng …"
The disciples on the first floor heaved a sigh of relief at this moment.
Luo Zheng was above all of them on the first day. Naturally, he was regarded as a disgrace by a considerable number of disciples. However, even the disciples on the second floor were mercilessly trampled by Luo Zheng. Therefore, they felt balanced in their hearts.
This fellow should be punished by the monsters on the third floor …
On the ranking stone of the first floor, Luo Zheng's name disappeared quietly. At the same time, everyone's ranking rose by one place, including Chun Hao who was trampled by Luo Zheng.
Chun Hao had mixed feelings about returning to the first place on the first floor in this way. However, Chun Hao now understood that he did not have the ability to compete with Luo Zheng. In just two months, there was a huge gap between him and Luo Zheng.
Consoling himself like this, Chun Hao's heart calmed down.
On the second floor's ranking stone, more than two hundred people dropped by one place. Luo Zheng was ranked first. Zheng Shuangqi should give up the second floor's secret cultivation room.
The battle on the battle stage continued.
At the beginning of each month, the battle would last for several days. The ranking on the ranking stone would also change.
Luo Zheng just came down from the stage. Ling Shuang immediately went up to him and said with a smile, "Luo Zheng, congratulations. You reached the second floor so quickly!"
"Hey, next month, you will challenge Li Bianxue and reach the top of the Land of Sword Grief!" Chou Xue also laughed.
"Reach the top of the Land of Sword Grief …" Luo Zheng thought for a moment and shook his head with a smile, "I will only give you one month. Brother Chou Xue is joking."
The strength of the disciples on the third floor was close to that of Qiu Yinhe. If they left the Land of Sword Grief, they would have a chance to become heavenly champions. Even if Luo Zheng opened the Inheritance of the World, it would be difficult for him to resist.
"Then, I will give you two months!" Ling Shuang pursed her lips and smiled.
Luo Zheng said with a bitter expression, "Can you give me more time?"
"No …" Ling Shuang pretended to be strict and shook her head.
At this moment, Feng Ge took the opportunity to appear beside Luo Zheng. His eyes swept over Ling Shuang and then he said to Luo Zheng, "I just announced one imperial edict. Father Emperor has a second one."
"What imperial edict?" Luo Zheng was surprised.
Feng Ge pretended to be mysterious and stuck close to Luo Zheng, "Father Emperor wants to see you. Now, come with me to the Tai Zhi Palace."
The East Emperor wants to see me?
Luo Zheng reflexively thought of the True Comprehension Chapter.
Fortunately, he had deciphered the True Comprehension Chapter, but he had not fully comprehended it.
If the East Emperor urged him, he could contribute two or three hundred words.
"I don't know why the East Emperor wants to see me …" Luo Zheng was still hesitating.
"Come with me and you will know."
Feng Ge reached out to grab Luo Zheng's arm and pulled him away. Only Ling Shuang was left to stare blankly at their backs.
Chou Xinghe said thoughtfully, "The East Emperor wants to see Luo Zheng. Is it to grant a marriage?"
"What?" Ling Shuang's expression changed.
Seeing Ling Shuang's expression, Chou Xinghe immediately realized that he had said something wrong. He quickly said, "It may not be so. It may be because of the 14th Heaven."
Although Chou Xinghe explained, Ling Shuang's heart was in turmoil.
Feng Ge already had Luo Zheng in his heart. Based on Luo Zheng's current performance, the East Emperor might grant a marriage.
Ling Shuang was too introverted when it came to matters of the heart. At this point, the sense of crisis in her heart was even stronger.

Chapter 3228
In the middle of the Taiyi Palace, there was an illustrious hall called the First Dragon Palace.
If there were important guests or something important, the Donghuang would enter the First Dragon Palace.
In front of the First Dragon Palace, there were two rows of soldiers in golden armor standing straight, looking straight ahead, exuding a sense of solemnity.
Luo Zheng stood in front of the palace, and after feeling the solemn atmosphere, a dignified look emerged on his face.
The last time he saw the Donghuang, it was only in his palace, so it was not official.
Now, with Feng Ge acting so mysteriously, he didn't know what she was up to.
At this moment, a loud voice suddenly came from the palace, "Summon Princess Lingping, Luo Zheng for an audience!"
"Princess Lingping?" Luo Zheng was taken aback.
"That's my title," Feng Ge said, blinking his eyes. "Let's go in!"
Luo Zheng nodded, and then entered side by side with Feng Ge.
On both sides of the First Dragon Palace, there were more than twenty people standing on both sides.
The golden-armored soldiers outside the palace were just some Tai Yiwei, but the people inside the First Dragon Palace were different. Almost every one of them exuded a powerful aura, and Qiu Yinhe and He Chi were among them.
"These people..."
Luo Zheng only glanced at them from the corner of his eyes, and he was slightly surprised.
The strength of these people, from the front to the back, was stronger than the previous.
Qiu Yinhe and He Chi were only ranked around the top ten, and were only in the middle and upper levels of these people. And the two people at the back exuded a profound aura that was almost unfathomable, not much weaker than the Donghuang!
These people were most likely the pillars of Greater One Mountain, or even the entire Greater One Heavenly Palace...
Luo Zheng quietly looked at them from the corner of his eyes, and they stared at Luo Zheng with burning eyes.
They had all heard of Luo Zheng, but apart from Qiu Yinhe and others, this was the first time they had seen Luo Zheng. They were naturally aware of the various miracles Luo Zheng had done in the other side, and were full of curiosity about Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng and Feng Yi entered the Lineal Dragon Palace, they bowed to the East Emperor.
Donghuang smiled and asked, "Zheng 'er has been in the Taishi Palace for more than three months. His progress is amazing. I heard that he has reached the first place on the first floor?"
Hearing Donghuang's words, the experts on both sides of the hall had strange looks in their eyes.
First place on the First Floor after entering the Sword of Grief for three months?
This kind of speed was indeed unheard of!
[This kid is indeed not an ordinary monster …]
"Imperial Father, Luo Zheng was ranked first on the first day he entered the Sword of Grief. Today, he defeated Zheng Shuangqi and became the first on the Second Floor." Feng Ge said indifferently.
Luo Zheng had just defeated Zheng Shuangqi, and this news had not yet spread out in the Great Yi Heaven Palace. The Eastern Emperor and his subordinates naturally did not know about it.
"You defeated Shuang Qi?" An old man beside Qiu Yinhe had a strange expression on his face.
Luo Zheng nodded to that old man.
Qiu Yinhe chuckled: "This nephew of Elder Zheng seems to be charging for the Third Floor yet he was defeated by Luo Zheng. This is truly unexpected."
Elder Zheng shook his head with a bitter smile, "That nephew of mine is proud and arrogant. Yet he was defeated by someone who just entered the Chaotic Origin Realm three months ago. I'm afraid he won't be able to accept this for the time being …"
Becoming the first on the First Floor within three months was enough to shock these subordinates.
But Luo Zheng had jumped from the first on the First Floor to the first on the Second Floor!
Crossing through the Sword of Grief at this speed was simply too crazy. Even if Luo Zheng obtained a new keepsake in the Paramita Realm, the keepsake had to abide by the rules of the Sword of Grief no matter how powerful it was!
Since he could not use the Paramita Realm keepsake, he could only use his Paramita Energy to fight. This was a test of the strength of his Paramita Energy and Chaotic Origin Spirit. There were no shortcuts.
Even Donghuang Huang revealed a look of disbelief. He asked: "Zheng 'er is really the first on the Second Floor?"
"It is absolutely true. If Imperial Father does not believe it, you can go to the Ranking Stone in the Sword of Grief and see for yourself." Feng Ge continued.
If one did not witness it personally, it would be hard to believe.
But Feng Ge was so serious that it was impossible for him to be faking it.
Donghuang Huang nodded: "It is not that Imperial Father does not believe it. It's just that this matter is too inconceivable."
After praising, he changed the topic and asked: "Zheng 'er has been in the Sword of Grief for a period of time. I wonder if he has deciphered the True Comprehension Scripture during this period?"
When Donghuang Huang mentioned the True Comprehension Scripture, the subordinates present pricked up their ears.
The True Comprehension Scripture handed over by Luo Zheng was first circulated in the hands of this group of people. Even though it was only 200 words, they had benefited greatly from it. It had boosted their strength by quite a bit.
If they could cultivate the complete True Comprehension Scripture, it would bring about a qualitative change to them!
'Indeed, it is as I expected …'
Luo Zheng said in his heart.
Donghuang Huang had indeed come for the True Comprehension Scripture.
He had originally intended to make the True Comprehension Scripture public, so this matter was naturally not difficult.
However, Luo Zheng still felt that something was wrong. If he only wanted the True Comprehension Scripture, there was no need to bring out such an extravagant display.
"There is." Luo Zheng ignored this trace of unease and said at the same time: "I have already deciphered the True Comprehension Scripture to 500 words. Should I directly hand it over to Donghuang Huang, or write it here?"
Whether it was handing it over to Donghuang Huang or writing it directly, these subordinates would receive the True Comprehension Scripture. But whether Luo Zheng handed it over to them or if Donghuang Huang personally handed it over to them, there was still a difference.
Donghuang Huang made a gesture of "please" and said at the same time: "These old subordinates are all my old friends. There is no need to beat around the bush. Zheng 'er can write it here, and everyone can look at it as they wish."
"Yes!"
After Luo Zheng agreed, he gently pressed the Sumeru Ring in his hand. A piece of white paper floated in the air, and an ink brush appeared in his hand.
Shua shua shua …
"Your Highness Dou Zi Bing, standing strong in the clear, and conforming to the heart …"
Large, flamboyant characters appeared on the white paper.
These subordinates stared at the white paper, afraid that they would miss a single detail.
However, after staring for a while, they all felt dizzy. A middle-aged man who was ranked at the bottom even fainted on the ground.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng stopped writing and said, not knowing whether to laugh or cry: "Seniors, this True Comprehension Scripture is not something that can be learned overnight. If you force yourself to practice it, I'm afraid it will harm your soul."
The True Comprehension Scripture was much more difficult than the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate. Whether it was Luo Zheng or even Donghuang Taiyi himself, it was difficult for them to speed up their cultivation.
These subordinates were actually clearer than Luo Zheng, but they were afraid of missing this opportunity. If they hurriedly tried to comprehend it, it was inevitable that their Yang Souls would be hurt …

Chapter 3229
In a short while, the number of words on the paper had reached 500.
Luo Zheng spun the brush gently and put it into the Sumeru Ring. Then he said to Donghuang, "The Sanskrit deciphered this time has been presented on the paper."
Donghuang looked at the handwriting on the paper, and the joy on his face grew.
In fact, up until now, Donghuang still didn't know how Luo Zheng had deciphered the Sanskrit. At first, Donghuang thought that there was a certain element of luck involved, but Donghuang himself was proficient in Sanskrit. The art of deciphering couldn't go far with luck alone!
Now that Luo Zheng could steadily decipher the Sanskrit, it meant that the complete True Comprehension Chapter would be deciphered sooner or later. How could Donghuang not be excited?
"If the complete True Comprehension Chapter can be deciphered, it will be a blessing for the Human Clan of the Heavenly Palace," Donghuang said with a smile.
The Heavenly Jiedu and other important ministers all nodded, especially Qiu Yinhe, who was extremely happy.
It was indeed his great fortune that Luo Zheng could enter the Dao Sword Palace. Now, Luo Zheng had made such a contribution to the Heavenly Palace, which was something that Qiu Yinhe had never expected.
Judging from Luo Zheng's talent, his value should be far more than what was seen now. As long as he was given time, who knew how far he would grow?
"You flatter me, Donghuang," Luo Zheng said modestly.
Donghuang said with a smile, "But today I called you here for another matter."
Feng Ge, who had been standing beside Luo Zheng, had an unnatural expression on her face. She looked at the ground, and there was a rare blush on her cheeks.
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng had already faintly sensed that something was wrong, but Luo Zheng didn't know what it was.
At this moment, a pleasant voice sounded. "Do you remember that I promised you a peerless gift?"
Concubine Yan walked out from the back of the palace.
She was dressed in fiery red silk, and there were lifelike fire phoenixes hanging from her cuffs and waist. She looked both decent and bold.
"A peerless gift …"
If Concubine Yan hadn't mentioned it, Luo Zheng would have almost forgotten about it.
Back then, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were trapped in the dark domain and were trapped in the light cave. Only then were they able to leave the other shore and return to their mother world. However, they were still in danger.
At that time, Concubine Yan was eager to protect her daughter, so she made such a promise.
In fact, Luo Zheng did not care about the peerless gift. When he left the Dark Domain, Feng Ge became a Pure Witch, and Luo Zheng obtained the Weapon of Civilization. This was already the best gift.
What's more, Feng Ge's memory was in disorder at that time, and his intelligence had degenerated to that of a child. Concubine Yan was also very depressed at that time. Since she didn't mention it, Luo Zheng naturally wouldn't mention it.
Luo Zheng didn't expect Concubine Yan to bring up the past at this time.
"Concubine Yan, of course Luo Zheng remembers. What's the great gift that Concubine Yan mentioned?" Luo Zheng asked.
Concubine Yan pursed her lips and looked at Feng Ge with a smile. She said, "This great gift is by your side."
Luo Zheng was stunned. He looked at Feng Ge beside him and saw that Feng Ge's cheeks were red and he lowered his head. Only then did he react. "Concubine Yan, you mean …"
"I want to betroth Feng Ge to you," Concubine Yan said seriously.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng finally became anxious.
If Donghuang and Concubine Yan really wanted to betroth Feng Ge to him, it would involve too many things.
"Are you willing?" Donghuang asked seriously.
The important ministers standing on both sides of the Lineal Dragon Palace all looked at Luo Zheng.
It was a good thing that Luo Zheng could marry Feng Ge.
Although Luo Zheng grew up in the Taiyi Heavenly Palace, he joined halfway. Moreover, the blood of Jiuli flowed in his veins.
If he married Feng Ge, the relationship between Luo Zheng and the Heavenly Palace would be even closer.
Luo Zheng lowered his head and thought for a moment. Then he cupped his hands and said, "Lord Donghuang, Concubine Yan, Luo Zheng already has a wife."
Feng Ge was Donghuang's daughter after all. If she really married him, he would not be able to compromise his status.
Luo Zheng and Ning Yudie had been together all these years. He would not be able to get past this.
"Of course I know," Concubine Yan said with a smile. "Feng Ge is the pearl of Donghuang and me. She cannot lose her status if she marries you. Your wife has agreed to this, so you don't have to worry about this."
Hearing Concubine Yan's words, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his eyebrows. He said, "Concubine Yan said that Little Die agreed to this marriage herself?"
During this period of time, Luo Zheng was busy running around in the Paramita Realm. He did not have time to return to the Heart Flow Sword Sect to take care of Ning Yudie and the others. A few days ago, Feng Ge said that she would bring Ning Yudie to the Taiyi Palace.
At that time, Luo Zheng also felt that it was abrupt, but he did not think too much about it. After all, the Taiyi Palace could guarantee their safety.
Now that he heard this, Luo Zheng immediately understood. Feng Ge brought Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin here for a purpose.
"She said it herself." Concubine Yan nodded.
Luo Zheng glanced at Feng Ge and said, "Can I see Little Die?"
Today, Luo Zheng was summoned to the Taiyi Palace by the East Emperor. He was going to see Ning Yudie and the others on the way. He did not expect that the East Emperor would suddenly betroth Feng Ge to him. This was far beyond his expectations.
Concubine Yan's eyes flashed slightly. She immediately said, "They have activated the Raging Inferno in the Qian Palace. They are cultivating in seclusion. If it is interrupted, I am afraid it will not be good."
The Raging Inferno was a cultivation method in the Qian Palace. Concubine Yan should not be lying.
But with Concubine Yan's means, she could naturally arrange everything logically.
Feng Ge, who was next to her, opened her eyes wide and showed a pitiful look.
Today, her father had gathered all his ministers together. He said that it was to let Luo Zheng announce his enlightenment. In fact, it was to set this marriage. She naturally hoped that Luo Zheng would agree.
"Zheng 'er, this is a good thing. Why do you have to worry so much?" Qiu Yinhe also said at this time.
"Yes, if this little friend Luo Zheng and Princess Lingping are in love, why do you have to worry so much?" Another minister said.
Luo Zheng just glanced at them silently. Then he continued to salute Concubine Yan and said, "No matter what, before I see Ning Yudie, Luo Zheng cannot agree to this. Luo Zheng will take his leave!"
After that, he turned and walked out.
The ministers in the Taiyi Palace looked at each other. Their faces were full of surprise, astonishment, and even incomprehension.
Especially the old man next to the East Emperor. He snorted coldly. He had gone through fire and water with the East Emperor many times. They were like brothers.
This junior in front of him dared to disrespect him on such an occasion. Of course he was angry!
"Brat, stop right there!" The old man roared.
A terrifying aura whizzed out of the Taiyi Palace. It rushed all the way out of the palace. The soldiers in golden armor outside the palace were hit by this aura. They could not resist it and trembled. Luo Zheng was the first to bear the brunt.

Chapter 3230
When the old man saw that Luo Zheng had no reaction, he became even angrier.
He had a fiery temper. Once he attacked, how could he allow Luo Zheng to leave so easily?
"Roar!"
The old man clawed at Luo Zheng. The claw print turned into a huge blue wolf head and bit at Luo Zheng's head.
Just as the blue wolf head was about to swallow Luo Zheng, Donghuang raised his hand and the blue wolf head disappeared into thin air.
The old man looked at Donghuang with a puzzled expression.
Donghuang shook his head and said, "Brother Gan, don't be angry. Zheng 'er is also a stubborn person. If you force him to stay, it won't be good."
"Hmph, this is a situation that most people would not be able to obtain even if they wished for it for thousands of years. Yet, he just turned around and left. How can I endure this?" Elder Gan said with an indignant expression.
Concubine Yan's beautiful eyes showed a trace of helplessness. She blamed herself and said, "It's my fault. I thought everything was arranged properly and didn't consider Luo Zheng's feelings."
In Concubine Yan's eyes, her daughter was the best in the world. Luo Zheng shouldn't be able to refuse.
But when she talked about Luo Zheng's "first wife," it caused such a violent reaction. Concubine Yan didn't expect it.
After Concubine Yan finished speaking, she looked at Feng Ge apologetically. She loved her daughter the most.
During this period of time, Feng Ge's personality had changed greatly with Luo Zheng's company. Concubine Yan was happy to see this.
But now that something like this happened, she didn't know what Feng Ge would think.
Feng Ge's expression didn't change. She looked at her mother and said, "He should be going to the Qian Refining Palace. I'll go and see."
Then she left the Di Long Hall and went straight to the Qian Refining Palace.
Qian Refining Palace, Chenghuo Hall.
Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, Xun, Mu Ning, and Han Liusu were all sitting cross-legged. Above their heads hung a red-hot chain that was emitting waves of heat. This was the unique cultivation method of the Heavenly Refining Palace, the Raging Inferno.
After a period of cultivation, Xun, Mu Ning, and Han Liusu also made great progress in their cultivation.
Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin had only been here for about a month.
However, Ning Yudie cherished this opportunity very much. She knew that there was no hope for her to catch up with Luo Zheng, but in the end, she didn't want to fall too far behind Luo Zheng in terms of cultivation. Therefore, Ning Yudie also cultivated very seriously.
In contrast, Xi Youqin was much more casual in her cultivation.
She sat cross-legged and used both her hands to protect her abdomen. Strands of purple light gathered around her abdomen, protecting her slightly swollen abdomen.
Over these years, only Ning Yudie had given birth to a child for Luo Zheng. Xi Youqin was naturally anxious in her heart. But this matter could not be rushed.
Previously, when Luo Zheng returned from the Chaotic Origin Great World, he stayed in his courtyard for a few days. Two months after Luo Zheng left for the Land of Sword Grief, Xi Youqin discovered that her body was transforming. Looking at her inner vision, she was naturally filled with joy.
Because it was only a short time, the changes to her body were not significant. Xi Youqin treated it as a secret and did not tell anyone.
Just as Xi Youqin was gently caressing her abdomen, Luo Zheng had already stepped into the Cheng Huo Palace Hall.
When he saw that Ning Yudie and the other girls were safe and sound, he let out a sigh of relief. Even though Luo Zheng did not think that Imperial Concubine Yan would do anything to harm Ning Yudie and the others, Luo Zheng was still worried about Imperial Concubine Yan's reaction when she mentioned Ning Yudie.
When Luo Zheng saw Xi Youqin who was absent-minded, his eyes flickered. Suddenly, he realized something and revealed a trace of joy on his face. He walked over and said, "Youqin, you …"
Xi Youqin did not expect Luo Zheng to suddenly appear. Seeing that Luo Zheng had already noticed her, a bashful smile appeared on her face. She lowered her voice and said, "I have followed you to this Tai Shi Palace. It is inconvenient for me to move around. I don't know how to tell you, Luo Zheng. I'm sorry …"
She felt that she should tell her husband as soon as possible since she was pregnant.
However, the Tai Shi Palace was an unfamiliar environment, and there was no one like the Heart Flow Sword Sect that she could order around. She could only protect the fetus in her belly and wait.
Luo Zheng's sudden appearance here was naturally a big surprise.
Although Xi Youqin's voice was very low, it still woke up Ning Yudie who was next to her.
Ning Yudie said in a slightly reproachful tone, "Since you are pregnant, you should have told me as soon as possible. You shouldn't have come to the Cheng Huo Palace and suffered the raging fire."
Xi Youqin's lips curled up slightly, but she said, "Why should I tell you?"
Although the dispute between her and Ning Yudie had long stopped, Xi Youqin wanted to share her pregnancy with Luo Zheng. How could she be willing to tell Ning Yudie?
"Youqin, it is not suitable for you to cultivate here when you are pregnant. You should not be willful. You should have told me as soon as possible," Luo Zheng said reproachfully.
"Oh, I know." For the first time, Xi Youqin was not angry. She rarely got angry after learning that she was pregnant.
Luo Zheng gently stroked Xi Youqin's head. He reached out and flicked at the burning red chain, and removed the raging fire from Xi Youqin.
Then he turned to look at Ning Yudie and said, "Today, Donghuang summoned me."
Ning Yudie's eyes flashed. She knew what Luo Zheng was going to say next.
"Why did you decide on your own?" Luo Zheng stared at Ning Yudie and asked.
Ning Yudie lowered her head and said, "Concubine Yan and I talked about it. If Tai Yi Heavenly Palace summons you as a son-in-law, I can be a great help to you. What does it matter if I sacrifice a small status?"
During this period of time, Concubine Yan had met with Ning Yudie three times. She patiently explained the current situation in detail, and at the same time told her her purpose honestly.
Ning Yudie was extremely intelligent. How could she not understand Concubine Yan's painstaking efforts?
And Ning Yudie appreciated Concubine Yan's frankness.
If Luo Zheng could become the son-in-law of Tai Yi Heavenly Palace, it would indeed be of great benefit to Luo Zheng. Therefore, Ning Yudie made a promise to Concubine Yan.
"As expected …" Luo Zheng sighed. When he came to Qianlian Palace, Luo Zheng had already thought of this matter.
"Did my husband agree?" Ning Yudie stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Rationally, she felt that Luo Zheng should seize this opportunity, but there were waves in her heart.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "No."
"Why?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Ning Yudie breathed a sigh of relief, but was also a little disappointed. Her mood was very contradictory.
"Some things can't be changed," Luo Zheng sternly replied, his tone very firm.
A faint smile appeared on Ning Yudie's face, exuding a tranquil charm. Her pair of bright eyes suddenly flashed with a hint of slyness as she asked, "Then, do you like Her Highness Feng Ge?"
Xun, Han Liusu and Mu Ning had a lot of interactions with Feng Ge, and even regarded him as their master. But Ning Yudie didn't have much contact with Feng Ge.
"I also want to know the answer to this question."

Chapter 3231
Ning Yudie looked at Luo Zheng calmly.
Xi Youqin had her hand on her belly. Hearing Feng Ge's voice, she raised her head to look at Feng Ge.
In the past, Xi Youqin would have ridiculed and ridiculed Luo Zheng. Generally, she would be hostile to any woman who approached Luo Zheng.
But now that she was pregnant, Xi Youqin's heart was much calmer. It was not easy to have this child. She did not want her emotions to fluctuate too much.
Feng Ge's expression was unexpectedly calm, but her delicate eyes were filled with persistence.
Luo Zheng's performance in the Lineage Dragon Palace had embarrassed Feng Ge, but she did not care. What she cared about was Luo Zheng's heart.
Feng Ge's eyelashes trembled slightly. She and Luo Zheng did not get along well when they first met. But after the trip to the Dark Domain, she was infatuated with that sense of stability.
She also knew that in comparison, Luo Zheng seemed to trust Ling Shuang more. So she was more radical and direct in her feelings.
Luo Zheng said seriously, "Even if I like you, it does not mean you can treat Xiao Die like this and tempt her to compromise."
A smile appeared on Ning Yudie's face. In the end, she hoped that Luo Zheng would treat her as the most special one.
Xi Youqin quietly curled her lips. She and Ning Yudie had competed for a lifetime. She had expected Luo Zheng's attitude.
Feng Ge's eyes were originally a little nervous. But after hearing Luo Zheng's words, a trace of shyness appeared in her eyes. She only said, "En, I know. Next time … it won't be like this."
Saying this, she left the Chenghuo Palace.
Seeing Feng Ge's reaction, Luo Zheng's face was still a little confused. Ning Yudie next to him smiled faintly and said, "Husband is still the best. His Highness Feng Ge has compromised."
"Compromised?" Luo Zheng blinked.
"Of course I'll compromise when I hear the answer I want." Xi Youqin snorted.
Seeing Xi Youqin's slightly bulging belly, Luo Zheng stepped forward and said, "You are pregnant. Why do you still talk like this? Chenghuo Hall is not suitable for you. I will take you out of here in a moment."
After that, Luo Zheng turned to Ning Yudie and said seriously, "I know you hope that I can rely on Greater One Heavenly Palace to revive Jiuli, but the situation in the mother world has become extremely complicated..."
After going to Mount Li, Luo Zheng also understood that it was meaningless to rebuild the remnants of the Jiuli Tribe. Before reviving the Jiuli Tribe, he had to complete a more important mission.
After returning to Greater One Heavenly Palace from Jiuli, Luo Zheng went directly to the Land of Sword Grief. He did not explain this to Ning Yudie thoroughly.
Luo Zheng briefly explained and also reprimanded Ning Yudie. Although Ning Yudie was reprimanded by Luo Zheng, there was a faint smile on her face. She was naturally happy.
Xun, Han Liusu and Mu Ning were still cultivating under the blazing fire. Luo Zheng did not wake them up.
This time, Luo Zheng wanted to bring Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin back to Heart Flow Sword Sect. He was not in a hurry to return to the Land of Sword Grief. He only gave Xiaoxin some divine crystals to go to Dragon City and let her trade for some medicine pills to prevent miscarriage so that Xi Youqin could be nurtured.
When Ning Yudie was pregnant with Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng could not accompany her because of his ascension. This time, Luo Zheng should fulfill his responsibility as a father.
… …
Great Hao Mountain.
The gate of Haoran Sword Hall was closed.
Dressed in red, Lady Xuan, Huang Long and the two leaders of Great Hao Mountain's dark department were gathered together.
Lady Xuan was pacing back and forth in a pair of exquisite shoes with a slight frown.
On the dragon throne at the head of Haoran Sword Hall, Xu Shou was sitting cross-legged with his eyes closed. He was roaming in the other shore.
After a while, Xu Shou opened his eyes. His eyes were as bright as lightning and his face was full of surprise. He had obviously retreated from the other shore.
"Emperor Shou!"
The two leaders of the dark department came forward and bowed to Xu Shou.
Xu Shou stroked his beard and said with a frown, "They want to make a move in advance."
Hearing this, Huang Long and Lady Xuan looked at each other.
"Make a move in advance? If they make a move in this situation, aren't they trying to push us into a pit of fire? "Lady Xuan said with a cold face.
Although Great Hao Mountain's current strength was firmly in the top three, it was far inferior to Greater One Mountain and Great Yi Mountain. Not to mention, Eastern Emperor Taiyi and Elder Ying were present. If Great Hao Mountain made a move, it would be no different from courting death.
Huang Long also nodded and said, "If we make a move in advance, we will be at a disadvantage!"
"Emperor Jun is ready," Xu Shou said again.
The Golden Crow Clan and Greater One Heavenly Palace were connected. Once a war started, the Golden Crow Clan would be the first to make a move.
"Only one Jinwu?" Lady Xuan looked hesitant.
The reason why Xu Shou was willing to lead Great Hao Mountain to betray them was because of his own ambition. On the other hand, Xu Shou was not optimistic about Greater One Heavenly Palace.
However, Greater One Heavenly Palace had been accumulating for countless years and had a deep foundation. It was difficult for a single Jinwu to destroy them. If Great Hao Mountain rashly cooperated with them, they would still be at a disadvantage.
Xu Shou stared at the gate of Haoran Sword Hall with a deep look in his eyes. "At that time, they will trap Eastern Emperor and that old woman in the other shore!"
The two strongest forces of Greater One Heavenly Palace were Elder Ying and Eastern Emperor. If the two of them were trapped in the other shore, Greater One Heavenly Palace's strength would naturally be greatly weakened.
"Trap the old woman and Eastern Emperor?" Lady Xuan's eyes flashed.
"It's said that they have already made a move on the old woman. I don't know if they succeeded," Xu Shou said. "And they specifically mentioned someone."
"Who?" Lady Xuan asked.
"Luo Zheng," Xu Shou replied.
Luo Zheng was admittedly a genius, but what use was he to the You Xiong Clan?
"Do you want us to kill him?" There was a trace of excitement on Lady Xuan's face. The last time they captured Luo Zheng and brought him to Great Hao Mountain, they were in a very sorry state. However, Great Hao Mountain did not dare to do anything to him.
"They have to capture him alive. Luo Zheng seems to be very important to them …" Xu Shou said with a puzzled expression. Even if Luo Zheng was an extremely outstanding genius, what was the point of capturing him alive?
"Capturing him alive seems to be a good idea," Lady Xuan's eyes revealed a trace of a sneer.
… …
Great Yi Mountain.
Jade-Green jade trees formed a forest, surrounding a small lake rippling with blue waves.
Countless formations were engraved around these jade trees.
The formations were stacked layer by layer, forming a Great Spirit-Jolting Formation, protecting the small lake and the pavilion by the lake.
After entering the other shore, one's physical body would remain in the same place. For experts like Elder Ying, it was very dangerous. After all, when roaming the other shore, one's physical body would have almost no resistance.
When Elder Ying entered the other shore, the Great Spirit-Jolting Formation would be fully activated. Except for a very small number of people from Great Yi Mountain who could enter, any other living beings would be killed by the Great Spirit-Jolting Formation.
Ling Shuang stood outside the jade trees and paused for a moment. Then, without hesitation, she entered the jade trees.
The Great Spirit-Jolting Formation shot out a rune that covered the surface of Ling Shuang's body. At this moment, all the jade trees were flickering with a red light.

Chapter 3232
Ling Shuang passed through the jade forest and circled around the small lake, arriving at the pavilion by the lakeside.
She pushed open the door of the pavilion and found herself in another space.
There were countless sword lights floating in the space. These sword lights were like a big whirlpool, rotating slowly. This was the famous Taiyi Sword Light.
There were very few people in Taiyi Mountain who could be taught by Elder Ying. Ling Shuang was the only one who was qualified to practice Taiyi Sword Technique in this space.
After she stepped into this space, she came to the big whirlpool formed by the sword lights.
Elder Ying was floating in the middle of the whirlpool. It seemed that Elder Ying was also wandering in the Nirvana Realm.
When Ling Shuang got close, a sword light flew to her side.
She reached out and fiddled with the sword light. A long and melodious sound was transmitted to the inside of the whirlpool. The sound could be heard by Elder Ying in the Nirvana Realm.
If someone else was fiddling with the sword light to wake Elder Ying up, he would be furious. Most of the time, Elder Ying in the Nirvana Realm would ignore it.
However, every time Ling Shuang fiddled with the sword light, Elder Ying would leave the Nirvana Realm immediately.
After fiddling with the sword light, Ling Shuang sat quietly in this space. She hugged her knees and waited for Grandma to wake up. At the same time, she was preparing her words.
Grandma had guessed her granddaughter's thoughts long ago. She wanted to make the decision for Ling Shuang. That was why she confronted Concubine Yan on Taihao Mountain.
However, although Ling Shuang had a fiery temperament, she was very introverted when it came to love. Even if Elder Ying was anxious, there was nothing he could do.
At that time, Ling Shuang also liked to wander in the Nirvana Realm with Luo Zheng. She never thought that Feng Ge would appear out of nowhere.
After hearing Chou Martyrdom's reminder in the Land of Sword Grief, Ling Shuang also understood that she should fight for it like Feng Ge.
However, how to say it to Grandma tactfully was a problem.
She struggled for a while. When she came back to her senses, she realized that half an hour had passed. Grandma was still floating in the middle of the whirlpool.
Ling Shuang was confused. Even if Grandma was in the Nirvana Realm, she should know that she was here. She didn't leave the Nirvana Realm in half an hour. Was she trapped in some special area?
Places like the dark area, the temple, and some other places that didn't allow people to leave at any time. This situation was also very common in the Nirvana Realm.
Ling Shuang thought of the provocative look in Feng Ge's eyes and felt a little uncomfortable. She simply stood there and waited.
After waiting for an hour, Ling Shuang realized that within the vortex of sword light, there was something wrong with Granny's situation. Granny's body was somewhat illusory under the support of the sword light, but she could still observe her clearly.
....................................
.......
Even though Ling Shuang's cultivation was not high, she could tell that something was wrong with her grandmother.
She fiddled with the sword light again. The sword light emitted a rapid and sharp sound that was transmitted to the inside of the whirlpool. Grandma would wake up if she heard this sound no matter what …
..............................
These Taiyi sword lights could be regarded as Elder Gall's doppelgangers. Usually, they would be kept inside Elder Gall's body, but when Elder Gall meditated here, he would release all of them from his body.
Ling Shuang was very familiar with these sword lights. They trembled and wailed. They seemed to have sensed that Grandma was in danger. They cried and complained to Ling Shuang softly.
"Grandma, grandma …"
The scene in front of Ling Shuang reminded her that Grandma was in trouble.
She rushed two steps forward and realized that she couldn't get close to Grandma. Every time Grandma woke up, she would come out of the vortex by herself.
Ling Shuang thought for a while and rushed out of the pavilion. She crushed the Voice-transmitting Talismans after she got out of the jade forest.
Soon, many lights flew up from the many palaces on Mount Taiyi. They went straight to the top of the mountain and gathered outside the jade forest.
These people all had powerful auras. They were the pillars of Mount Taiyi. Lin Zhanting was the leader. Although there were many people, only three to five people were qualified to enter the jade forest. Lin Zhanting was one of them.
After hearing Ling Shuang's words, Lin Zhanting didn't hesitate and went into the jade forest.
Apart from Lin Zhanting, two other people also entered the jade forest.
Ling Shuang wanted to follow them. But when she took a step, she felt heavy.
Even someone like Grandma couldn't avoid such a fate at the top of the Nirvana Realm.
She was afraid. She was afraid that she would see a body without a soul. She was afraid that Grandma would die in front of her.
While Ling Shuang was filled with fear, a pair of hands hugged her from behind.
"Aunt Ping …" Ling Shuang cried.
"Don't be afraid. Nothing will happen." Aunt Ping looked at the jade forest and comforted her. "Grandma is blessed. She will leave the Nirvana Realm safely."
Actually, at Grandma's level, it was difficult for her to die even in the Nirvana Realm. The souls of these powerful people had reached another level.
Did something happen in the Nirvana Realm again?
Aunt Ping had many guesses in her mind, but she didn't show them. She just comforted Ling Shuang softly.
After a long time, Lin Zhanting finally walked out of the jade forest.
Ling Shuang saw his serious expression and felt a little despair in her heart. Then she heard Lin Zhanting say, "Elder Ying should be trapped. The situation is critical, but Elder Ying should be struggling to hold on. I don't know how long Elder Ying can hold on. I will go to the Crown Prince Palace!"
The seven mountains of Taiyi Heavenly Palace were united, especially Taiyi Mountain and Taiyi Mountain. Since Grandma was in trouble, they should inform Donghuang immediately.
Aunt Ping, Ling Shuang, and many powerful people of Taiyi Mountain watched Lin Zhanting leave with heavy expressions.
…
Inside the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
These days, Xi Youqin was very satisfied. At least Luo Zheng was by her side. Even Ning Yudie took care of her. The independent courtyard was unprecedentedly harmonious.
Ning Yudie once suggested that Xi Youqin enter the inner world. With the accelerated flow of time, she could give birth to Lin 'er faster. But Xi Youqin refused. She didn't want this period of time to pass quickly.
"Foundation Replenishing Pill, two million divine crystals. It can replenish Xiantian Qi …"
"Earth Longevity Pill, five hundred thousand divine crystals. Even if she doesn't cultivate and doesn't enter the True God Realm, she can still live for a million years …"
"Extraordinary Endowment Nature Pill, five million divine crystals. It can greatly increase cultivation talent …"
"…"
Xiaoyin displayed the pills she traded in front of Luo Zheng.

Chapter 3233
With Luo Zheng's current resources, spending tens of millions of divine crystals was not a problem. He also made a batch of something as profitable as Sword Comprehension Liquid when he returned to the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
However, Luo Zheng did not take a single divine crystal from the sale of the Sword Comprehension Liquid and had Yin Yuehuan distribute it to the disciples of the Dao Sword Palace.
After all, Luo Zheng had 14 layers of heaven as his backing, which was already an enormous amount of wealth. He did not lack divine crystals.
Refining these fetus nourishing pills was not an easy task for Xi Youqin, but she showed extraordinary tenacity this time. Under Xiaoyin's guidance, she used complicated methods for a full week to refine these pills.
In these few days, in addition to taking care of Xi Youqin and accompanying Ning Yudie and Su Lingyun, Luo Zheng also visited the neighboring courtyard.
After Huo Ze, Lan Qing and the others returned to the Heavenly Palace, they were waiting for Li Lu to pick them up, but Li Lu did not come and Huo Ze and Lan Qing did not mention leaving.
The small world of the Nine Li Tribe's former subordinates couldn't be compared with the Greater One Heavenly Palace. Although they couldn't enter the Land of Sword Grief, Luo Zheng would take care of them in the Wanling City, so they made rapid progress.
Lan Qing, for example, would probably be ranked in the top 900 of the first floor in the Land of Sword Grief …
After returning to the courtyard, Luo Zheng sensed a trace of abnormality in his body. He frowned slightly and sat down cross-legged on the ground. With a thought, an incarnation of his body appeared in his inner world.
Although the Evil God's Soul Lodging Grounds had been removed, everything within the Soul Lodging Grounds remained.
Since the Evil Deities were taken back into his inner world, they had been imprisoned together with Xiuzhu.
Xiuzhu was happy to be able to stay with her husband, even if she was imprisoned.
But this time, after the Evil Deities returned, he was gloomy.
He spoke less and less, and almost didn't communicate with Xiuzhu in a positive manner. However, the gaze he often revealed was extremely deep, as if he was thinking about something.
This made Xiuzhu worried.
Xiuzhu knew that her husband would not compromise or give up. Unless he was destroyed, he would not give up any chance to turn the tables.
However, the Lord was an omnipotent being. Everything in the inner world was a part of the Lord. If the Evil Deities had any thoughts of rebellion, the Lord would know with a single thought!
Xiuzhu didn't even dare to think about it. She was afraid that her thoughts would be known by the Lord, which would make the Lord even more vigilant against her husband.
However, ever since the Lord bestowed upon her husband the Blood Origin Divine Dao, her husband had been immersed in fusing the Divine Dao and was extremely focused. This allowed Xiuzhu to heave a sigh of relief.
Her husband had already offered up his Spiritual Abode, as well as some "Tool of Civilization". Xiuzhu didn't know what it was, but she knew that it contained a terrifying amount of power. In fact, it was countless times more powerful than her husband's Dao-Fusing Divine Dao …
If her husband could successfully fuse the Blood Origin Divine Dao into his body, he would be able to atone for his sins. He would be able to leave this prison and move about freely in this world.
Perhaps she and the Evil Deities could return to those days in the past …
Xiuzhu was deep in thought when a bolt of lightning suddenly flashed beside her, attracting her attention.
The Evil Deities held a ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao in his right hand. This ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao contained a total of 2,998 different Divine Daos. The lightning in the Evil Deities' left hand was the Profound Lightning Divine Dao.
He gently opened his left hand. With a crackling sound, the Profound Lightning Divine Dao entered the ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao. This ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao was still extremely stable!
"Buzz!"
The Evil Deities waved his left hand again. A blood-colored ball of energy revolved around his finger and transformed into a small blood-colored dragon.
It had to be said that the Evil Deities had an extraordinary understanding of the Divine Dao. After Luo Zheng accepted the Blood Origin Divine Dao, he didn't delve too deeply into it. However, the Evil Deities were able to use the Blood Origin Divine Dao to perfection.
After the blood-colored dragon revolved around his fingertip, it also entered the ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao. The ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao contained 3,000 Divine Dao!
Previously, when the Evil God obtained the arc-light energy, he tried to fuse it into three thousand. However, the arc-light energy conflicted with the Mystic Thunder Divine Path. Like a gourd, one of the divine paths was rejected.
Now, the Evil Deities used the Blood Origin Divine Dao to replace it!
"It's done!"
The Evil Deities, who hadn't smiled for a long time, finally had a hint of joy on his face. The ball of energy in his hand really did contain 3,000 Divine Dao.
If it was before, the Evil Deities would have thought that he had completed the unification of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao.
However, the Evil Deities already knew that there were more than 3,000 Divine Dao. According to the information given by Luo Zheng, there should be 3,002 Divine Daos. Even if there were 3,000 Divine Daos, it didn't mean that he had completed the unification of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao.
After fusing the Blood Origin Divine Dao, his fingertip flickered with an arc light. It was the arc light energy that he cultivated. The arc light energy flickered and disappeared into the ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao.
When the arc light energy disappeared, the ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao underwent a sudden change. The ball of energy became extremely unstable, and more than 30 Divine Daos split from it!
"Why did it split?"
The Evil Deities was slightly shocked. He only hesitated for a moment. Seeing that the ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao was about to explode, he flicked his left hand again and fused the ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao with the ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao!
"Buzz …"
The 3,001 Divine Dao's Dao had been successfully fused …
"It seems that I have to fuse the ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao again if I want to reach this stage …" The Evil Deities looked relieved.
This was also because the Evil Deities was extremely talented. If it were anyone else, they wouldn't be able to reach this stage in one go. It was very likely that they would have to fumble for tens of thousands of years, or even hundreds of thousands of years.
After the 3,001 Divine Dao fused together, the ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao changed again and turned into a ball of bright purple light!
"Husband, the power of this ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao seems to have become much stronger!" Xiuzhu said from the side.
"Yes!"
The Evil Deities nodded with a satisfied smile. He waved his hand gently, and the bright purple ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao gradually turned into a rhombus-shaped ball of energy. Then, the rhombus-shaped ball of energy began to stack!
In the blink of an eye, the Evil Deities had stacked the ball of energy to almost a hundred layers!
"Go!"
The Evil Deities flicked the ball of energy, and the rhombus-shaped ball of energy shot forward.
"Boom!"
The rhombus-shaped ball of energy suddenly exploded like a sun, releasing a blazing white light. However, within this blazing white light, one could faintly see purple energy arrows spreading out.
Xiuzhu only took a glance before covering her eyes and hiding behind her husband. Meanwhile, the Evil Deities looked on excitedly as the ball of light expanded.
The power of the Dao-Fusing Divine Dao had increased by an order of magnitude, reaching over ten thousand Shen Jun. This exceeded the Evil Deities' expectations.
Moreover, the Evil Deities had only stacked the ball of Dao-Fusing Divine Dao by a hundred layers. In reality, his current limit was 193 layers!
If he used his full strength, the power would be doubled!
After the Dao-Fusing Divine Dao exploded, the light produced by the explosion shot out in all directions. Just as it was about to wreak havoc in Luo Zheng's inner world, the spreading light suddenly froze, shrank, and turned back into the rhombus-shaped ball of energy. It was as if time was rewinding.

Chapter 3234
When Evil Deities completely fused these Shinto, Luo Zheng was already alarmed.
The power contained in this rhombus-shaped energy was not only beyond the expectations of Evil Deities, but also greatly beyond Luo Zheng's expectations.
The moment the rhombus-shaped energy exploded, the power that was about to spread out exceeded ten thousand Shen Jun. If it was outside the Inner World, Luo Zheng might not be able to withstand it!
However, it was not a problem inside Luo Zheng's Inner World. Luo Zheng easily restored it to its original form.
Evil Deities wanted to see this energy explode and observe its true power.
Halfway through, Luo Zheng stopped them. He immediately frowned.
Even if Luo Zheng did not raise his head, he could still sense the change in Evil Deities' mood. He said to Evil Deities, "If this energy explodes completely, I'm afraid it will destroy more than half of my Inner World. How can I let it explode … …"
"Even you are afraid of something?" Evil Deities coldly snorted.
Luo Zheng held the rhombus-shaped energy and slowly floated over. At the same time, he said, "In theory, there should not be anything in the Inner World that I am afraid of, but you are an accident."
In theory, Evil Deities' birth took away Luo Zheng's talent. However, everything had its pros and cons. If Evil Deities did not leave his Inner World, his Inner World, as the birthplace, would give birth to many tribulations, and these tribulations would be a big test for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng floated to the front of the golden fence and handed the rhombus-shaped energy to Evil Deities. At the same time, he praised, "You did a good job."
"So what if I did a good job?" Evil Deities coldly sneered.
"I will give you a reward," Luo Zheng said again.
Hearing this, Evil Deities' expression did not change at all.
Last time, after the Evil Deities helped Luo Zheng successfully integrate with the Tao, Luo Zheng was able to let him go. However, after this experience, Luo Zheng would not make the same mistake again. Besides, he had no desire for other things from Luo Zheng, so he was not interested in the reward he mentioned.
"Can you repeat the process of Dao Fusion?" Luo Zheng asked.
Evil Deities glared at Luo Zheng from inside the fence and disintegrated the rhombus-shaped energy in his hand. He was too lazy to repeat the same thing in front of Luo Zheng.
"Husband, since the Lord has said so, why don't we merge again?" Xiuzhu advised from behind the Evil Deities. She believed that it was unwise to go against the Lord.
"There's no need for me to do it. He can do it himself," Evil Deities said coldly.
The corners of Luo Zheng's mouth curled up slightly. He stretched out his finger and clasped it slightly. A long sword appeared in his hand out of thin air.
A long sword condensed casually like this naturally would not be very strong. However, with the support of Luo Zheng's thoughts, it was the strongest sword here.
He stood with the sword in his hand, his eyes flashing.
In Luo Zheng's field of vision, the scene of the Evil God fusing with the Evil God had already started to replay, and there were practically no details left out!
"Buzz!"
The energy of Dao Fusion began to hover around Luo Zheng's long sword. 2,999 types of Taoist Connotation began to converge. Then, the Dark Thunder Divine Path, the Blood Origin Divine Path, and that arc of light began to converge!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
After Luo Zheng merged according to the order, an accident also occurred. More than 30 types of Taoist Connotation of Divine Paths split up on their own.
Luo Zheng had observed this accident once and was prepared for it. He stretched out his hand and flicked it repeatedly. The more than 30 types of Divine Paths merged into a ball again and converged into the energy of Dao Fusion.
A strand of violet light blossomed …
Luo Zheng stood with the sword in his hand. He then said: "I don't have much time to cultivate the Fusion Deity Sword Scripture. However, this Fusion Deity Sword Scripture is similar to the rhombus energy you created. I can directly borrow your experience of fusing that rhombus energy!"
One had to admit that the talent of Evil Deities in this aspect made Luo Zheng jealous.
Evil Deities had relied on their own instincts to create their own rhombus energy. Even though the rhombus energy created by them did not have any moves, it was far more stable and easier to learn than the < Fusion Deity Sword Scripture > created by Donghuang Tai Yi.
One had to know that Donghuang Tai Yi had spent a lot of time and effort to create a supreme sword scripture like the < Fusion Deity Sword Scripture >. And how long had it been since Evil Deities cultivated the Fusion Deity Sword Scripture and released it into the Chaotic Origin Great World?
There were times when Luo Zheng had the impulse to devour Evil Deities. But when he recalled the warning of the Spirit of Green Jade, Luo Zheng suppressed it.
"Hua!"
The three violet sword lights fused together. This sword light was condensed according to the < Fusion Deity Sword Scripture >. But during the condensation process, Luo Zheng made some changes. He turned the sword light into a rhombus shape. And during the fusion process, Luo Zheng used the Evil Deities' technique to stack them together!
After retrieving Evil Deities into his inner world, Luo Zheng did not just obtain the Paramita Token. He also obtained everything about him, including his memories, experiences, experiences …
But out of respect, Luo Zheng did not take the initiative to pry into the memories of Evil Deities. He only obtained the other party's experience of condensing the rhombus energy.
Tenth level …
Fiftieth level …
Hundredth level …
Ninetieth level …
The more he stacked, the more terrifying the Fusion Deity energy on Luo Zheng's sword became.
Soon, the Fusion Deity energy on the sword was so strong that even Evil Deities were surprised. He could not help but say, "This energy seems to be even sharper when released with the Sword Principle …"
"East Emperor is a supreme expert in the Mother World. He is comparable to the captain of the Kurofune. The < Fusion Deity Sword Scripture > he wrote has its merits. If you want to learn it, I can get it for you," Luo Zheng said.
As a supreme sword scripture, the < Fusion Deity Sword Scripture > could not be passed to outsiders after it was borrowed. But Luo Zheng could borrow it for Evil Deities once, so the divine crystals were not a problem.
After saying that, Luo Zheng suddenly raised his hand.
That sword had already slashed out into the distance. The purple sword light contained the power of nearly 20,000 Jun, and when the sword light flew out, the surrounding space had already been shattered beyond recognition …
Just before the sword light exploded, Luo Zheng made a huge black crack bloom in front of the sword light. It swallowed the sword light completely.
By letting this sword light explode in his inner world, it could easily destroy his inner world.
"In any case, I can't leave this place. What's the point of learning it?" Evil Deities lowered his head and said unhappily.
Luo Zheng looked at Evil Deities indifferently. He then said, "Trapping you here is indeed a waste …"
Hearing this, Evil Deities abruptly raised his head and looked at Luo Zheng with bewilderment.
Luo Zheng flipped his hand and passed over a handful of Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals. At the same time, he said, "200 Chaotic Origin Spirits are enough for you to step into the Chaotic Origin Realm."
Since the Kurofune personally sent Evil Deities to the Chaotic Origin Great World, Evil Deities naturally understood how important the Chaotic Origin Spirits were. After Evil Deities failed, he no longer harbored any hope of stepping into the Chaotic Origin Realm. Who would have thought that Luo Zheng would give him one? This was something that Evil Deities had never thought of.
If Luo Zheng gave Evil Deities other things, Evil Deities would definitely reject it. But the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals …

Chapter 3235
In the future, the Chaotic Origin Great World would no longer exist. There would be no other way to obtain the Chaotic Origin Spirit. This would most likely be the last chance for him to step into the Chaotic Origin Realm.
"Refining the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystal requires the installation of another array. After a period, I'll help you obtain the method to set up the array." Luo Zheng added.
After placing the Chaotic Origin Spirit into the fleshy body, it required an array to refine it.
This place was too far away from that 'abandoned' Chaotic Origin Great World. Luo Zheng would naturally not allow Evil Deities to refine the Chaotic Origin Great World. Nevertheless, it should not be difficult to set up the array required for the refinement.
"What do you mean by what you just said?" Evil Deities asked again.
Evil Deities was interested in the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystal. But he was more interested in the previous sentence of Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng revealed a smile in his eyes.
Indeed, he was unwilling to be trapped within the Chaotic Origin Great World by Evil Deities.
"I wish to let you out." Luo Zheng said.
"Let me out?" Evil Deities' eyes flickered. He could not believe his ears.
Ever since he was captured by Luo Zheng, Evil Deities had lost all hope. He was waiting for Luo Zheng to devour him.
Who would have thought that Luo Zheng did not devour him. Instead, he imprisoned him so that he could fuse with the energy of the Dao. Given how intelligent Evil Deities was, he could understand Luo Zheng's actions.
Just like what Luo Zheng said, if he was truly an evil thought of this world, absorbing him would only bring more trouble to Luo Zheng.
Previously, Luo Zheng released him because he used the Soul Planting Land to restrain him.
But Luo Zheng was already familiar with the flaws of the Soul Planting Land. It was impossible for him to use the same method again. Unless …
Just as Evil Deities was pondering, Luo Zheng said: "There is only one price for letting you out. You will become my Dao Refinement Avatar."
Before entering the Chaotic Origin Great World, the Evil Deities had learned about Dao Refinement Avatar. It was a technique to refine living beings in one's inner world into avatars.
Previously, the Evil Deities also wanted to refine Luo Zheng into their doppelganger. If they could have a body as strong as Luo Zheng's, it would be the icing on the cake!
However, the final result was the opposite …
Luo Zheng said faintly, "However, in general, the Dao Refinement Doppelganger erases your consciousness and turns you into a doppelganger of the original body. However, I intend to keep your consciousness. In other words, you will have freedom in most cases, but you will not be able to disobey my orders."
After returning to the Greater One Heavenly Palace, Luo Zheng also took some time to understand the Dao Refinement Clones. It was not a complicated ability, because it could directly control the clones, so it was more practical than the Spirit Dwelling Land.
Refining Evil Deities into an ordinary doppelganger would not be of much use to Luo Zheng. Purely in terms of fleshy body, the Evil Deities were far inferior to him. However, the Evil Deities had some talents that were stronger than him. If he could utilize them properly, it would be a huge help.
After finishing his words, Luo Zheng continued asking, "Are you willing?"
"I don't have a choice." Evil Deities chuckled.
Deep in his heart, the Evil Deities was willing. No matter what, it was better than being trapped in his inner world. Furthermore, the Dao Refinement Clones might not necessarily …
When the thoughts of the Evil Deities reached this point, he stopped. Luo Zheng could pry into his thoughts. Some thoughts were taboo to the current him.
Luo Zheng extended his hand and waved towards that golden fence. Immediately, the entire fence broke apart, and the mountain collapsed.
When the mortals in the nations below saw the mountain collapsing, they revealed expressions of fear and trepidation.
"Lord, I …" Xiuzhu floated in the air and looked at Luo Zheng with a pleading expression.
The living beings in his inner world did not know that there was a heaven beyond heaven. Naturally, they did not have many thoughts.
But once they knew that there was a world beyond their inner world, how could those with lofty aspirations be willing to confine themselves to this world?
Xiuzhu was the woman of the Evil Deities. She had known for a long time that there was a great world outside. However, compared to seeing that great world, she was more willing to follow the Evil Deities.
"You can leave with him. I will not restrict you," Luo Zheng said directly.
Hearing this, Xiuzhu's face lit up with joy. She repeatedly cheered, "Thank you, Lord!"
Even the Evil Deities were rather surprised. His eyes contained a trace of joy that had not been seen in a long time.
Afterwards, with Luo Zheng's permission, the Evil Deities and Xiuzhu went to the Main Continent to bid farewell to their children.
Although the Evil Deities had left for quite some time, he was already a legend in this world. Many of the mysteries of this world were in the hands of his children. Even without the Evil Deities as a tree to rely on, their children were still outstanding people in this world.
When the children of the Evil Deities saw the return of the Evil Deities, they were all pleasantly surprised. When they heard that their father and mother were going to leave together, they revealed a hint of reluctance. However, as the children of the Evil Deities, they also understood their father's pursuit.
After Luo Zheng dispersed his inner incarnation, he regained consciousness. The moment he opened his eyes, he felt a warm breath on his face. Then, he saw Xi Youqin's face very close.
"What are you doing?" Luo Zheng was startled. He did not know whether to laugh or cry as he asked.
Xi Youqin stared at Luo Zheng and said, "I saw that you were meditating in the courtyard. I was afraid that something might happen to you …"
She thought Luo Zheng had entered the Paramita Realm.
For example, Ning Yudie, Xun, and the other girls had a certain understanding of the Paramita Realm. However, Xi Youqin could not understand it at all, nor was she interested in understanding it. She only knew that the Paramita Realm was very dangerous.
Luo Zheng stroked Xi Youqin's head and comforted her softly, "I'm just looking into my inner world."
"Why are you looking into your inner world?" Xi Youqin asked curiously.
"Someone is coming out."
Luo Zheng stood up and turned around. When he faced an empty space, he waved his hands in the air. Xiuzhu, dressed in white, appeared in the courtyard.
It was Xiuzhu's first time in this world. Her beautiful face was filled with fear, but at the same time, she was filled with curiosity about this world.
"My Lord, you live in a place like this?" Xiuzhu asked.
In Xiuzhu's eyes, Luo Zheng was omnipotent. He was an invincible god. Although this independent courtyard was exquisite, it was still very ordinary. It was not worthy of her Lord's identity. Xiuzhu could not understand this …
"My husband, who is she?"
Xi Youqin, who was as obedient as a lamb a moment ago, had a thunderous expression on her face. She looked like she was about to explode.
"She's someone from my inner world. I promised to release her," Luo Zheng explained.
"Just because she's beautiful?" Xi Youqin said with a serious look.
The woman that the Evil Deities took a fancy to was naturally devastatingly beautiful. Xi Youqin felt a great sense of crisis. In fact, not only Xi Youqin, even Ning Yudie was looking down from the second floor. Not far away, Xiaoyin, Xiao Xin, and Su Lingyun were secretly sizing up Xiuzhu.
"You're thinking too much," Luo Zheng shook his head with a smile. "Her husband hasn't come out yet. Let me set up a formation first."
Although Luo Zheng was not afraid that the Evil Deities would escape, before releasing the Evil Deities, he had to make thorough preparations to ensure that nothing would go wrong.

Chapter 3236
Xiuzhu wondered where this woman had come from. How dare she speak to the "Lord" like that?
Although she had many questions in her heart, she didn't dare to ask in front of the "Lord".
When the "Lord" said that he wanted to set up a formation, Xiuzhu immediately stepped aside. She had left the "Lord's" Inner World freely, so it wouldn't be so easy for her husband.
After receiving Luo Zheng's explanation, Xi Youqin also stepped aside, but there was still a hint of vigilance in her eyes.
Luo Zheng was busy in the independent courtyard.
The Body Refining Soul Splitting Formation wasn't difficult. In fact, it was just using a special method to refine the Inner World into a "puppet". Of course, there were differences between these kinds of puppets.
Most of the time, the Evil Deities would have their own freedom, but as long as Luo Zheng willed it, he could take over the Evil Deities' bodies.
It took Luo Zheng an hour to set up the formation. When the formation was finished, Luo Zheng once again drew out the Evil Deities from the Inner World.
After the Evil Deities came out of Luo Zheng's Inner World, they were trapped by the formation. At the same time, a white light shot out from the formation. This white light pierced through Luo Zheng's head and rushed toward the Evil Deities' forehead.
Their consciousnesses were connected, and they could sense each other's existence.
However, there was a difference between the two. Luo Zheng was the main, and the Evil Deities was the secondary.
The formation flashed for another hour, and the Body Refining Soul Splitting Formation was finally completed. As the formation gradually dimmed, the Body Refining Soul Splitting Formation was finally completed.
"Husband!"
Xiuzhu stepped forward. Just as she approached the Evil Deities, the Evil Deities suddenly stretched out their hands to stop her.
A look of surprise appeared in her eyes. Although the person in front of her was undoubtedly her husband, his mannerisms, demeanor, and aura were completely different from her husband's. The Evil Deities' eyes were clear, and his expression was indifferent. Instead, he was somewhat similar to the "Lord".
It was indeed Luo Zheng who was occupying the body of the Evil Deities. The will of the Evil Deities had been suppressed by Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng had absolute control over this doppelganger.
When the Evil Deities closed their eyes and opened them again, Luo Zheng's consciousness had already left his body and was replaced by the Evil Deities' own consciousness. His slender eyes flickered and a faint evil aura spread out. He reached out and pulled Xiuzhu, who was not far away, into his arms.
Xiuzhu also understood that this was undoubtedly her husband.
Evil Deities looked around and asked, "Where is this place?"
"Greater One Heavenly Palace, Greater One Mountain, Heart Flow Sword Sect," Luo Zheng replied.
Evil Deities looked around the independent courtyard.
He had once struggled in the mother world and knew that the environment of the mother world was much worse than Luo Zheng's inner world. Naturally, he would not be like Xiuzhu, who imagined the outside world to be very beautiful and Luo Zheng to be very powerful.
"You were treated well in the Greater One Heavenly Palace," Evil Deities said.
In contrast, the environment in the Black Mountain Sect was countless times worse. Even when cultivating, he had to be on guard against sneak attacks.
"If you want such treatment, you have to fight for it yourself," Luo Zheng pointed at the main entrance of the independent courtyard.
Currently, Evil Deities was still considered an "unregistered resident". With his current strength, it was impossible for him to make a trip to Dragon City and climb Greater One Mountain.
Under Luo Zheng's personal communication, the Heart Flow Sword Sect accepted Evil Deities as one of their members and arranged them to live in the outer courtyard.
But Evil Deities only stayed in that courtyard for three days.
Three days later, the Heart Flow Pagoda opened.
Evil Deities performed amazingly in the Heart Flow Pagoda. Even though he did not break Luo Zheng's record, he still crushed the others and was given an independent courtyard just like Luo Zheng.
When Xiaoyin and Little Xin learned of this, they were shocked. A genius like their Young Master was rare, yet the lifeforms in his inner world were so powerful. They found it hard to understand.
Luo Zheng did not explain further. He was busy helping Evil Deities condense Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals.
Arranging such an array was beyond Luo Zheng's ability. He could only ask Qiu Yinhe for help. But Qiu Yinhe seemed to have disappeared without a trace.
Because Great Celestial Mountain's Elder Ying was trapped on the other shore, the entire Greater One Heavenly Palace became nervous.
Great Celestial Mountain was after all the number two of the Greater One Heavenly Palace. With her trapped on the other shore, the Greater One Heavenly Palace lost a powerful helper.
And this matter caused the Greater One Heavenly Palace to fall into a crisis. Since someone dared to touch Great Celestial Mountain, they would naturally dare to touch the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
The arrays on the Seven Mountains of the Center God Province were activated. All the passes, teleportation arrays, and Realm Walls were strengthened. Those Tai Yiwei experts who were originally staying in the Dragon City were all sent out. It was as though they were facing a great enemy.
Luo Zheng stayed in the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Naturally, he did not notice these changes. In reality, Qiu Yinhe was also rushing around. He was busy with the defense of the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
A week later, Qiu Yinhe returned to the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
When he heard that Luo Zheng wanted an array to refine Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals, Qiu Yinhe was not too surprised. Qiu Yinhe had seen how Luo Zheng took a considerable amount of Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals outside the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Qiu Yinhe agreed to Luo Zheng's request. Those arrays within the Chaotic Origin Great World had many functions. And refining Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals seemed to be the simplest function.
But a few days later, three Grandmasters from the Absolute Formation Sword Sect personally set up this array in the independent courtyard of Evil Deities. After that, Evil Deities entered the array and refined the Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm.
Since they had reached the Chaotic Origin Realm, they were qualified to enter the Land of Sword Grief. On the second day, Luo Zheng gave some instructions to Xi Youqin and asked Xiaoyin and Little Xin to treat her well. After that, he left the mountain with Evil Deities and headed straight to the Land of Sword Grief.
When Chou Xue and the other new Chaotic Origin Realm disciples saw Evil Deities, they were startled.
Even though they knew that Luo Zheng had subdued Evil Deities, this fellow should have been dealt with by Luo Zheng. Yet now, he was jumping and jumping around behind Luo Zheng. Furthermore, he had even reached the Chaotic Origin Realm?
In this world, only Luo Zheng could help Evil Deities reach the Chaotic Origin Realm.
But seeing Evil Deities obediently following behind Luo Zheng, Chou Xue and the other experienced disciples soon understood that Evil Deities seemed to have refined a Dao Refinement Avatar.
"Go and find that Fang Wei. Ask him to arrange a cultivation room for you." Luo Zheng said to Evil Deities.
Evil Deities did not like others ordering him around. Even those supreme experts on the black ship rarely listened to Evil Deities. And that Shen Tu, for instance, would usually coax Evil Deities most of the time.
Hearing Luo Zheng's orders, he frowned. But he forcibly suppressed the impulse in his heart.
He would not forget his current identity. He was just a puppet with thoughts!
Evil Deities nodded. He followed Luo Zheng's instructions and went to find that Fang Wei.
Chou Xue watched as Evil Deities left. Only then did he say to Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo Zheng, do you know what happened in the Heaven Palace recently?"
"What happened?" Luo Zheng asked curiously. He was taking care of Xi Youqin in the Heart Flow Sword Sect. Naturally, he did not know.
The disciples in the Land of Sword Grief were all elites of the Seven Mountains. News of any movement in the Supreme Yi Heaven Palace would spread across the Land of Sword Grief.
Chou Xue then told him about the recent happenings. It was related to Elder Ying being trapped on the other shore and Jinwu stirring up trouble in the Guan Shan Prefecture.
As Luo Zheng listened, his frown deepened.
On the other side …
Fang Wei and the other old men were currently staring at Evil Deities with critical eyes.

Chapter 3237
"Newcomer, do you belong to the Greater One Mountain's Heart Flow Sword Sect?" Fang Wei looked askance at Evil Deities.
Evil Deities naturally had a chilling evil aura, which made Fang Wei and the other elders very unhappy.
"Yes," Evil Deities calmly replied.
"Why didn't you enter the Sword of Grief with the others?" Fang Wei asked again.
"I don't know," Evil Deities replied.
Fang Wei looked at Evil Deities' cold expression and frowned even more, asking again: "Fine, tell me your name, I'll help you record it on the Ranking Stone."
The group of new disciples had gradually been ranked. Since Evil Deities joined later, he was naturally ranked last on the Ranking Stone.
"Evil Deities," Evil Deities replied.
"What?"
Hearing this name, Fang Wei almost thought that he had misheard.
"Evil Deities," Evil Deities replied again.
"Wuhaha …"
Fang Wei and the other elders suddenly held their bellies and laughed.
Even if the True God Realm was considered a realm and had a longer lifespan, there was almost no one in the Mother World who called themselves Evil Deities.
This guy in front of them actually dared to call himself Evil Deities. In the eyes of Fang Wei and the other elders, he was indeed a good joke.
Evil Deities silently looked at the people in front of him, neither happy nor sad.
If it was before, these idiots would already be a pile of corpses …
But Luo Zheng's order was for him to find Fang Wei to register and get a secret cultivation room. Evil Deities had to act according to Luo Zheng's orders, other problems were not within his consideration.
Fang Wei laughed for a while, then said to the person next to him: "Lu Xuan, go record his name on the Ranking Stone."
The person called Lu Xuan walked to the Ranking Stone and recorded Evil Deities' name.
Then Fang Wei explained the rules to Evil Deities. On the first day of entering the Sword of Grief, Evil Deities had the right to challenge everyone on the first floor. After their names were determined, they could be assigned secret cultivation rooms according to their rankings.
"Including you?" Evil Deities asked.
"Of course, that includes me. The premise is that you dare to challenge me." Fang Wei chuckled.
"Understood. I'll challenge you," Evil Deities said expressionlessly.
Fang Wei's expression froze, and he stared at Evil Deities with a strange gaze. For a moment, he didn't know how to respond.
Even the people around Fang Wei did not expect Evil Deities to challenge Fang Wei …
"Is this guy an idiot?"
"The guy who came up with such a name probably has a problem with his brain."
"It's fine. Since he dares to challenge me, I can't refuse." Fang Wei revealed a self-deprecating smile.
Ever since Luo Zheng's group of new disciples trampled on the elders of the first floor, these new disciples had been looking down on them more and more.
Fang Wei felt that it was necessary to show off his strength. Otherwise, these new disciples wouldn't know how strong he was.
Hearing these people's sarcastic remarks, Evil Deities still didn't say a word, and only asked, "Where do I challenge you?"
"The battle stage at the back. You, follow me!" Fang Wei pointed at Evil Deities, and walked toward the back door of the Land of Sword Grief.
"Today, a new disciple challenged Fang Wei!"
"It's about to start!"
"Everyone, don't miss it. Senior Brother Fang Wei's strength has improved recently! Through the battle, everyone can see what level he is at now! "
There were still two days before the first day of the month. Most people in the Land of Sword Grief had used up their right to challenge, and no one had stepped onto the battle stage for half a month.
After these people's shouts, they had indeed attracted a lot of attention.
And this time, after Luo Zheng occupied the Wanling City, in addition to the new disciples who had a good relationship with Luo Zheng, Fang Wei was the one who got the most benefits. After all, before Luo Zheng entered the Wanling City, Fang Wei was responsible for maintaining the stronghold of Greater One Heavenly Palace in the Wanling City.
Many people said that after Fang Wei's strength improved greatly, he might be able to reach the top 30 of the first floor. Someone once asked in front of Fang Wei, but Fang Wei just pretended to be profound and didn't answer. But it could be seen that this time, Fang Wei had indeed been reborn in the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven.
Everyone also wanted to see to what extent Fang Wei had improved.
On the other side, Chou Xue was still reporting some major events in the Heavenly Palace. Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and said, "Lingshuang hasn't come to the Land of Sword Grief for several days?"
"Yes, I haven't seen her these days." Chou Xue nodded.
Everyone was clear about the relationship between Elder Ying and Lingshuang. Now that Elder Ying had been eliminated, Lingshuang naturally didn't feel good in her heart. She most likely didn't have the time to cultivate in the Land of Sword Grief. It was unknown if she had gone to the Paramita.
Luo Zheng pondered for a moment. The matter of Elder Ying involved the apex experts of the Origin World. The height in the Paramita wasn't something that Luo Zheng could touch. It was likely that he couldn't do anything about this matter …
At this moment, the shouts of several old men in the Land of Sword Grief reached the ears of Luo Zheng and Chou Xue.
"Challenge Fang Wei?" Luo Zheng was slightly startled.
"That fellow should have the strength to challenge Chun Hao right?" Chou Xue said with slight confusion.
Chou Xue and many other new disciples didn't have a good impression of the Evil Deities. After all, in the Chaotic Origin Great World, the Evil Deities had once massacred the disciples of the Heavenly Palace.
But since the Evil Deities had been dealt with by Luo Zheng, it was inconvenient for them to vent their anger on the past.
But no matter what, they recognized the strength of the Evil Deities. The Evil Deities shouldn't be any weaker than Luo Zheng. It would be a waste for them to challenge a mere Fang Wei …
"Let him be." Luo Zheng indifferently said: "Let's go over too."
Fang Wei was the first to stand on the stage.
The edge of his lips curled upwards. He had a smile on his face. His eyes were even filled with an unbridled light.
Luo Zheng asked Chou Xue to help him deal with all matters in the Myriad Spirit City. But how could Chou Xue handle everything by himself?
Fang Wei had previously represented the disciples of the Heavenly Palace to guard the Myriad Spirit City. He was familiar with many clans in the Myriad Spirit City. When he was cleaning up the Dark Bear Tribe, he discovered a unique Paramita Token. That Paramita Token was at least high-grade. At that time, Fang Wei kept it for himself and did not report it.
With this Paramita Token, it was enough for him to charge into the top ten of the first level!
Today, since this brainless Evil Deities had bumped into his blade, it was a good opportunity for him to test his skills.
"Please come up." Fang Wei gestured for him to come up.
After Evil Deities stepped onto the stage expressionlessly, he instinctively emitted an indistinct evil aura. In the past, he had relied on this evil aura to instill fear in his opponents. Now, he had tried his best to restrain it, yet he could not completely conceal it.
When those new disciples saw the appearance of Evil Deities and felt his aura, their expressions changed greatly.
"Why is it him?"
"Didn't he get absorbed into the inner world by Luo Zheng?"
"That's not right. He had already lost before he defeated the Chaotic Origin Spirit. Now that he has entered the Chaotic Origin Realm?"
To these new disciples who had experienced Evil Deities before, he was like a nightmare. Most likely, none of them were willing to meet him again.

Chapter 3238
The elders of the Land of Sword Grief looked at the arena with a mocking expression.
Not everyone was as monstrous as Luo Zheng, who dared to challenge Chun Hao as soon as he entered the Land of Sword Grief.
Judging from the Yang Soul aura, this person seemed to have not even stepped into the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven. He challenged Fang Wei as soon as he came to the Land of Sword Grief. He was also an arrogant fellow.
"Since this is your first time on the arena, I have to make some rules clear." Fang Wei's face was full of disdain. "You can't use the power of the Nirvana Token here. It's a competition of pure power, because …"
In the eyes of Evil Deities, Fang Wei was just talking nonsense. However, he still restrained his temper and stared at Fang Wei with a calm gaze.
Battles could excite Evil Deities, but trash like Fang Wei could not arouse his interest.
After Fang Wei explained the rules, he asked again, "Do you understand what I said?"
"There is a question," Evil Deities said.
"Speak," Fang Wei said.
"Can we use Divine Path in this arena?" Evil Deities asked.
"Divine Path?" Fang Wei was stunned again.
Many elders in the Land of Sword Grief were also stunned. After a short moment of shock, it was followed by roaring laughter.
"Is this guy really here to be funny?"
"Hey hey hey! Do you know what this guy's name is on the Ranking Stone? Evil Deities! "
"Haha, this name is really amazing …"
Evil Deities' words immediately ignited everyone's emotions. At first, the onlookers just wanted to know how much Fang Wei's strength had improved. After all, those who were ranked before Fang Wei more or less felt threatened.
However, now, they were more interested in Evil Deities.
As for the new disciples, they carefully stared at Evil Deities on the arena.
With this guy's violent temper, it was possible for him to kill someone in a fit of anger. They did not know if Evil Deities still had the strength he had before. Since Luo Zheng dared to let him out, he must have made sufficient preparations.
It was as if Evil Deities had no ears. None of the mocking words reached his ears, and he completely ignored them.
"Of course you can use Shinto. This battle stage only prohibits the ability of the Paramita Token. If you want to use Shinto, no one will stop you." Fang Wei chuckled.
"Understood." Evil Deities nodded.
The smile on Fang Wei's face grew wider and wider. At the same time, he said, "Since you understand, then you should learn from it. Next time, you must remember to choose your opponent carefully!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Nirvana Realm Token in Fang Wei's body began to move restlessly. The turbulent Nirvana Power began to gather in his body.
Fang Wei did not intend to use his full strength to teach a latecomer a lesson. His full strength was used to charge into the top ten, and this guy in front of him was not qualified to see it!
"You should rejoice that this is the Land of Sword Mourning, and that we're fellow disciples of the Heaven Palace. I won't cripple you. However, if I teach you a lesson, then …."
As Fang Wei spoke, he charged toward Evil Deities.
The new disciples were wondering if Evil Deities would use such a terrifying World Token, while the old disciples were imagining Evil Deities' bones shattering and flying out injured ….
However, the scene that unfolded before their eyes was different from what they had imagined.
Before Fang Wei could finish speaking, he had already charged in front of Evil Deities. Everyone saw a ball of energy suddenly appear in Evil Deities' hand.
"Taoist Connotation?" A sharp-eyed person immediately recognized it.
"It seems to be a fusion of several types of Shinto, but the power of the fusion is very ordinary …." Someone was puzzled.
"But this ball of Taoist Connotation …."
Just before everyone came to a conclusion, the ball of energy had already exploded in front of Fang Wei.
"Boom!"
A blazing sun bloomed on the battle stage.
Within the blazing sun, there were also bunches of purple energy arrows. The power contained within these energy arrows was also astonishing!
Fang Wei originally wanted to say something, but the exploding energy had forcefully cut off those words. At this moment, Fang Wei had fallen into a state of confusion.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit within his body became fatigued at that moment. His entire fleshy body was sent flying. And during this process, the energy continued corroding his body. His blood, flesh, and bones were all undergoing a huge test at this moment …
"Kuang!"
Eventually, Fang Wei smashed into the side of the bronze building. His entire body was badly mutilated. His injuries were extremely serious.
It was extremely quiet beneath the battle stage.
Even though fists and kicks had no eyes, the gap in strength between the disciples on the First Level was not too big. In addition, everyone had the protection of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. Even if they were injured, they would not be too heavily injured.
Because this was the first time everyone saw someone being injured so severely during a spar.
"Hmph, just like an ant."
The Evil God snorted coldly and walked off the fighting ring without saying a word.
The disciples from the Land of Sword Grief had their mouths agape. They watched in a daze as Evil Deities left. After a long while, someone exclaimed: "Hurry, save him!"
A few old men from the Land of Sword of Grief rushed over and practically pulled Fang Wei down from the wall. Someone used an ability to protect his life force and hurriedly transported Fang Wei away.
The new disciples had a worried look. Evil Deities was ultimately that Evil Deities. But from the looks of it, he should be under the control of Luo Zheng. Hence, his performance was relatively restrained.
If not for that, Fang Wei would not be the only unlucky one today. Everyone present here would be unlucky …
Evil Deities walked to the front of Luo Zheng. He said: "Since you did not stop me, I will personally act to teach him a lesson."
Evil Deities was an intelligent person.
He knew that Luo Zheng was not a bloodthirsty person. Naturally, he did not like to see him casually kill people.
But Fang Wei was a noisy fellow. Making Evil Deities endure was not something he could do. Thus, Evil Deities did his best to teach Fang Wei a lesson without taking his life. He had a very precise grasp of the situation.
"Well done."
Luo Zheng gave his evaluation.
He had long since disliked Fang Wei. Especially after he brought such great benefits to the Land of Sword Grief, this fellow still did not like him.
But back then, on the First Floor, he had set his sights on Chun Hao. This Fang Wei really did not have the qualifications to be Luo Zheng's target.
Today, he had borrowed the hands of Evil Deities to teach this fellow an unforgettable lesson.
Because he had defeated Fang Wei, Evil Deities's name on the Ranking Stone skyrocketed. He had risen from the top 1000 to the top 500.
But everyone who had seen Evil Deities act understood that this fellow was probably on the same level as Luo Zheng. He was completely qualified to crush the First Floor, or even … the Second Floor.
Moreover, this person's attacks were even more ferocious. Everyone was silently vigilant. If by any chance they were chosen as the target of this person's challenge, they had to be careful.
After Evil Deities opened the secret cultivation room, he directly chose to go into seclusion.

Chapter 3239
Luo Zheng did not interfere too much with how Evil Deities cultivated.
After hearing Chou Xue's words, Luo Zheng felt a strand of danger rising in his heart. He needed to improve himself as soon as possible.
It seemed that the calm situation in the Mother World could not be maintained for much longer.
Within the Thirteen Heavens …
A Sun Soul was condensing continuously, rapidly turning into a human figure.
This Sun Soul was emitting a sinister aura. He was none other than the infamous "Soul Devouring Devil" Evil Deities of the Color Realm's Thirteen Heavens.
Not far away from Evil Deities, there were six to seven Sun Souls. These Sun Souls came from different races and had different shapes.
Those who were qualified to enter the Thirteen Heavens had already crossed through the Color Realm and arrived at the Desire Realm after participating in the Chaotic Origin Great World. Those who remained behind were the weaker Sun Souls who could not obtain the entrance ticket.
After sensing the powerful Sun Soul of Evil Deities, they made a hand gesture to each other. One of them walked to the front of Evil Deities and said: "This friend from the Human Race, we have just obtained the secret key to the Heavenly Spring Divine Temple. Are you willing to explore with us?"
Evil Deities coldly glanced at them. He had only disappeared for a few months and these fellows in the Color Realm seemed to have forgotten about him?
"Scram." Evil Deities coldly said.
It was not easy for him to enter the Paramita Realm. He had more important things to do.
Otherwise, he would have devoured all these living beings.
Who knew that these few living beings did not leave. Instead, the leading living being suddenly took out a handful of Soul Breaking Sand and scattered it on Evil Deities.
The green sand stained the body of Evil Deities. Evil Deities could not escape from the Paramita Realm.
"Hehehe, brothers, let's attack together! This fella's Sun Soul is very strong. He is a big fish! "That living being said.
"Sou!"
A rope wrapped around Evil Deities, firmly binding the Sun Soul of Evil Deities.
Evil Deities' expression didn't change at all. He asked coldly, "What is the meaning of this?"
The leader was overjoyed when he saw how easy it was to catch a big fish. He walked over and said, "With such a powerful Sun Soul, you can refine quite a few Soul Crystals!"
"Refining Soul Crystals?" Evil Deities narrowed their eyes.
According to what the Evil Deities knew, Soul Crystals could not be refined because the memories in the Yang Soul were very difficult to erase. They could only be refined over a long period of time to form a pure Soul Crystal.
He didn't know what these small clans were up to, but they claimed that they could refine soul crystals …
"Yes, you don't have to think too much about it." The creature chuckled. "Everyone, let's carry him back!"
After saying that, these creatures rushed forward and reached out their hands, carrying the Evil Deities on their heads.
Just as they were about to set off, these creatures suddenly felt a sharp pain in their arms. It was as if they had been splashed with sulfuric acid. Their arms were instantly corroded!
Under the stimulation of the intense pain, these creatures subconsciously wanted to throw the Evil Deities down. However, their hands had already melted into the Evil Deities' body. They couldn't throw them away!
"Hua!"
The Evil Deities' body swallowed their arms from top to bottom. They quickly absorbed their heads into their bodies, then their bodies, their legs, their feet …
In just a few breaths' time, the creatures carrying the Evil Deities were completely swallowed up.
Only the outermost creature still had half of his body left. However, he clearly couldn't pull himself out of the Evil Deities' Sun Soul. That creature stammered, "You, you are the legendary Soul Sucking Demon …"
"Congratulations, you got it right." The Evil Deities struggled slightly, and the ropes binding him broke inch by inch. Then, he reached out and grabbed the creature's half of his body. In the blink of an eye, he had completely absorbed it.
In the Mother World, Luo Zheng controlled his every move. The Evil Deities had no chance. They had no choice but to obey.
However, it was different in the Nirvana World. As long as Luo Zheng didn't put the Evil Deities back into his Inner World, he wouldn't be able to access his memories of the Nirvana World!
The Nirvana World could be said to be the Evil Deities' only chance.
After the Evil Deities identified the direction, they ran wildly.
To the west of the Thirteenth Heaven, there were many strongholds of large and small clans. They were densely packed.
The Evil Deities concealed his presence and shuttled through these strongholds. Soon, he found a low building.
At the entrance of this building, there were two humanoid creatures standing guard.
"Who are you?"
One of the humanoid creatures scolded sternly when he saw the Evil Deities.
"The Ship Travels Without Boundaries." The Evil Deities replied.
When the two humanoid creatures heard this Dark Domain, their hearts trembled. They immediately retreated.
Within that low building, there were several people standing guard.
These were the strongest living beings of the 'Black Mountain Sect'. They were considered talented disciples even among the superpowers.
Of course, these living beings were not qualified to join the Black Ship. In reality, those who could be chosen by the Black Ship were one in ten thousand existences.
"Let's see who is here?"
"Tsk tsk tsk, I've heard that you were taken in by your master in the Chaotic Origin Great World?"
"Even the invincible Evil Deities have a hard bone to chew. Hahaha …"
Those few living beings sneered.
These living beings had suffered at the hands of the Evil Deities in the Black Mountain Sect. Two of them had even nearly died in the hands of the Evil Deities. But they did not feel any true resentment in their hearts. The infamous Black Mountain Sect had always been this cruel.
"Cut the crap. Are you able to contact the Black Ship?" The Evil Deities asked.
One of the tall and sturdy living beings shook his head, "When you were in the Black Mountain Sect, the Black Ship came more frequently. Previously, after you went to the Chaotic Origin Great World, the Black Ship did not descend even once."
Unquestionably, these living beings were extremely jealous of the Evil Deities.
"I remember that there is a communication array in the Black Mountain Sect. When the Black Mountain Sect is facing a calamity, it can summon the Black Ship." The Evil Deities said.
"You also know that it is when there is a calamity." The tall and sturdy living being said.
"I am currently facing a calamity." The Evil Deities said solemnly.
"You represent the Black Mountain Sect?" The tall and sturdy living being chuckled.
The Evil Deities stood stiffly on the spot for several breaths of time. It was not realistic to expect these living beings to help him. It was already good enough if they did not hit him when he was down.
After pondering for a moment, the Evil Deities said: "Ten Finger Soul Crystal. Whoever helps me contact the Black Ship will be rewarded!"
The Evil Deities did not need the Soul Crystal. He only needed to devour the Sun Souls.
But these Sun Souls in front of him were extremely thirsty for the Soul Crystal.
Hearing the price offered by the Evil Deities, the eyes of the few living beings brightened. That tall and sturdy living being realized that he could not miss this opportunity. He was the first to agree, "Ten Finger Soul Crystal. Alright, I will help you contact the Black Ship now!"
"I don't need ten fingers. Nine fingers will do …"
"Give me six fingers! I will go and activate the communication array! "
The word 'unity' did not exist in the dictionary of the living beings of the Black Mountain Sect. Activating the communication array was not a difficult matter. The other living beings immediately chose to compete with that tall and sturdy living being.
The Evil Deities ignored them. He said to that tall and sturdy living being: "You go and activate the communication array. I will go and search for the Soul Crystal."
After saying that, he drilled out of this stronghold.

Chapter 3240
In the Spiritwind Province.
A large black ship streaked across the sky in the blink of an eye.
Following behind the black ship were two gigantic golden Buddha statues. And these two golden Buddha statues were actually carried on the shoulders of a bald giant that was over 10,000 feet tall!
The bald giant's eyes glowed with green light, and a string of huge Buddha beads hung in front of his chest. His upper body was naked, and his muscles bulged like mountains.
"Since you've met me, don't even think about running away! Hand over those things, and I'll let bygones be bygones! "
The bald giant roared.
The voice came out of his mouth, forming a powerful sonic boom.
It just so happened that below the bald giant was a medium-sized country, where several kinds of creatures lived. Most of them were mortals, and their lifespans were no more than a hundred years.
When the sonic boom bloomed from the sky, it was like the end of the world for these ordinary creatures.
Many of them didn't even have the chance to react before they were turned into blood mist and disappeared into thin air.
All the tall buildings, walls, and streets in the country were turned into dust and turned into a desert.
There were many mortals in the mother world, and they lived like ants. It was common for them to die in an instant in a battle between powerful beings.
The thing the bald giant was referring to was the Ring of Descent that the black ship took from Lei Meng.
Since the black ship took the Ring of Descent, Shennong and the You Xiong clan had joined forces to besiege the black ship in the mother world many times.
However, the black ship came and went without a trace. So far, they hadn't been able to destroy a single ship, nor capture a single crew member.
A small sampan was hanging from the stern of the black ship. The sampan was hung with two golden locks. When the black ship moved forward at high speed, the sampan was like a swing in the air.
The one sitting on this constantly swaying sampan was none other than Shen Tu.
After hearing the bald giant's roar, she smiled faintly and said, "What is Senior Fa talking about? I'm afraid this little girl doesn't understand."
Her voice wasn't as explosive as Senior Fa's, but it spread far and wide. Almost half of the creatures in the Spiritwind Province heard this sentence.
Those creatures looked around, trying to find the source of the voice, but where could they find it?
"You refuse a toast only to drink a forfeit!"
A murderous look flashed across Lord Fa's face. His shoulders shook, and the two Buddha statues on his shoulders flew into the air.
"Ten million evil karma!"
Lord Fa's hands chopped towards the black ship, and the two Buddha statues did the same.
In an instant, countless huge palm prints swept across the sky. There seemed to be tens of millions of them.
These palm prints were chaotic at first, but in the midst of the chaos, they completely overlapped, forming a solid and incomparably powerful palm print.
Looking at the palm print that seemed slow but was actually fast, it slapped down towards the black ship.
Shen Tu's pale face suddenly became excited, as if she wanted to verify something.
"Hahaha …"
The palm print covered with a terrifying pressure descended, and the seemingly old black ship actually made creaking sounds, as if it was about to disintegrate at any moment.
But when the palm print approached the black ship, a circle of silver light suddenly appeared on the surface of the black ship. After the palm print covered the silver light, a palm print sank into the light.
With a smile on his face, Shen Tu flicked his finger, pointed at Fa Daren, and said softly, "Ha!"
"Ha!"
Fa Daren's broad chest suddenly caved in, and a huge palm print appeared immediately.
He had just slapped out such a terrifying palm print, and it had hit him directly.
Caught off guard, Fa Daren was slapped down from the sky by himself and fell down.
"Honglong …"
His huge body smashed into the ground, creating a huge crater hundreds of thousands of feet wide. Thousands of giant mountains in the surrounding area collapsed one by one, and countless creatures living in this area were killed or injured.
Fa Daren's bronze-colored body was extremely tough. Even if he was hit by this palm, his aura only stagnated for a moment. His huge fist slammed into the ground, and his whole body bounced into the air again.
However, as he looked around, his surroundings were already empty. Where was the figure of the black ship?
…
Shen Tu got up from the small sampan and walked towards the cabin.
Inside the cabin, the 'bamboo pole' complained, "Since we got the Ring of Descent, we haven't stopped. Every few days, we're being hunted down!"
A silver sphere floated above Bamboo Pole's head. This was the latest Paramita Token the black ship obtained, the 'Inch Strike Stone'.
Even though this was the first time he used it, the effect it displayed was outstanding. Shen Tu was very satisfied with it.
"It's not like we haven't experienced such a life before." Shen Tu consoled.
"But we can't use that Ring of Descent! The three Void Devourers who descended have all died. This plaything is flawed. "Bamboo Pole said with dissatisfaction.
"The problem lies with those Golden Chaotic Origin Spirits. Of all things, they were taken away by that brat." Shen Tu sighed.
The black ship had naturally investigated Luo Zheng's identity. Shen Tu even suggested to the captain to go to the Great Yi Heavenly Palace and kidnap Luo Zheng.
But on one hand, entering the lair of the Great Yi Heavenly Palace to kidnap someone wasn't a simple matter. On the other hand, the captain seemed to be afraid of some other things. They could only wait …
But in the process of waiting, they were being chased all the way. Bamboo Pole naturally felt unhappy.
Just as Shen Tu was consoling Bamboo Pole, an inconspicuous communication talisman lit up.
Shen Tu glanced at that communication talisman before revealing a strange expression, "The communication array of the Black Mountain Sect has been activated. Is someone planning to act against the Black Mountain Sect?"
"Who cares if they die?" Bamboo Pole said with dissatisfaction.
The Black Mountain Sect and the black ship did not have a direct relationship. The black ship did not have a need to protect the Black Mountain Sect.
Shen Tu's eyes blinked twice. The figure of the Evil Deities appeared in her mind.
Driven by her intuition, she returned to her room and took out a small bottle. Inside the bottle, there was still a vague figure of the Evil Deities.
Ever since the Evil Deities were absorbed into Luo Zheng's inner world, this figure had not moved for many days. This only proved that the Evil Deities were still alive. But she could not see the current state of the Evil Deities.
Even though Shen Tu had chosen to give up, she would still take out this bottle from time to time to take a look.
"Yi?"
Shen Tu's eyes were filled with bewilderment. The vague figure of the Evil Deities was sitting cross-legged in the bottle. It seemed to be cultivating.
Had he regained his freedom?
No …
Shen Tu immediately rejected this conjecture. If the Evil Deities had regained their freedom, they would have found a way to contact her.
Had he regained his freedom but was controlled by Luo Zheng?
That should be the case …

Chapter 3241
The Fourteenth Layer of Heaven.
In the inner hall of the City Guard Mansion, there was a row of transparent jars, each filled with spirit crystals.
Luo Zheng sat in the form of a Sun Soul, continuously absorbing the spirit crystals.
The Fourteenth Layer of Heaven had completely stabilized.
The two big cities were in the hands of the Weasel Tribe and the Giant Tribe, and these two tribes were completely subservient to Luo Zheng.
It could be said that Luo Zheng did nothing, and the resources of the entire Fourteenth Layer of Heaven would be sent to him.
But Luo Zheng couldn't stay in the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven forever. He needed to climb to a higher level, and strengthening his Sun Soul naturally became an inevitable choice.
Traces of spirit crystals were absorbed by Luo Zheng's soul, and these spirit crystals directly became a part of Luo Zheng's soul. After Luo Zheng's Sun Soul entered the indigo state, it looked deep purple from afar.
As Luo Zheng absorbed more and more spirit crystals, the purple light on the surface of his Sun Soul became more and more intense.
After the row of spirit crystals in the transparent jars were completely absorbed, Luo Zheng got up and asked a Giant to send in another spirit crystal.
Several Giants carried the jars into the inner hall, neatly placed them there, and then respectfully retreated.
Luo Zheng reached out and pointed, and the spirit crystals in the jars turned into a thin line again, and continuously merged into his body.
After Luo Zheng absorbed three jars, he suddenly felt a sense of rejection. The purple light on the surface of his body seemed to have flashed to the extreme, and the purple light was in a saturated state.
Luo Zheng frowned and tried to continue absorbing spirit crystals, but a sense of rejection rose from the bottom of his heart.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng asked.
Spirit crystals only needed to be continuously absorbed, and as long as enough spirit crystals were obtained, the cultivation of the soul could be rapidly improved.
In the First Layer of Heaven, Luo Zheng had seen spirit crystals for the first time, Ling Shuang had told him so.
But now he couldn't absorb them?
While Luo Zheng was still puzzled, 9527's voice came out, "Your soul has been cultivated to the level of Indigo Soul, and naturally can't be improved."
"Indigo Soul?"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and looked at the purple brilliance on the surface of his palm.
"Yes, the Spirit Crystal does not increase your Sun Soul indefinitely. After absorbing it to a certain extent, it will reach its limit. This limit is called the Indigo Soul Limit," 9527 explained.
Luo Zheng pondered for a moment and asked, "If the Sun Soul is cultivated to the limit here, then wouldn't the souls of Donghuang, Senior Qiu, and Concubine Yan all be at the extreme Indigo Soul?"
Luo Zheng couldn't believe what 9527 said.
Whether it was facing Phoenix or Qiu Yinhe, Luo Zheng felt a lot of pressure. The aura emitted by their souls was much stronger than his, and this couldn't be faked. "In theory, that is true," 9527 replied. It naturally understood Luo Zheng's doubts, and then said, "But after reaching the Indigo Soul Realm, there are other ways to strengthen yourself. When you reach the 29th level of Chang Rong Heaven, you have to enter the Soul City, transform into a soul body, and become a colorless consciousness.
My body has reached a new level. "
"Colorless consciousness?" Luo Zheng heard of it for the first time.
"Yes," 9527 nodded and said, "At that level, you have already broken away from the ordinary level of the soul. The colorless consciousness is much stronger than the soul, and at this level, it is enough to fight against the physical body."
The Sun Soul had always been very oppressed in the Nirvana Realm. No matter which level, any Nirvana Realm creature could do anything to it, and it was almost impossible to resist.
But after reaching the 29th level of Chang Rong Heaven and becoming a colorless consciousness, the situation changed.
Although the physical body was still strong, the soul had transformed into a new form, and it was not without the power to fight back. Some of the more outstanding existences even had the power to kill the Nirvana Realm creatures. "Also, to correct one of your thoughts," 9527 continued, "Concubine Yan, Phoenix, and Qiu Yinhe have all entered the Soul City and cultivated the colorless consciousness. But Donghuang is different. He has entered the 33rd level of Sanqing Heaven, and his soul level is different.
At the same time, his colorless consciousness is stronger. "
"There is another level in the colorless consciousness?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a touch of surprise.
"There is more than one level," 9527 said with a faint smile.
"From what you said, there are many more levels?" Luo Zheng was surprised. "Hey, the 33rd level of Sanqing Heaven is the core of the Nirvana Realm. Every time you walk a level, you will have your own opportunities. Whether it is the physical body or the soul, they will be tortured and become stronger. Those who step into it all have the ability to transcend the world.
No one has entered into Sanqing Heaven, but there is no answer to what level the soul can cultivate and how strong the physical body can be in Sanqing Heaven. You can ask the Spirit of Green Jade, "9527 said.
"Brother 9527 has already explained it in detail," the voice of the Spirit of Green Jade rang out, "Brother 9527 should have entered Sanqing Heaven before."
9527 hesitated for a moment, and then said, "I don't have any memories of Sanqing Heaven, but as far as I know, I should have been to Taiqing Realm."
The 33rd level of Sanqing Heaven was divided into three realms. The outermost realm was Taiqing Realm, the inner realm was Qing Realm, and the innermost realm was Yuqing Realm. The Spirit of Green Jade suddenly sighed faintly. This conversation seemed to evoke an ancient memory. It said, "Back then, we went into Sanqing Heaven hand in hand with Yi King, but we were within three million miles of Taiqing Realm. It is said that we could see the edge of Qing Realm a million miles ahead.
But in the end, we didn't have the fortune to step in … "
"Sanqing Heaven is so dangerous? Can't even go through with the physical body? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Physical body?" The Spirit of Green Jade shook its head and smiled, "In Qing Yuming's era, the Nirvana Realm didn't prohibit the True Meaning of Holy Body. Yi King's physical body was so strong at that time, hehe … he still couldn't move an inch in Sanqing Heaven!"
All the creatures in Qing Yuming had extremely strong physical bodies, not to mention Yi King.
"As far as I know, before our era, no one could enter Qing Realm, let alone the core Yuqing Realm," the Spirit of Green Jade continued.
In other words, Lun Ming had been wandering in the Nirvana Realm for so many chaos eras, but he had only been wandering around the periphery of Sanqing Heaven.
After hearing the Spirit of Green Jade, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed. Obviously, he was interested in the highest level of the Nirvana Realm.
Since he had swallowed enough soul crystals and reached the extreme of Indigo Soul, it was indeed time to attack a higher level.

Chapter 3242
After making his decision, Luo Zheng once again ordered his subordinates to take away the soul crystals.
A portion of the collected soul crystals were distributed to the disciples on the First Floor of Sword Grief. Even the number one Chun Hao received some. Almost all the disciples on the First Floor had returned to the Fourteenth Heaven.
But Luo Zheng kept a considerable amount of soul crystals for himself. Luo Zheng gave these soul crystals to Luo Yan, Ling Shuang, and Feng Ge. Next, he gave them to the few people from the Nine Li Tribe.
After the soul crystals were taken away, the giants placed stacks of Cutting Body Astral Jades over. And Luo Zheng took this opportunity to leave the Paramita before entering it with his fleshy body.
Pieces of Cutting Body Astral Jades were crushed, absorbed, and refined by Luo Zheng.
Currently, Luo Zheng's fleshy body was divided into several parts. Firstly, it was the strength of his fleshy body. Before reaching the Chaotic Origin Realm, Luo Zheng's fleshy body could be said to be the strongest.
Secondly, it was the Spirit of Chaotic Origin.
Through the True Meaning of Dao born from the Body of Weapon, it allowed Luo Zheng's Spirit of Chaotic Origin to grow rapidly. Currently, Luo Zheng was about to reach the Late Stage Chaotic Origin Realm. The limits of his fleshy body had reached a whole new level!
Thirdly, his fleshy body was reconstructed by the Ancient God, causing his body structure to change. And those bone pieces could greatly strengthen his fleshy body. It was considered another form of improvement. Finally, it was the Sealing Stone Solution. It's a pity that the Sealing Stone Solution was too rare. Luo Zheng had already asked the Eared Mouse Clan to help Luo Zheng search for it. As long as they could find a supreme treasure made from the Sealing Stone Solution, they would help Luo Zheng purchase it regardless of the price. This method of strengthening the fleshy body.
The method was similarly different.
In reality, other than the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, Luo Zheng had rarely seen other methods of strengthening his body.
Hence, using the Cutting Body Astral Jades to strengthen his body should be the most normal method. It's just that currently, only Luo Zheng and Feng Ge could use it.
After absorbing several pieces of Cutting Body Astral Jades, Luo Zheng placed one in his hand. He then asked: "The Sun Soul has the limit of Indigo Soul. Don't tell me the fleshy body has the same limit …"
9527 was silent for a moment, then laughed heartily, "Physical body, hehehehe, of course I have it..."
When the Aragami entered the Nirvana Realm, it would absorb the Body Qi Jade and become stronger. In ancient times, it was known as the Valve Body Realm, which corresponded to the Yang Soul entering Indigo. But after the True Meaning of Strength Crusade Sacred Body was banned, no one could cultivate this Dao anymore. Even the number of living beings who knew about the 'Valve Body Realm' decreased. In the end, it was replaced by the 'Chaotic Origin Realm'. Because the Chaotic Origin Realm was theoretically a way to strengthen oneself.
It was a realm.
However, the laws of the entire Primal Chaos were as such, and there was nothing they could do.
"Don't tell me there's a place like the Soul City in the Nirvana Stratum where we need to strengthen our bodies?" Luo Zheng guessed again.
"You guessed it right again. However, the strengthening of the body is not in the 29th layer of heaven, but in the 30th layer of Yu Sheng-tian. It is called the Land of Retribution," 9527 replied.
"The Land of Bones of Tribulation …" Luo Zheng remembered this name.
No matter what, Luo Zheng would touch on these places sooner or later. Currently, Luo Zheng had to strengthen his fleshy body first.
Pieces of Cutting Body Astral Jades were sent in, and Luo Zheng accepted them all.
The giants who were in charge of using the Body Piercing Jade also revealed envious expressions.
Regardless of whether it was the Soul Crystal or the Cutting Body Astral Jades, they were good things to the Nirvana Stratum beings. But there was a limit to how much they could strengthen themselves.
Restricted by this layer of heaven, they could not grow any further after reaching a certain stage.
The Cutting Body Astral Jades Luo Zheng absorbed were enough to strengthen a hundred giants. And seeing how Luo Zheng did not stop, no one knew how much he would absorb.
"Again!"
After Luo Zheng finished absorbing the Cutting Body Astral Jades in the inner hall, he ordered the giants.
He could feel that he had absorbed quite a lot of Cutting Body Astral Jades, but his fleshy body did not seem to have reached its limit.
One of the giants saluted Luo Zheng respectfully and said, "Lord City Guard, there are not many Cutting Body Astral Jades left in Wanling City …"
"No more?" Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of disappointment.
"Our Giant Tribe and the Luring Weasel Tribe still have some left. If Lord City Guard needs them, I will go to the Blood Roar Tribe Leader …" the giant said again.
The Giant Tribe was able to turn the tables in Wanling City because of Luo Zheng. These giants were cruel, but they were also very honest and loyal. They could give everything to Luo Zheng without holding back.
"No need." Luo Zheng shook his head. He knew that the Giant Tribe would take out all the Cutting Body Astral Jades, but he did not need to do so. "What about Tianshui City?"
"A batch of Cutting Body Astral Jades from Tianshui City has been sent here. Lord City Guard and Lord Feng Ge have refined them. It is estimated that it will be difficult to …" the giant replied.
Compared to the crystallization of souls, Cutting Body Astral Jades were more popular. After all, ordinary Nirvana Realm creatures would not climb to a higher level. They needed Cutting Body Astral Jades to strengthen themselves, so there were not many left.
"I understand." Luo Zheng nodded.
After he got up, he went to another inner hall.
In this inner hall, Feng Ge was also absorbing Cutting Body Astral Jades.
After Feng Ge absorbed Cutting Body Astral Jades, he could only strengthen the fleshy body of the Pure One in the Nirvana Realm. Feng Ge in the mother world could not benefit, but it was also beneficial to improve the fleshy body of the Pure One. Feng Ge would not slack off.
She noticed Luo Zheng coming in and crushing a piece of Cutting Body Astral Jade. After absorbing it, she smiled and said, "Luo Zheng, the Cutting Body Astral Jades you asked me to refine are all gone!"
Feng Ge felt that the fleshy body of the Pure One had become stronger. She also hoped to refine more Cutting Body Astral Jades.
After Luo Zheng rejected her in Taiyi Heaven Palace, Feng Ge's mind was calm. After all, she knew Luo Zheng's thoughts and understood that this matter could not be rushed. In turn, Feng Ge comforted her father …
"We have refined all the Cutting Body Astral Jades in the Fourteenth Heaven. If we want to collect more Cutting Body Astral Jades, I'm afraid we have to ascend to a higher level," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Then we have to leave the Fourteenth Heaven?" Feng Ge's eyes flashed.
It was unrealistic to stay in the Fourteenth Heaven. She hoped to go to a higher level with Luo Zheng.
"Before we leave, there are two more things," Luo Zheng said again.
The Blackfly Bug seemed to have a strong attraction to the Pure One. Luo Zheng judged that swallowing the Blackfly Bug was originally a means to enhance the ability of the Pure One.
Therefore, during this period, Luo Zheng also ordered the Weasel Tribe to go to the Dark Domain and communicate with the One-Eyed Tribe in the Dark Domain, hoping that they could catch more Blackfly Bugs.
As for how to elegantly swallow these bloody Blackfly Bugs, it was not a big problem. The attraction of the Blackfly Bug came from the essence and blood in its body. After the bug's body was peeled off, the essence and blood were absorbed.

Chapter 3243
After taking out the black box, Luo Zheng began to deal with the pile of bloody Shadowfly Bugs.
The characteristics of these Shadowfly Bugs were similar to what Luo Zheng had guessed. Their blood exuded a strong attraction to living creatures.
So when he first saw the Shadowfly Bugs, the strange feeling not only happened to Feng Ge, but also to Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng restrained himself and eliminated this feeling. But Feng Ge, as a Pure One, could not give up the desire of his body.
Now that Luo Zheng had killed the Lord of Heaven and become a Pure One, he could understand Feng Ge's inner impulse. After opening the black box, Luo Zheng's mouth was full of saliva and he tried to swallow the pile of bloody flesh. It was very difficult for him to restrain himself with his willpower.
。
"Since it's because of the blood, the body can be dealt with …"
He squeezed out all the blood of the Shadowfly Bugs and then took out the broken bug corpse from the black box. There was only one result for the bug corpse that came to the Light Field, which was to be completely swallowed by the Light Field.
As for the blood in the black box, Luo Zheng tried to take a sip. Except for a strange taste, he did not feel much.
After confirming that there was no harm, Luo Zheng also let Feng Ge taste a few mouthfuls. She smiled and said, "I almost ate this disgusting bug in the Dark Field. I didn't expect to drink its blood again …"
After Luo Zheng and Feng Ge divided the blood of the Shadowfly Bugs, he tried to release the Infinite Light and let Feng Ge try it.
Feng Ge waved her hand and a blazing white light was released from her body. For a time, the whole inner hall was filled with white light.
"How do you feel?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Maybe it's grown a little …" Feng Ge said with uncertainty.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "I can't feel it either, but it should have a little effect. But these insects aren't very precious. If you want to grow, you'll have to swallow a lot of insects."
The Heaven Lord of the Fourteenth Heaven had stayed in the Hidden Domain for so many years and had devoured a considerable number of Darkflybugs, but he had not grown to the point where he could not match him. This meant that devouring one or two Darkflybugs would not have much of an effect.
Feng Ge stuck out her tongue. Although the Darkblight Bugs were very attractive, she still felt a sense of disgust when she thought about swallowing a lot of bugs and drinking their blood.
The Luring Weasel Tribe had already arranged the Nirvana Realm tokens they had collected during this period of time.
There were quite a lot of Nirvana Realm tokens in this batch. There were more than 600 of them, and some of them were treasured weapons of the Giant Tribe and the Weasel Tribe.
Of course, Luo Zheng would not keep these Nirvana tokens for himself. After he and Feng Ge were done choosing, they would let Luo Yan and the disciples of the Li Clan continue to choose. Then, it would be the turn of the people in the Land of Sword Grief.
Beside the Nirvana Realm tokens, there were two Ear Mice on standby.
In the eyes of the Luring Weasel Tribe, these Nirvana Realm tokens were some of the more powerful weapons, ores that contained energy, instruments, and so on. They were difficult to categorize, and it was difficult to distinguish between good and bad.
The Ear Mice were geniuses who were good at trading. They were also good at identifying Nirvana Realm tokens.
Although the Nirvana Realm tokens on the table in front of them were rare, a considerable number of them had probably passed through their hands.
"Squeak, Lord Tianxing, there's only one Nirvana Realm token on the table. Lord Tianxing, please take a look," after the Ear Mouse saw Luo Zheng, it directed Luo Zheng's gaze to the back of the table.
Luo Zheng looked over and saw a golden bird statue.
From its appearance, there was nothing special about the bird statue. But since it was called a Nirvana Realm token, it was probably not as simple as it looked.
"This Nirvana Realm token is called the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow," the Ear Mouse introduced, "In the entire history of the Mother World, it has only appeared once."
Feng Ge stood beside Luo Zheng and looked at the statue with interest. He asked, "What ability does this Nirvana Realm token have?"
"After this Nirvana Realm token has been integrated, it cannot be activated. It cannot be used normally either. It can only be activated after death," the Ear Mouse answered.
"After death?" Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
Luo Zheng had seen similar abilities before. Some of the Hermit's supernatural powers could only be activated after death. But what was the use of activating it when the person was already dead?
Feng Ge shrugged. It could only be activated after death. No matter how powerful this Nirvana Realm token was, it did not have much meaning.
The Ear Mouse noticed Feng Ge's expression and added, "Don't underestimate the ability of the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow. After death, it will enter a state of anger after being activated. It will kill and devour the person who killed you. It is extremely powerful!"
"So what? At most, this thing can only exchange a life for a life, right?" Feng Ge said.
"After devouring the opponent, it will give birth to the owner in the body again. After being reborn, everything will be as good as new," the Ear Mouse added.
Hearing the Ear Mouse's words, Luo Zheng's eyes showed a hint of shock. "It can revive the body? Even if it is reduced to pieces? "
"Yes. Not to mention the body being reduced to pieces, even the treasures, weapons, and Sumeru Ring that came with the body can be restored after being reduced to pieces. So strictly speaking, the ability of the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow is not resurrection, but complete recovery!" the Ear Mouse said.
The ability of the Nirvana Realm token was originally extremely powerful.
For example, the Golden Abacus of Martyrdom. Not to mention the "Mountain" whose cultivation base was still low, even if it encountered the strongest in the Mother World, the Golden Abacus of Martyrdom could still seal the Nirvana Realm token no matter how powerful it was.
These unique abilities were often unreasonable.
"If I fuse with this Nirvana Realm token, won't I become immortal?" Feng Ge asked. Obviously, he was interested in this Nirvana Realm token.
"Of course not. Squeak squeak. Every time I die, the eye on the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow will be blinded once. After three times, this Nirvana Realm token will be completely destroyed and can no longer be used," the Ear Mouse said. "But even so, this Nirvana Realm token is very powerful.
However, there are no weak Nirvana Realm tokens. "
"If it can restore the body infinitely, I'm afraid it has completely surpassed the level of Nirvana Realm, right?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Even the Accomplice's Heart, which was a powerful Nirvana Realm token, had a great limitation. One had to sacrifice one's life, and it was a one-time use.
After fusing with the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow, it would become immortal and could even devour the opponent. It was so powerful that Luo Zheng found it hard to believe.

Chapter 3244
Even though the Ear Mouse had filled in the flaws of this Nirvana Realm Token, it was still undeniable that this was a very powerful Nirvana Realm Token.
In fact, this Nirvana Realm Token was the treasure of the Star Falcon Clan. It could be activated in the Nirvana Realm and turned into a powerful Three-Eyed Dragon Sparrow.
The Ear Mice had been eyeing this Nirvana Realm Token for a long time, but no matter how much the Ear Mouse wanted to pay, the Star Falcon Clan would never sell it.
Now that the Star Falcon Clan had been exterminated, this treasure fell into the hands of Luo Zheng.
This Nirvana Realm Token was indeed powerful, but it was not what Luo Zheng wanted.
He saw that Feng Ge was interested and immediately asked, "What True Meaning of Tao is needed to integrate this Nirvana Realm Token?"
If the True Meaning of Sword Fate and Eternity did not match, Feng Ge might not be able to integrate it.
"The True Meaning of Tao," the Ear Mouse replied.
Luo Zheng's gaze fell on Feng Ge's face. Just as he was about to speak, Feng Ge said, "I have already cultivated the True Meaning of Tao …"
Feng Ge's talent was also very strong. Concubine Yan had also said that her compatibility with the True Meaning of Tao was also very high. It was just that Feng Ge's cultivation was limited in the beginning.
As Feng Ge went deeper and deeper in the Nirvana Realm, these restrictions naturally did not exist.
"That's excellent. This Nirvana Realm Token will be integrated by you, Feng Ge," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Feng Ge did not refuse in front of Luo Zheng and naturally accepted this Nirvana Realm Token.
Then Luo Zheng's gaze swept across the table.
The two Ear Mice were very considerate and answered Luo Zheng's questions one by one. Even Luo Zheng was very surprised by their deep understanding of the Nirvana Realm Token.
After some understanding, there was no Nirvana Realm Token that was suitable for Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng had his eyes on a long sword by the table.
This longsword was forged by the He Luo Clan. There were layers of cloud patterns on the sword, and there were gaps between the cloud patterns. The structure of the sword was very complicated and exquisite.
"This is the Heluo Clan's unique Bone Tooth Sword. If it were to be evaluated as a Nirvana Token, it would be considered as the top grade of the Fourteenth Heaven," the Ear Rat introduced.
"I want this long sword," Luo Zheng said.
"Fuse this sword into the Nirvana Token?" Ear Mouse asked.
It was not impossible to use the Nirvana token as a weapon, but Luo Zheng clearly had a better choice.
"Of course not." Luo Zheng shook his head. "This sword can be my sword in the Nirvana Realm."
After entering the Nirvana Realm for so long, Luo Zheng had always been fighting with his bare hands. He lacked a suitable long sword, so the bone-toothed sword was a good choice.
After selecting the Nirvana token, it was time to consider the matter of heading to the higher heavens.
If the One-eyed Clan caught any Dark Winged Insects in the Dark Domain, they would let the Insect Master Clan keep them safe. It wouldn't be too late to retrieve them the next time they returned to the 14th Heaven.
Feng Ge was very determined to follow Luo Zheng to the higher heavens.
At the gate of Wanling City, Blood Roar and Chidian personally sent them off. Once Luo Zheng left, the entire 14th Heaven would be handed over to these two clans to manage.
Before leaving, Luo Zheng frowned and immediately asked, "Has Lingshuang entered Wanling City?"
"Not recently," a Weasel Clan member replied.
Luo Zheng looked at Feng Ge and said, "Should I go to Mount Taiyi to see her?"
After returning to the Land of Sword Grief, Chou Xue informed Luo Zheng of the situation at Mount Taiyi. He was also very concerned.
"Mount Taiyi is now as busy as a pot of porridge. If you go there, you will only add to the chaos. Moreover, there are many strong people in Mount Taiyi. Can't you even take care of Lingshuang?" Feng Ge asked.
Hearing Feng Ge's words, Luo Zheng nodded subconsciously.
Then Luo Zheng made some arrangements with Chidian. No matter what the resources were, everything would be distributed according to Chou Xue's request. However, after Lingshuang entered the Nirvana Realm, all resources would be given to her first, including Luo Zheng's own share. Lingshuang could also use it directly.
In addition, Luo Zheng also left a separate resource for the Evil Deities.
After the Evil Deities entered the secret cultivation room, Luo Zheng did not disturb them. It was unknown if the Evil Deities would cross the Color Realm and enter the Desire Realm in a short period of time.
In the outside world, the Evil Deities had become Luo Zheng's Tao Refinement Avatar. Luo Zheng could interfere at any time. However, it was different in the Nirvana Realm. Luo Zheng could not control the movements of the Evil Deities and could only let them roam freely.
In the Color Realm, each layer of heaven was connected by a star ring. Even each clan had an independent star ring. The situation in the Desire Realm was similar.
In the north of the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven, the star rings were neatly arranged.
Although the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven had always been the home ground of the "Jinwu", the former Star Falcon Clan had not been able to occupy the Wanling City. Therefore, the Star Falcon Clan could not control the star rings and collect the Soul Elixir like the Liyuan Clan in the Eleventh Layer of Heaven.
As he walked towards the star rings, Luo Zheng stopped.
"What's wrong?" Feng Ge turned around and asked.
"There is a more serious problem," Luo Zheng said with a smile, "I don't know if we can pass through smoothly."
As a Pure Witch, Feng Ge encountered big trouble when he crossed the energy vortex connecting the Color Realm and the Desire Realm, causing Luo Zheng to almost die. Although it was a blessing in disguise, Luo Zheng did not want such a danger to happen again.
In theory, Pure Witches could not pass through the next layer of heaven. Otherwise, how could they be called the Lord of the First Layer of Heaven?
"We'll know when we try!"
Feng Ge did not think much about it, but he seemed quite confident.
In fact, she was also a smart and wise woman. In the past, she would not have been so reckless, but since she had experienced Luo Zheng several times, she found that Luo Zheng always had the means to turn something rotten into something magical.
Now, no matter what happened, she had a mysterious confidence in Luo Zheng. It seemed that Luo Zheng could solve any problem easily.
"We can only try. I'll go in first," Luo Zheng nodded.
To be on the safe side, he stepped into the star ring first.
As the star ring bloomed with a trace of white light, Luo Zheng felt as if his body was being crushed.
"Whoosh!"
Feng Ge, who was outside, saw the star ring shoot out a white light and shoot upward.
The corners of her mouth curled up, and she said with a smile, "Isn't everything fine?"
After Luo Zheng went up, she also stepped into the star ring and flew toward the Fifteenth Layer of Heaven.
The situation that Luo Zheng was worried about did not happen. Both he and Feng Ge reached the Fifteenth Layer of Heaven very smoothly. Perhaps because they were not from the Nirvana Realm, the rule that limited the Lord of Heaven to a certain layer of heaven did not take effect.
Although Luo Zheng was worried for nothing, it was a good thing anyway.
After Luo Zheng left the star gate, a dark world came into his eyes. When he found that he was surrounded by dark zones in all directions, his face was full of surprise.
"The Fifteenth Layer of Heaven … are all dark zones?" Luo Zheng asked with a strange face.
"I've long heard that the Fifteenth Layer of Heaven Xuan Qing was almost completely devoured by the dark zones, leaving only the central area. I didn't expect the dark zones to still be expanding. It seems that even the central area will be devoured." Feng Ge's voice sounded behind Luo Zheng.

Chapter 3245
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge had the ability to explore the dark region.
However, Luo Zheng was concerned about the Nirvana Key in the Seventeenth Heaven. He did not want to stay in the Fifteenth Heaven for too long, so he chose to continue upwards.
The two of them flew upwards again.
Luo Zheng did not stay in the Sixteenth Heaven for too long. He pulled Feng Ge and continued upwards.
In the Seventeenth Heaven, the Human Race's Star Ring was placed on top of a mountain.
From the Fourteenth Heaven to the Seventeenth Heaven, after crossing three Heavens, the pressure suddenly increased.
This amount of pressure might not be small for others, but Feng Ge had absorbed enough spirit crystals. Like Luo Zheng, he had reached the Ultimate Indigo Soul Level. Naturally, he could adapt to the pressure easily.
"We're at the Seventeenth Heaven. Do we continue upwards?" Feng Ge asked.
Standing at the top of the mountain, she saw a large stretch of desert in the distance. She felt that it was a little desolate. She would rather go to a higher Heaven.
"It's here," Luo Zheng answered.
Feng Ge looked at Luo Zheng strangely. "What's so important about the Seventeenth Heaven?"
If Luo Zheng wanted to find a good Nirvana token, he could definitely go to a higher Heaven.
"There is," Luo Zheng said. "Wait for me."
Then, Luo Zheng left the Nirvana Realm and activated the Nirvana Key in the two Blood Fixing Mysterious Seeds. At the same time, he began to recite the Sanskrit that Luo Nian had deciphered.
"Busha Guli …"
After reciting, Luo Zheng reached out his hand and gently pressed the stripes on the Nirvana Key …
When Luo Zheng returned to the Nirvana Realm, there was a map and stripes of different lengths on his palm. These stripes were shining faintly.
"The Nirvana Key?" Feng Ge stared at the light in Luo Zheng's palm.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
There was a trace of doubt in Feng Ge's eyes.
Although every Nirvana Key was valuable, the Seventeenth Heaven was still not enough for Luo Zheng. If Luo Zheng needed it, Feng Ge could get the key to a higher Heaven, let alone the Temple of the Seventeenth Heaven.
Doubts were doubts, but she had an inexplicable trust in Luo Zheng's choice. Since he insisted on exploring, there must be some secrets to the Nirvana Key.
Luo Zheng glanced at the map in his hand, then looked around and compared the surrounding terrain.
The surrounding terrain did not match the map on the Paramita Key.
This was normal. After all, the area of the Nirvana Shore was not small, and the terrain of the Seventeenth Heaven was more complicated. It would take a lot of effort to find the corresponding terrain.
The Seventeenth Heaven's star ring was arranged in the middle of the mountain range. The Seventeenth Heaven was generally more desolate. Although there were a few Nirvana Realm races, they didn't build a big city like Wanling City or Tianshui City like the Fourteenth Heaven.
After going down the mountain, Luo Zheng headed south.
They were surrounded by low barren mountains that were three to five hundred feet high. There was nothing special about the surrounding scenery.
As they walked, Luo Zheng also checked the map, but it still didn't match the map in his hand.
Under such a check, the two of them slowed down their speed.
After a day and a night, they only walked 50 miles in a straight line to the south. There was still a long way to go, not to mention the Seventeenth Heaven was vast.
It would take a long time to finish walking step by step and check the map.
"This won't do. It's a waste of time," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
"Of course it's a waste," Feng Ge chuckled. "But if we continue south, we'll reach the Seventeenth Heaven's territory. It should be much easier to find a map of the Seventeenth Heaven from them."
Hearing Feng Ge's words, Luo Zheng was silent for a few breaths. He looked helpless. It turned out that Feng Ge had already calculated that he wouldn't be able to find it …
Speaking of which, whether it was the Sky Sunflower Temple or the Sky Temple, Luo Zheng didn't rely on the map to find it. This was Luo Zheng's first time looking for a temple, so he didn't have much experience.
According to Feng Ge, after walking south for about a hundred miles, the continuous low mountains disappeared. A large grassland appeared, and on both sides of the grassland stood a huge fence.
"How can these fences be built so high? And the grass inside is also …" Luo Zheng looked up, and his eyes were slightly surprised.
The fence at the edge of the grassland was thousands of feet high. Compared to these fences, the low mountains in front of them were simply low mounds of earth.
As for the grassland, how was it grassland? Every blade of grass was dozens of feet high, swaying like a big tree. In comparison, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were as small as ants.
Feng Ge shook his head. Although he had done his homework, there were too many things in the Paramita Realm, including almost everything. It was already good enough that he knew that the Elephant-Men were in the south.
"Let's go in and take a look," Luo Zheng said.
After crossing the fence, the two entered the grassland. After walking for about ten miles in this huge grassland, they suddenly heard a long bugle horn.
"Wu …"
As soon as the bugle horn sounded, the ground trembled as if there was an earthquake.
Feeling this violent tremor, Luo Zheng frowned and looked back at Feng Ge. With a light pull of his hand, the lightning wings on his back flashed out and circled up.
When Luo Zheng reached a height of thousands of feet, he finally saw the situation in the distance.
Black bulls that were twenty to thirty thousand feet tall were running wildly on this grassland. Behind the black bulls was a group of humanoid creatures that were thousands of feet tall.
These humanoid creatures stood on two feet, but they had a head that was no different from an elephant's. Their skin was also ash-green. They were clearly the Elephant-Men that Feng Ge had mentioned.
The Elephant-Men chased after the black bulls, causing the earth to tremble.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge floated in the air. To the Elephant-Men, they were really like two mosquitoes.
Under the pursuit of the Elephant-Men, the black bulls were already charging towards the fence. Although the fence was tall, it shouldn't be able to stop the charge of the black bulls.
But just as the black bulls were about to reach the fence, one of the Elephant-Men raised the bugle horn in his hand.
"Wu wu wu …"
When the bugle horn sounded, lightning-like patterns appeared on the surface of the seemingly ordinary fence.
"Bzzt bzzt bzzt …"
Thick bolts of lightning gathered on the surface of the fence. These bolts of lightning formed lightning chains that wrapped around the black bulls.
When the black bulls were struck by the lightning, they were immediately unable to move and lay on the ground.
"What a powerful lightning power." Luo Zheng looked at the lightning escaping from the fence and clicked his tongue in wonder.
"It's Thunderstruck Wood. It's also a relatively rare Nirvana token." Feng Ge said, "I didn't expect there to be so many Thunderstruck Wood in the Elephant-Men's territory …"

Chapter 3246
Standing behind Luo Zheng and Feng Ge was a huge elephant-man.
The elephant-man seemed to be furious at the arrival of Luo Zheng and Feng Ge. As soon as he finished speaking, a huge hand slapped down on Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's heads.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng flipped over and protected Feng Ge, but the slap caused the two of them to fall to the ground.
The elephant-man did not stop there. Through the grass, he quickly locked onto Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's position. He raised his huge elephant leg and stomped on them!
"Dong dong dong dong dong …"
The elephant-man's body was huge, so his explosive power was naturally astonishing.
After he stomped more than ten times, another elephant-man finally persuaded, "Okay, Hu Fu, that spy has been stomped into meat paste by you!"
The elephant-man called Hu Fu snorted coldly and walked towards the black bulls.
The elephant-men had been chasing this group of black bulls for several days and finally drove the black bulls to the fence built by the Thunderstruck Wood.
Using the lightning contained in the Thunderstruck Wood, they could easily take down these black bulls. These black bulls were half of their tribe's food.
Just as Hu Fu turned his head, he suddenly heard a thunderous sound. It was not loud, but it was clear.
"Crackle …"
Then Hu Fu saw a small bolt of lightning flash in front of his forehead and stop not far from him. The guy that was the size of a mosquito was not crushed into meat paste, but appeared in front of him again.
"Friend …" Luo Zheng said.
He did not come to the elephant-men's territory to cause trouble, but to understand the terrain of the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven. Since he was smashed by Hu Fu, Luo Zheng suppressed the anger in his heart.
"You didn't die, heh …"
The elephant-man called Hu Fu had no interest in communicating with Luo Zheng. He once again waved his huge fist and smashed it towards Luo Zheng's head.
Hu Fu's fist was seventy to eighty zhang wide. To Luo Zheng, it was like a flying hill.
Seeing the mountain-like fist flying towards him, Luo Zheng frowned and finally showed anger on his face.
If he did not teach them a lesson, they would not talk nicely.
When the huge fist smashed in front of Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng also punched back. Luo Zheng's fist was three thousand times bigger than Hu Fu's!
It was like a human's fist hitting a flying mosquito!
Hu Fu's eyesight was very good. Even though Luo Zheng was very small in his field of vision, he could still see Luo Zheng's movements clearly.
A mosquito and an ant's fist? There was a mocking look in his eyes.
But when Hu Fu's fist smashed in front of Luo Zheng, he suddenly felt a dull pain coming from the front of his fist.
With a muffled sound, his fist was actually blocked by an almost inaudible mosquito!
"Impossible …"
Hu Fu's eyes were full of disbelief.
The elephant-men had large bodies and were arrogant. They were especially confident in their size and strength. How could he allow a mosquito to block his attack?
"Buzz buzz …"
The muscles on Hu Fu's right arm swelled and his strength continued to erupt, trying to suppress the mosquito in front of his fist.
But that inaudible mosquito was like a wall that could not be crossed.
The other elephant-men were originally rushing towards the black bulls, but when they heard the movement behind them, they all turned around. Seeing Hu Fu's actions, the elephant-men all had strange expressions on their faces.
"What's wrong, Hu Fu?" The elephant-man chief asked.
From their point of view, it was indeed difficult to see Luo Zheng who was as small as a mosquito.
Hu Fu's face turned red. He had used up all the strength in his body. He gritted his teeth and said, "This little thing is so strong …"
Hu Fu said as he pulled back his fist and once again smashed it towards Luo Zheng.
"Hu!"
"Boom!"
Once again, the fist smashed into an invisible wall. The air in all directions surged, and the green grass, which was hundreds of feet tall, fell down. However, Luo Zheng was still able to withstand the punch.
In order to receive Hu Fu's fist, Luo Zheng drew out the power of Shen Jun and spread it out into a fist that was over a hundred meters tall.
If he had only gathered his strength in his body to receive Hu Fu's fist, he was afraid that he would have been like a steel needle that drilled into Hu Fu's fist …
"I don't believe it!"
Hu Fu roared and his fists rained down on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng stood in the air and slightly raised one hand. The invisible power of Shen Jun spread out and slightly distorted the surrounding transparent space, forming a tall wall of strength that blocked all of Hu Fu's attacks.
Luo Zheng planned to wait until the elephant-man's strength was exhausted before communicating with him.
But at this moment, Feng Ge on the ground suddenly warned, "Luo Zheng, behind …"
Although he warned, Feng Ge wasn't worried about Luo Zheng's safety.
The elephant-man race had a height of over a thousand meters, which was indeed terrifying. But they were only creatures of the seventeenth light domain. Even if they were strong, they wouldn't be ridiculously strong. They shouldn't be able to do anything to Luo Zheng.
Just as Luo Zheng turned around, he saw a huge hand grabbing towards him. This huge hand covered Luo Zheng and pinched him. This elephant-man actually wanted to crush him …
The elephant-man kneaded and pinched him, feeling as if he was pinching a fine and hard stone. How could he crush him?
As this thought flashed through his mind, he gently threw Luo Zheng away. At the same time, he pulled out a stone spear from his back and swung it in a circle before accurately thrusting it towards Luo Zheng!
"Ka!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's body suddenly expanded.
In an instant, his eight chi tall body had grown to over a hundred meters tall.
While blocking the stone spear, Luo Zheng's body was still expanding crazily. In the blink of an eye, he had grown from over a hundred meters tall to over a thousand meters tall. At the same time, he grabbed the tip of the stone spear with one hand and frowned at the two elephant-men in front of him.
The group of elephant-men surrounding the black bull looked on helplessly as Luo Zheng's body expanded from the size of a mosquito to about the same size as them. They were all dumbfounded.
Their huge protruding ears drooped on both sides and their eyes were filled with disbelief.
"Friends, if you insist on having your way and want to exchange pointers with me, I can only accompany you!"
As Luo Zheng spoke, he suddenly pulled the stone spear out of the elephant-man's hand. After swinging it in a circle in the air, he suddenly exerted strength with his arm!
"Ka ka ka …"
The thousand meter long stone spear was actually crushed by Luo Zheng's hand!
This was a stone spear made of solid white stone. It was extraordinarily sturdy, and there weren't many of them in the elephant-man race …
Seeing the strength Luo Zheng displayed, the elephant-men swallowed their saliva.

Chapter 3247
Luo Zheng turned his head and glanced at the Elephant-Man Chief. He said coldly, "Now you know it's a misunderstanding, but you wanted to kill me just now?"
Hearing this, the Elephant-Man Chief said, "Hu Fu, quickly apologize to this friend."
Hu Fu looked at Luo Zheng, who suddenly grew bigger, and still had a silly expression on his face. He had never experienced the era of the Aragami, so he naturally did not know about this kind of magical power. A mosquito could become as big as him in the blink of an eye …
However, Luo Zheng suddenly becoming a thousand feet tall was already shocking enough. Hu Fu was no longer dissatisfied. He rolled up the elephant trunk on his face and sincerely apologized.
Luo Zheng did not care too much. He bent down and gently cupped Feng Ge in his hand, then gently placed him on his right shoulder.
Although Feng Ge had heard of the Aragami, he had never seen Luo Zheng display it. When he saw Luo Zheng transform into a thousand feet tall giant, he was also dumbfounded.
Sitting on Luo Zheng's shoulder and looking at Luo Zheng's head that was like a tall building, he had a blank expression on his face for a long time.
Since the misunderstanding had been cleared, these Elephant-Men's attitude towards Luo Zheng was naturally much more polite.
The other Elephant-Men began to deal with the black bulls that were killed by the thunderstruck wood. The Elephant-Man Chief introduced himself to Luo Zheng. "I'm Lei Qiao, the Chief of the Elephant-Man Tribe. You shouldn't be from the Nirvana Realm, right? However, the woman on your shoulder seems to be from the human race … "
The Elephant-Man Tribe was a very closed race. They did not communicate much with the outside world. However, as the Chief, he had stayed in the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven for so long, so he knew much more than ordinary Elephant-Men.
He noticed the woman on Luo Zheng's shoulder and could clearly see her appearance. She was from the Nirvana Realm …
"That's right. She's from the Nirvana Realm."
Luo Zheng said while paying attention to the Elephant-Man Chief's expression.
He believed that the seventeenth layer of heaven had clues about the Nirvana Human Tribe, and the Nirvana beings in the seventeenth layer of heaven might know something, so he purposely called Feng Ge a Nirvana Human Tribe to see the elephant-man chief's reaction.
However, Lei Qiao's expression didn't change. He only responded with an 'oh' before asking, "May I know why Your Excellency has come to our territory?"
"I'm here to find a map of the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven. I wonder if the Elephant Human Race can provide me with a copy? I can use Soul Pills or Body Cleansing Jade to buy it," Luo Zheng said.
Lei Qiao was not stupid. When Luo Zheng mentioned the map, his face showed an expression of understanding, but he still asked, "Your Excellency, are you here for the Seventeenth Heaven Temple?"
The Paramita Key only marked the location of the temple on the map, and the map didn't even have any indication of the location. If there wasn't a big map to compare, he could only explore bit by bit.
After being guessed by Lei Qiao, Luo Zheng's expression didn't change.
"We don't have a map of the entire Seventeenth Layer of Heaven, but we do have a map of the south. I'll bring Your Excellency back to the tribe to get it," Lei Qiao said with a wave of his hand. "As for Your Excellency buying it from us, you're treating us as outsiders!"
The elephant-man chief was rather forthright.
After the elephant-men flipped the black bulls over, they pierced their necks with stone spears and strung the black bulls up. They formed groups of two and carried seven or eight black bulls forward.
Luo Zheng also followed this bumper harvest team and traveled southward along the central part of the grassland.
The grassland in the southern part of the Nirvana Realm stretched as far as the eye could see. After entering the hinterland of the grassland, one could only see that the surroundings were lush green, as if there was no end to it.
Feng Ge sat on Luo Zheng's shoulder, as if she was sitting on top of a mountain. This feeling was strange and novel.
She knew that her father, Fuxi, and the others were able to become very large because they had once cultivated using the Ancient God Body Tempering Technique. After that, there was basically no one who cultivated like this. Feng Ge even suspected that Luo Zheng didn't come from this era …
After traveling along the grassland for more than half a day, low houses appeared in front of them.
Of course, these houses were "low" in comparison to the enormous bodies of the elephant-men. Their absolute height was still more than ten thousand feet, but the appearance of these houses was very simple and crude.
Luo Zheng didn't have much contact with the elephant-men, but he could roughly make his own judgment. The elephant-men should be a native race born in the Nirvana Realm.
If the creatures in the Primal Chaos experienced a long period of development, even if they moved to the Nirvana Realm, they would still have a relatively developed civilization.
Native races like the human race didn't have much contact with the outside world and had always been isolated in a corner. Naturally, they were very backward. Therefore, their food, clothing, and weapons were very simple and crude. They only had strength and huge bodies.
Lei Qiao and the others returned to the tribe with their spoils of war. A large number of elephant-men came out of the low houses to welcome them. Most of the elephant-men who stayed in the tribe were old, young, sick, and weak.
They relied on the strong young men in the tribe to hunt for rations.
Many elephant-men were surprised by Luo Zheng's arrival. Some young elephant-men hid in the corners of the houses and cast curious and slightly uneasy gazes at Luo Zheng.
"Your Excellency, please follow me. I will bring you to get the map," Lei Qiao said.
Luo Zheng followed behind Lei Qiao and came to a house in the center of the tribe. Although this house was still simple and crude, it was several times more spacious than the other houses.
After entering the house, they saw an elephant-man sitting cross-legged in the middle of the house. The elephant-man was covered in bright-colored oil paint from head to toe. The oil paint was applied very evenly, and one couldn't even see the original skin of the elephant-man.
"This is our High Priest Lei Gu," Lei Qiao introduced.
The High Priest's position was obviously higher than Chief Lei Qiao's. After Lei Qiao entered, he bowed to the High Priest Lei Gu and said, "High Priest, this foreign friend would like to look at the map of the south."
The High Priest Lei Gu sized up Luo Zheng. He and Chief Lei Qiao had controlled the tribe together for many years and trusted Chief Lei Qiao very much.
The High Priest just nodded and didn't ask any more questions. He got up and took out a wooden board.
After flipping the wooden board over, a map of different heights was carved on the front of the board. Then, the High Priest Lei Gu retreated to the side and closed his eyes again.
"This is the south of the Seventeenth Heaven. We are here," Lei Qiao pointed at the bottom of the map and said. It was the hinterland of the grassland.
Luo Zheng looked around and realized that more than half of the grassland was surrounded by fences made of thunderstruck wood. It wasn't easy to build such a large fence.
He didn't know if it was built by the elephant-men or by other creatures.
Each Heaven had its own secrets. This involved the secrets of the elephant-men. Although Luo Zheng was curious, he didn't ask too much. His purpose was to find the location of the temple.

Chapter 3248
His eyes scanned from top to bottom, checking and comparing the areas one by one.
The terrain of the grassland area in the south wasn't complicated, so Luo Zheng skipped over it and focused on the four corners of the map.
After about half an hour, Luo Zheng finished the comparison. His brows, which were originally relaxed, were now furrowed. Luo Zheng's target wasn't on this map.
Chieftain Lei Qiao noticed the expression on Luo Zheng's face and asked, "Did you not find it?"
This map only recorded the southern area of the Fourteenth Heaven, so it was normal that he couldn't find it. Luo Zheng nodded. Since he couldn't find it here, he could only search elsewhere.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave, Feng Ge, who was on his shoulder, suddenly said, "Wait a minute, Luo Zheng, look at the rightmost part of the map."
As the difference in size between Feng Ge and Luo Zheng was too big, his voice was really like the buzzing of a mosquito. Feng Ge realized that Luo Zheng couldn't hear him clearly, so he used his strength to repeat loudly.
When Luo Zheng heard Feng Ge's size, he looked at the left side of the map.
On the leftmost part of the map, the grassland area came to an abrupt end and was replaced by a desert. Perhaps because of the desert, the map drawn on the wooden board wasn't very accurate. The carvings were blurry, and there was a hint of ambiguity.
But even so, at the intersection of the grassland and the desert, a gourd shape was outlined, and it was a three-bellied gourd.
"Look at the left side of the map in your hand. Isn't there a wave?" Feng Ge said again.
After Luo Zheng looked at the map formed by the Paramita Key in his hand, his eyes flashed slightly. This wave was exactly the same as the half gourd shape below!
He even pressed his palm down and compared it to that direction. After careful comparison, the more he looked, the more similar it was!
"Feng Ge is still the most attentive," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"That's right," Feng Ge said with a sweet smile.
When Luo Zheng noticed this direction, Chief Lei Qiao, who had been standing next to him, suddenly had an unnatural expression on his face.
Luo Zheng pointed in that direction and asked, "Chief, this direction should be out of your Elephantmen's territory. Do you know where we are?"
"This place …" Lei Qiao looked hesitant.
Luo Zheng looked at Lei Qiao strangely. Was there something special about this place?
The High Priest suddenly opened his eyes and said, "Foreign race, I advise you to give up on going there. That's not a territory you can set foot in …"
"Why?"
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't back down just because of the High Priest's words.
"That place is very dangerous, very dangerous. Even the most powerful Heavenly Lord of our Seventeenth Heaven has fallen there!" The High Priest said.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was slightly shocked. Feng Ge also frowned.
With the strength of the Pure Witches, it was easy for them to walk in the Nirvana Realm. This place seemed normal, but even three Pure Witches had died?
"Even the Heavenly Lord had fallen there? Moreover, three of them had fallen? How is this possible … "Luo Zheng couldn't believe it.
"Hehe, the young people naturally don't know about this part of history, but an old man like me still remembers it clearly. Back then, they fought fiercely in the Seventeenth Heaven for so many years to fight for the position of Heavenly Lord. No matter which side won, they would go there immediately!"
As the High Priest spoke, he pointed to the rightmost side of the map. "They were all there for that place. That place was too dangerous, so they wanted to borrow the strength of the Heavenly Lord. Unfortunately … the Heavenly Lord didn't have the ability to enter it!"
"Who are they?" Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and asked.
"I don't know." The High Priest shook his head. "Back then, I was only a child. At that time, our Elephantmen often suffered unexpected disasters. It was only when they took turns to fail three times and finally chose to give up that our tribe settled down …"
Speaking of that memory, there was a bitter taste in the High Priest's mouth.
"Based on what you said, there was more than one force?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, there were at least three forces," the High Priest replied.
To be able to directly compete for the position of Heavenly Lord, such a force was probably the most powerful civilization in the Nirvana Realm!
Luo Zheng thought of the One-Eyed Clan and the black monkey. Apart from that, the Three-eyed Boy of the Thirteenth Heaven seemed to be from another force. Could it be those three forces?
"So you'd better not go. There's no chance of survival there!" the High Priest warned.
Although he hadn't seen Luo Zheng's skills, the High Priest understood that Luo Zheng was no ordinary person. But so what if he was powerful? How powerful could he be compared to those Heavenly Lords?
"Thank you for the reminder. If it's too dangerous, it's not worth the risk." Luo Zheng cupped his hands toward the High Priest.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Feng Ge, who was on his shoulder, had a strange expression on his face.
Under such circumstances, Luo Zheng couldn't possibly back down …
After that, Luo Zheng didn't stay in the Elephantmen Tribe for long. Although Chief Lei Qiao urged them to stay, Luo Zheng still left with Feng Ge.
Not long after leaving the Elephantmen Tribe, Luo Zheng's figure quickly shrank. At the same time, he grabbed Feng Ge and landed on a blade of grass.
The weight of the two was like a drop of dew, causing the grass to bend.
"Are you really planning to leave?" Feng Ge looked doubtful.
"Of course not." Luo Zheng shook his head, his eyes revealing a deep look. "But the Elephantmen Tribe doesn't seem to want us to go in."
"They don't want us to? Do they have the right to stop us? "Feng Ge said calmly.
Not to mention Luo Zheng, even if Feng Ge was only a thousandth the size of the Elephantmen, he could still kill them.
"Of course they can't stop us, but I suspect that the Elephantmen Tribe is related to those large civilizations. Or rather, the Elephantmen were left here by those civilizations for the purpose of being an eye," Luo Zheng said.
Previously, Luo Zheng had suspected that the fences were not built by the Elephantmen. Now, it seemed that the purpose of these fences was most likely to demarcate their territory and enclose the Elephantmen Tribe in the grassland.
"That's just your inference," Feng Ge said.
"Regardless of whether this is possible or not, we'll go around this tribe before going in. It's much safer this way," Luo Zheng replied.
"That's true …"
After this brief planning, Luo Zheng brought Feng Ge across the northern grassland and went straight to the area marked on the map.
In the Elephantmen Tribe.
Not long after Luo Zheng left, the originally calm High Priest suddenly said, "Lei Qiao, quick, quickly take the Celestial Spirit Pearl!"
Hearing this request, Lei Qiao's body trembled slightly.
The Celestial Spirit Pearl was a sacred object of the Elephantmen Tribe. It had always been placed on top of the tribe's totem pole and was worshipped by the Elephantmen Tribe's descendants.
The pearl had been placed on the totem pole for countless years. The Elephantmen Tribe was able to grow to their current size because of the Celestial Spirit Pearl.
Now, the High Priest wanted to take the pearl down?

Chapter 3249
Other than the high priest, no one in the Elephantman tribe knew the origin of the Heavenly Spirit Pearl.
As for the true use of the Heavenly Spirit Pearl, no one knew either.
However, since the high priest had given such an order, Lei Qiao did not refuse.
After it left the door, it went straight to the totem pole and began to climb to the top of the totem pole.
"Chief …"
"You!"
"That's our sacred object. Chief, how can you …"
The other Elephantmen wanted to stop Lei Qiao. Even the chief could not touch the Heavenly Spirit Pearl as he wished.
"Taking down the sacred object is our mission." The high priest's voice suddenly sounded.
In the Elephantman tribe, the high priest's orders were the golden rule. However, the high priest rarely managed the tribe. Most of the time, it was the chief who did it on his behalf.
"Why?" an Elephantman asked, puzzled.
"Because the sacred object was left here to wait for some living beings to come. Now … they have come," the high priest said seriously.
"High priest, are you referring to that human?" an Elephantman asked.
The high priest nodded.
He knew very well that the Elephantman tribe was an insignificant existence. Before their mission was completed, perhaps they still had a need to exist.
Once this mission was completed, they would be dispensable. The final outcome was obvious. However, no matter what the outcome was, they could not defy it.
After taking down the Heavenly Spirit Pearl, the high priest placed it on the ground.
The other Elephantmen stared at the Heavenly Spirit Pearl with shining eyes. Only the high priest could use the pearl's power. They wondered what kind of spell the high priest would use.
Just as everyone was looking forward to it, the high priest suddenly reached out and pulled out the stone spear from Lei Qiao's back.
"Whoosh!"
The stone spear was swung in a circle and heavily smashed toward the Heavenly Spirit Pearl.
"Ah!"
"High priest!"
"You can't …"
At this moment, even Lei Qiao was stunned. However, it was too late to stop it. He could only watch as the stone spear flew toward him.
"Clang!"
The stone spear hit the Heavenly Spirit Pearl head-on. With a crash, the Heavenly Spirit Pearl was smashed into pieces by the stone spear, turning into translucent white fragments …
All the Elephantmen looked at the High Priest in horror. They didn't know why the High Priest would go crazy and smash the Elephantmen's holy item.
Just as the entire tribe was in a state of panic, the white particles on the ground suddenly changed. They trembled slightly, as if tiny ants were beginning to move.
These white shards might be very small for the Elephant-Men, but the Celestial Spirit Pearl itself had a diameter of seventy to eighty feet. Each of the translucent white shards was the size of an ordinary person's fist.
The white fragments continued to rearrange themselves, quickly forming a large circular array. Then, all the white fragments released a powerful energy, and a unique array was activated!
"Whoosh —"
A white ray of light shot up into the sky from the grassland!
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were traversing across the grassland. Seeing the beam of light in the distance, Luo Zheng's figure suddenly stopped.
"It's the Elephantman Tribe's territory," Feng Ge said seriously.
"It doesn't look like someone has ascended," Luo Zheng pursed his lips.
The white ray of light that shot up was similar to a star ring. Just as Luo Zheng left, a beam of light shot up. This couldn't be a coincidence …
"It looks like the problem is most likely due to the Paramita Key in your hands," Feng Ge said.
According to the Elephantmen, the dangerous area at the edge of the grassland wasn't very secretive. At least the major forces knew of its existence, but they couldn't do anything about it.
"That's most likely the case." Luo Zheng looked at the white light expressionlessly. The light gradually dissipated and disappeared from his sight. "We have to speed up …"
"Crack!"
Accompanied by the electric light released by the lightning wings, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge turned into lightning and flew along the grassland that looked like a green ocean.
The white light kept going up and quickly entered the Eighteenth Layer of Heaven.
There was a small formation hidden at the top of a tall mountain in the Eighteenth Layer of Heaven. The moment the white light entered the Eighteenth Layer of Heaven, this formation also released a white light towards the Nineteenth Layer of Heaven.
In a valley in the Nineteenth Layer of Heaven, a small formation activated …
The Twentieth Layer of Heaven …
The Twenty-First Layer of Heaven …
The Twenty-Second Layer of Heaven …
…
The Thirtieth Layer of Heaven …
The Thirty-First Layer of Heaven …
The Thirty-Second Layer of Heaven!
Inside a huge palace, there was a huge metal formation.
This metal formation was constantly rotating. All kinds of patterns intersected within it, and terrifying energy surged within it.
"Crack …"
When the white light entered the Thirtieth Layer of Heaven, the metal formation suddenly shook.
"Hmm?"
A small ball of light made a strange sound.
Inside this ball of light, there was blue water light rippling. The water light condensed into slender ice crystals.
It was a member of the Elephantmen, and also the weakest of the Elephantmen, which was why it was sent here to guard this metal formation.
"The Seventeenth Layer of Heaven's formation activated? What could there be in the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven … "This water spirit pondered.
Generally speaking, the Elephantmen would only focus on the Twenty-Ninth Layer of Heaven and above. There really wasn't anything below the Twenty-Ninth Layer of Heaven that the Elephantmen would pay attention to.
A few days ago, they had received news that two Pure Witches had appeared in the Fourteenth Layer of Heaven. Moreover, these two Pure Witches belonged to the human race.
Even so, the Elephantmen had only issued a decree and ordered those lowly black monkeys to take action. The Elephantmen didn't take any further action because there was no need to.
But it didn't expect that the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven's formation would also activate not long after, so the water spirit was naturally very puzzled.
The Seventeenth Layer of Heaven …
Could it be that danger zone?
Blue light suddenly spread out from the body of this "water spirit".
The light on the surface of its body spread out in a circle, and then began to flash to its companions.
The Elephantmen of the Elephantmen were all individuals, and at the same time, they could rely on and integrate with each other. The instant it called out to its companions, it had already adjusted its voice to the highest level.
Therefore, in an instant, all the Elephantmen who could respond to the "water spirit" immediately gathered within its body.
Within the body of this "water spirit", specks of dazzling golden light and balls of blazing flames floated.
"What's wrong?"
"This looks like news from the lowest level …"
"Hmph, it's just news from the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven. Do you need to call everyone here?"
The Elephantmen within this "water spirit" all expressed their dissatisfaction. They felt that this water spirit was making a mountain out of a molehill.
The water spirit didn't say anything.
As the metal formation continued to rotate, a blurry image appeared in front of everyone. The image was precisely that of the Elephantmen High Priest "Lei Gu", who had been painted with various colors.
The transmission of information in the Paramita Realm was very complicated. Even the Elephantmen who had a thorough understanding of the Paramita Realm could only transfer information from one Layer of Heaven to another.
It was already very impressive that the image of the Elephantmen could still be displayed after a dozen or so transfers.

Chapter 3250
High Priest Lei Gu couldn't see what was happening on the other side. There was only a blurry white ball of light floating above the formation.
Lei Gu knew very well that this white ball of light represented that powerful race.
It was also thanks to this powerful race that the elephantmen were able to survive until now in the Seventeenth Heaven.
In theory, this ball of light was indeed the god that saved the elephantmen tribe.
High Priest Lei Gu made a hand gesture, indicating for all the elephantmen to kneel.
Including Lei Qiao, all the elephantmen knelt on the ground, worshipping the white ball of light with pious expressions.
In the Thirty-Second Heaven, the "water spirit", or rather, the amalgamation of all the elephantmen, showed a hint of impatience when it saw this scene.
The elephantmen were the purest living beings. After all, they were formed from the most basic elements.
In their eyes, all living beings with flesh and blood were impure and dirty!
The elephantmen were the same …
"What is it?" the water spirit asked.
Although it had gathered its companions, the water spirit was still the main body. Out of courtesy, it should speak first.
"I see that paramita key! It's the one here! " High Priest Lei Gu raised the wooden board and pointed at the gourd-shaped area on the right side of the board.
As soon as Lei Gu finished speaking, the consciousness in the water spirit's body started to fluctuate.
"It's that temple of the past?"
"That temple key has finally appeared?"
"Back then, in order to enter it, we did everything we could, but those bastards fought for so many years, and in the end, no one succeeded!"
"It's really a heaven-sent opportunity!"
The elephantmen communicated through their consciousness very quickly. In almost a breath's time, these elephantmen had already discussed the past of the Seventeenth Heaven.
At that time, the three factions that had worked together with the elephantmen had all obtained the position of Heaven Lord of the Seventeenth Heaven. At that time, the elephantmen had thought that they were the only ones who could excavate the dangerous land, and in the end, they inevitably failed.
However, the failure of the other two factions gave the elephantmen a bit of comfort. Thus, the dangerous land of the Seventeenth Heaven was delayed just like that …
The Meta-Spirit Race had only casually supported the Seventeenth Heaven's elephantmen to stand guard. If the Paramita Key were to appear one day, they would naturally be the first to know.
In fact, the Meta-Spirit Race didn't have much hope. For a long time, they had almost forgotten about the Elephantman Race, until the Elephantman High Priest Lei Gu smashed the Heavenly Spirit Pearl.
"What should we do? Let those monkeys think of a way? "A fire spirit asked.
"Hmph, those monkeys can only hide in the dark. What use are they? Not long ago, the matter of the Fourteenth Heaven was a complete mess. You can't do anything right! "Jin Ling said coldly.
"The Light Domain isn't a problem, the key is that the monkeys aren't strong enough, and the Pure Witch of the 17th Heavenly Layer isn't under our control, I'm afraid we can only send down Moon Fire Slaves …" Shui Ling suggested.
There was no doubt about the strength of the Moon Fire Slave. However, descending from the 32nd Layer of Heaven was not a small price to pay. Moreover, the strength of the Moon Fire Slave would be greatly suppressed.
Under normal circumstances, Moon Fire Slaves wouldn't be sent down below the 30th Layer of Heaven. However, such an opportunity was hard to come by, so it was worthy of the Meta-Spirit Race's attention.
While the other Meta-Spirit Race members were hesitating, a fire spirit asked a very crucial question, "Which race is the creature that holds the Paramita Key?"
High Priest Lei Gu was waiting for the light orb's decision in the metal formation. When he suddenly heard this question from the light orb, he answered truthfully, "Humans. There are two humans. One of them has an appearance that I can't see clearly, but when the Rage God's body is activated, he can be as tall as us …"
The news of Luo Zheng and Feng Ge in the Fourteenth Heaven had already caused a stir. The Meta-Spirit Race also knew a little about it, but it didn't attract much attention.
When Lei Gu's voice fell, these Meta-Spirits already understood.
The human who occupied the Fourteenth Heaven had already stepped into the Seventeenth Heaven.
Moreover, this human just so happened to have the Paramita Key in his possession. This was no coincidence!
"Send down the Moon Fire Slaves!"
"Agreed!"
"Agreed!"
"…"
Not long after, the hall's door opened from the middle.
Three huge Moon Fire Slaves walked in, and the entire hall trembled slightly with their footsteps.
Green flames escaped from their necks, waists, and ribs. Their ferocious and tyrannical auras were clearly visible.
When the three Moon Fire Slaves stood in the center of the metal formation, the metal formation started to spin again.
Whoosh —
As the metal formation spun wildly, it turned into a streak of white light and shot toward the Thirty-First Heaven. However, this white light contained traces of dark green flames.
Some powerful beings that lived in the Thirty-First Heaven and the Thirty-Second Heaven also knew what the Meta-Spirit Race was doing after seeing the dark green flames. They once again sent down karmic fire and calamity to the lower heavens …
The Thirty-First Heaven …
The Thirteenth Heaven …
The Twenty-Ninth Heaven …
…
The Eighteenth Heaven …
The Seventeenth Heaven!
The elephant people still knelt and didn't get up.
To the ignorant and backward elephant people, that ball of white light was a miracle. As long as the miracle didn't disappear, they wouldn't dare to leave without permission.
Most of the elephant people looked extremely pious, and they were even longing in their hearts. Since the miracle had appeared, a blessing should descend next, right?
Just as they were longing, a white and green light fell from the sky.
Boom, boom, boom!
When that white and green light fell, it directly smashed the entire formation into smithereens. A pit with a radius of one thousand five hundred feet appeared in the center of the formation.
In terms of normal size, this pit was already incomparably huge.
However, the elephant people were thousands of feet tall, and this huge pit was only about the size of the water tank they used.
Three huge Moon Fire Slaves slowly crawled out of the pit.
When they noticed the even larger Elephantmen around them, the three Moon Fire Slaves were all stunned.
Although the Moon Fire Slaves were about two hundred to three hundred feet tall, they were insignificant compared to the elephant people that were thousands of feet tall …
"Oh, the suppression of the Seventeenth Heaven hasn't descended yet," one of the Moon Fire Slaves said.
"Then what do we do with these elephant people?"
"What do we do with them? They should be dead by now … "
When the Seventeenth Heaven didn't suppress the Moon Fire Slaves, the Moon Fire Slaves had the strength of the Thirty-Second Heaven. Just the residual power of the flames emitted from their bodies was enough to burn everything in the Seventeenth Heaven.
Chief Lei Qiao, High Priest Lei Gu, and the elephant people closest to the Moon Fire Slaves didn't understand what had happened. They only felt a wave of heat hit them in the face before they lost consciousness. Their bodies were instantly turned into charcoal.

Chapter 3251
The elephantmen who were further away from the Moon Fire Slaves were shocked by this sudden scene.
A scorching hot aura was transmitted to them, forcing them to retreat.
"Chief …"
"High Priest …"
The elephantmen repeated the name over and over again as they retreated.
They couldn't understand why these things that had descended would kill the High Priest.
These things should have sensed the High Priest's devotion, which was why they had appeared. But why would they kill a devout believer?
"Number 12, what should we do with these elephantmen?" One of the Moon Fire Slaves asked.
The Moon Fire Slaves didn't have their own names.
In fact, it wasn't just the Moon Fire Slaves. Even most of the Meta-Spirit Race didn't have names.
In the Meta-Spirit Race, a name was a symbol of nobility. It represented a distinct individual. Ordinary creatures didn't have the right to have a name.
The name of a Moon Fire Slave was a string of numbers. The closer the number, the stronger they were.
These three Moon Fire Slaves were Number 12, 13, and 14. They were very powerful beings among the Moon Fire Slaves. Number 12 was the strongest, so he was naturally the leader of the three.
"They're useless. Get rid of them," Number 12 replied indifferently.
Number 13 Moon Fire Slave took a step forward. A ball of green flames spread from its feet. Then, wisps of green flames quickly spread throughout the entire village.
Some of the elephantmen realized that something was wrong. They ran out of the village.
"Dong dong dong dong …"
Chaotic and heavy footsteps spread throughout the entire village. However, no matter how fast the elephantmen were, they couldn't outrun the spreading green flames.
When the green flames in the village reached a certain level, all the elephantmen running around were turned into huge flaming men. The low buildings, bushes, totems, and miscellaneous items in the village were all ignited in an instant. They turned into green flames and were burned to ashes …
As the elephantmen tribe burned, three small balls appeared above the heads of the three Moon Fire Slaves. The moment the balls appeared, they drilled into the bodies of the Moon Fire Slaves.
When the three balls drilled into the bodies of the Moon Fire Slaves, their powerful strength was quickly suppressed. This suppression came from the seventeenth layer of heaven, so they couldn't resist at all.
The suppression of their strength brought about extreme pain. The three Moon Fire Slaves struggled painfully for a while before they managed to adapt.
"I heard that those two are Pure Ones. Their strength shouldn't be underestimated," Number 14 Moon Fire Slave said worriedly.
When one's strength was suppressed, one's self-confidence would often be greatly reduced.
"If the other party is really a Pure Witch who can cross over to the Nirvana Realm, it is indeed very tricky," Number 13 agreed.
"If it was in the past, it would indeed be very troublesome. But now, it might not be so troublesome," Number Twelve replied coldly.
Number 13 and Number 14 remained silent after hearing this.
The suppression of the Otherworld Heavenly King was unsurpassable. That was the rule in the past.
However, the Meta-Spirit Tribe had found a way to circumvent this, and they would only have to pay the price of their lives.
Although Number 12 was only slightly stronger than the other two, he was the leader of the three of them here. If they had to sacrifice their lives to escape the suppression of the Seventeenth Heaven, it would definitely be Number 13 and Number 14 …
"Let's go quickly. I hope we can be the first to sense the danger." Number Twelve did not care what they thought. He only needed to complete the task given by the Lord Elemental Spirits …
Accompanied by a gust of wind, the several hundred feet tall grass on the grassland bent over, setting off waves of green waves.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge did not know what was happening in the Elephant-Man Tribe. They were still moving through the northern part of the grassland.
If it were not for this gigantic grassland, Luo Zheng's momentum would be extremely terrifying. However, on this gigantic grassland, the lightning he transformed into was as thin as a needle and thread …
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
Suddenly, a loud buzzing sound came from behind Luo Zheng. Several giant bees the size of houses flapped their transparent wings and quickly chased after Luo Zheng.
"Another three …"
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. At the same time, he said to Feng Ge, "Get ready!"
Then, he suddenly threw Feng Ge upwards. At the same time, Luo Zheng's body began to expand rapidly, and in the blink of an eye, he became thousands of feet tall.
"Whoosh …"
After his gigantic form, Luo Zheng waved his palms and slammed them towards the center of the grassland. The three "giant bees" were smashed into pieces by his palms.
As soon as the three giant bees were smashed into pieces, Luo Zheng turned around and transformed back to his normal size. At the same time, he accurately caught Feng Ge who was falling from the sky and continued to move forward.
Along the way, they had lost count of how many times they had encountered these giant bees. Although Feng Ge and Luo Zheng could kill these giant bees, if they did not transform into their gigantic Aragami, it would still take some effort to catch and kill these giant bees.
After being chased by the giant bees twice, Luo Zheng suddenly came up with the simplest way to kill them, which was to swat them like flies.
After a few rounds, Luo Zheng was already very familiar with it. He did not hesitate at all.
After half a day, fences made of giant trees appeared in front of them again. These fences were the edge of the grassland.
"We've reached the edge of the southern grassland," Feng Ge said.
Luo Zheng nodded and went through the fences.
It seemed that only the southern grassland was filled with gigantified creatures. After reaching the other side of the fences, everything returned to normal.
However, the grassland was bordered by a greenish-gray gobi. Further away from the gobi was a boundless desert.
According to the direction indicated on the map, after they crossed the desert, they would have to go south along the gobi.
After deciding on the direction, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge continued to move towards the direction indicated on the map.
However, not long after they walked, in a corner of the gobi, a few heads of rats poked out from a few small caves.
"Squeak, there are more outsiders approaching here!"
"Their target is very clear. Squeak, they should be heading towards the danger zone!"
"If they want to die, there's no need to stop them. They can't even get past the Lantern Demon. They will definitely die. Squeak, squeak, squeak …"
"Squeak, that danger zone has not been visited for many years. It's better to be careful. We have to inform the tribe …"
The few rats quickly sneaked into the cave.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge went down for more than two hundred miles and finally saw the end of the gobi. From here, they could see the intersection of the desert and the grassland in the distance. The two different areas converged and formed a circle.
"This is it …"
Luo Zheng opened his palm and stared at the map of the Paramita Key. "This circle should be the bottom of this gourd-shaped cave!"

Chapter 3252
After arriving at the top of the desert, Luo Zheng looked around but didn't find anything special.
Luo Zheng didn't stop and flew directly over the circular desert formed by the grassland. After flying over, Luo Zheng saw another circle.
The second circle was the opposite of the first one. The first circle was a desert surrounded by grassland, while the second circle was surrounded by deserts and grassland in the middle.
Luo Zheng didn't plan to stop either. He flew directly over and came to the end of the third circle.
"The temple should be here!" Luo Zheng said.
After checking this area, he was very sure that it was the right place.
Feng Ge looked around and showed a strange expression. "Where is the shadow of the temple?"
The third circle and the end of the circle were all flat areas with a radius of a hundred miles. If there was really a temple here, there would be no place for it to hide.
Feng Ge stepped on the Gobi Desert and walked with his head down. He also looked carefully at the ground.
"Eh?"
Her eyes suddenly flashed. Then she pointed at her feet and said, "Luo Zheng, come and see!"
On the ground of the Gobi Desert, there was a long foundation. This foundation seemed to be buried underground, and only a faint outline could be seen.
Luo Zheng went forward and looked at it. Also, he could only see a faint outline.
With a slight thought, he flew up again and narrowed his eyes.
Sure enough …
Just now, he was careless and neglected it.
The outline of the Gobi Desert in front of him was a whole. It was indeed a huge temple!
"Did you see it clearly?" Feng Ge looked up at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng nodded and slowly descended from the sky. Then he said, "The foundation is under the Gobi Desert!"
"Then the temple should be under the Gobi Desert?" Feng Ge asked.
"It should be …" Luo Zheng just said and then shook his head. "Something is wrong. These outlines are the foundation of the building. If you see the outline on the ground, it means that the temple should be above the Gobi Desert. In other words, we should be inside the temple now."
Luo Zheng waved his hands and pointed around.
"We are inside the temple?" Feng Ge's eyes revealed a look of surprise.
"Well, there's a method that's easy to verify. It's impossible to leave the Nirvana Realm inside the temple. Let me try." After Luo Zheng finished speaking, his lips moved slightly as he chanted a spell to break the illusion.
After reciting the Breaking Illusion Spell, he should have returned to the secret training room. However, that did not happen. He remained in the Nirvana Realm.
Feng Ge became even more curious. Like Luo Zheng, she quietly chanted the spell to break the illusion, but her Yang Soul was also unable to break away from the other shore. Was she really surrounded by an invisible temple?
"There's such a strange place?"
Feng Ge's voice was a little cold. He followed the outline and walked out. When he was outside the outline of the temple, Feng Ge tried again.
This time, as soon as Feng Ge finished reciting the Breaking Illusion Spell, the pure witch's body closed her eyes and directly knelt on the ground, motionless. Her Yang Soul had clearly left the other shore.
Feng Ge had only left the other shore for a short while. In the blink of an eye, her body regained consciousness. She sat on the ground and looked at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng's guess was completely correct.
"What's going on?" Feng Ge asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head and frowned as he thought. "Maybe we entered the temple the wrong way, so we can't see the real temple …"
"What other way do we need to enter the temple? There's not even a place to verify the Nirvana Key here," Feng Ge said.
If there was a place to verify the Nirvana Key, it would make sense for the temple to appear after verification. However, there was nothing here. Where could they verify it?
Luo Zheng wandered around the area. Even though Luo Zheng checked very carefully, he still couldn't find any secrets.
In the end, he raised his hand again. Even though the map in his hand was firmly imprinted in his mind, he made a new discovery after careful observation.
A normal map of the Nirvana Key would have the temple as the center.
However, on this map, the temple wasn't located in the center. It was located at the bottom of the map. On the contrary, the three circular areas were located in the center of the map!
Luo Zheng's intuition told him that the problem was with the three gourd-shaped circles.
"Follow me!"
Luo Zheng stepped forward and grabbed Feng Ge. The two of them rose into the air again.
"Did you find anything?" Feng Ge asked.
"The temple is definitely still there. It's just that we entered it the wrong way," Luo Zheng explained.
"What's the right way …?" Feng Ge asked, puzzled.
Luo Zheng didn't answer. He just carried Luo Zheng and quickly arrived outside the first circle.
From the map, there was a small opening in the north of the circle. Luo Zheng landed in this opening. Then, he led Feng Ge from north to south. They walked along the edge of the Gobi Desert and entered the desert.
The moment Luo Zheng's feet stepped on the sand, the surrounding scenery suddenly changed drastically.
In this circular desert, lampposts rose from the bottom of the desert. There was a black flame burning in the lampposts. A thin filament emerged from the flame.
On the other end of the filament were black shadows. These black shadows were of different shapes. There were ghosts, humans, and beasts.
Some of the shadows sat on the ground without moving. Some of the shadows struggled with all their might. They frantically circled around the lampposts. The sand on the ground was plowed into circular ripples …
Feeling the aura of the black shadows, Feng Ge couldn't help but feel a trace of fear. He frowned and said, "What, what the hell is this place …?"
"It should be the only way to enter the temple," Luo Zheng said calmly.
The High Priest of the Elephant People had warned them that this was a dangerous place.
Even the three major forces couldn't deal with this place. Three Pure Witches had even died here. It was easy to imagine how difficult it would be to enter the temple. Luo Zheng didn't expect to be able to enter it easily.
"You wait here. I'll go and take a look," Luo Zheng said.
The lampposts in the entire desert were arranged in an equal distance. The length of the filament was not short. It was enough for the black shadows to move around within a radius of ten feet. There was almost no blind spot.
Luo Zheng realized that there was no shortcut. He could only fight his way through.
He slowly approached the outermost lamppost. On the wick of this lamppost, there was the shadow of a dog. The dog was lying motionless on the ground and taking a nap.
Just as Luo Zheng entered the range of the lamppost, the dog suddenly came to life and pounced on Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng dodged subconsciously. The shadowy dog was surprisingly fast!
Seeing that he couldn't avoid it, he suddenly stretched out his hand. He saw the shadowy dog biting his arm.

Chapter 3253
Looking at the motionless shadow, Luo Zheng breathed a sigh of relief.
The Spirit Concealing Lamp was indeed as the Green Jade Spirit had said. As long as the black flames on the lamp post were extinguished, the Hidden Beasts would stop moving.
After confirming that the dog would not move, Luo Zheng immediately said to Feng Ge, "Follow me. I will extinguish the black flames one by one. We should be able to pass through this area."
Feng Ge stepped on the soft sand and walked towards the first lamp post. He looked at the motionless Hidden Beast Dog with vigilance and asked, "Will this Hidden Beast move again?"
Feng Ge had just understood the attack method of these Hidden Beasts. The Hidden Beasts' attacks would be delayed, and these attacks would accumulate on their body.
If he was attacked, the best choice was to leave the area and "settle" the damage on his body. After all, he could withstand one or two attacks, but if he didn't settle even after dozens or hundreds of attacks, he would be dead for sure when the damage was settled.
How could Luo Zheng not understand this principle?
No matter how fast he was, he couldn't avoid being attacked by the Hidden Beasts tied to the lamp post. His thoughts were the same as Feng Ge's. If they could settle the Hidden Beasts' attacks back and forth, it wouldn't be difficult to pass through this desert area.
Luo Zheng could only ask the Green Jade Spirit this question, but the Green Jade Spirit couldn't give him an answer.
"When we encountered the Spirit Concealing Lamp, the situation was already quite critical. After the Winged King extinguished the lamp, he led us deeper. I don't know if this Hidden Beast will continue to move," the Green Jade Spirit replied.
"Let's not worry about that for now. Let's go in first." Luo Zheng smiled at Feng Ge.
There was a lamp post to the left, middle, and front of the two of them. The Spirit Concealing Lamp on each lamp post had a Hidden Beast tied to it. Through the black shadows, they should be three wolves.
Luo Zheng had already confirmed the direction. The path in front was the shortest, so Luo Zheng naturally chose to challenge the lamp post in front of him.
When Luo Zheng stepped forward, the Hidden Wolf Beasts tied to the three lamp posts became restless. They straightened the filament tied to them and desperately rushed towards Luo Zheng.
The Hidden Wolf Beasts on the left and right were directly ignored by Luo Zheng. The length of the filament was limited, so they couldn't reach Luo Zheng. He firmly stared at the Hidden Wolf Beast in front of him and slowly moved his feet.
"Wu …"
When the Hidden Wolf Beast saw Luo Zheng getting closer, it suppressed its agitation and prepared to attack with all its might.
After Luo Zheng noticed the Hidden Wolf Beast's movements, his eyes flashed and he suddenly took a step forward. The moment he took this step, the Hidden Wolf Beast jumped up with all its might!
"Chance!"
At the same time that Luo Zhai kicked, he had already burst out with power and went around from the side.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng had already exploded his speed to the extreme, but he had to admit that these shapeless Hidden Beasts were surprisingly fast. The Hidden Wolf Beast twisted its body, turned around, and put its claw on Luo Zheng's back, leaving a clear gray claw mark!
After this claw, the Hidden Wolf Beast didn't have the slightest intention of stopping. It bit towards the back of Luo Zheng's neck again, but before it could bite down, Luo Zheng's fingers had already extinguished the black flame. The Hidden Wolf Beast turned into a real shadow in an instant, opening its mouth and biting in a strange posture.
It stopped in mid-air!
"I was scratched again." Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of a wry smile.
"The strength of this claw is not light. Let's go out and deal with it first …" Feng Ge said with concern.
After figuring out the pattern of these Hidden Beasts, the two of them felt much more relaxed. Luo Zheng turned back along the first lamppost and left this desert, withstanding that claw from his back!
This Hidden Wolf Beast was stronger than the Hidden Dog Beast at the outermost perimeter. But with just a single claw, it wasn't able to exhaust Luo Zheng's Chaotic Origin Spirit.
But Luo Zheng was more worried about those Hidden Beasts in the inner perimeter. The Hidden Beasts in this desert had all sorts of shapes and sizes. And the deeper the Hidden Beasts were, the stronger they were.
If the Hidden Beasts in the innermost perimeter were incredibly strong, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to withstand the damage from a single "reckoning". Similarly, it would be dangerous for him.
Since he had already reached this step, Luo Zheng would naturally not give up. He turned back and entered the desert once again.
The third lamppost had a huge tiger tied to it. This time, things were much smoother. Luo Zheng's figure merely swayed slightly, dodging the attack of the Hidden Tiger Beast before extinguishing the Hidden Spirit Lamp.
The fourth lamppost was tied to a lion. This time, Luo Zheng was attacked by the lion twice. He could only leave this desert once again and deal with the gray claw marks on his body.
The fifth lamppost was tied to a rhinoceros. Its speed was slightly slower. Luo Zheng easily extinguished the lamp.
The sixth lamppost …
The seventh lamppost …
An hour later, Luo Zheng continued moving forward in a roundabout manner. The moment he was attacked, he would leave the "reckoning" and successfully arrive at the center of this desert. Just as Luo Zheng and Feng Ge thought they could successfully pass through this region, a scene that made them depressed occurred.
"Luo Zheng, look." Feng Ge suddenly pointed behind him.
Luo Zheng was concentrating on dealing with the Hidden Tiger Beast, while Feng Ge was observing the surrounding movements.
The Hidden Tiger Beast, which was originally fixed in place, suddenly began to move. It circled around the Hidden Spirit Lamp, and the originally extinguished black lamp lit up again.
"This is the worst …" Luo Zheng frowned.
Those black lamps would light up again, which meant that his retreat path was blocked. It also meant that he could not go out to "reckon" the damage.
Feng Ge originally wanted to say that it was not too late to leave now. But thinking of how determined Luo Zheng was, he certainly would not be willing to give up.
"I'll send you out first," Luo Zheng said as he reached out and grabbed Feng Ge's arm.
The first desert area was already so dangerous, not to mention the circular grassland area and the circular Gobi Desert area behind.
After Feng Ge broke free from Luo Zheng's hand, he fiercely glared at Luo Zheng. "Even if my body is not as good as yours, it can still withstand a few attacks! I can help you extinguish the lamp! "
As long as the damage was within the range that the body could withstand, this area was indeed not scary.
Seeing how determined Feng Ge was, Luo Zheng had no way to forcibly send him out.
He glanced not far away and said, "We can only be more careful from now on …"
After Luo Zheng passed by two more lamp posts, a huge gray bite mark appeared on his chest. It was a huge Hidden Tiger of unknown origin. Its mouth was so big that it could swallow Luo Zheng in one gulp. It could be imagined that the power of this gray bite mark would be very strong.
Luo Zheng habitually looked back. The Hidden Spirit Lamps that had been extinguished along the way had lit up one after another, and the Hidden Beasts were active again.
With this gray bite mark, he was afraid that he would not be able to go out to reckon …

Chapter 3254
Although there was a long distance between them, Luo Zheng could still see them clearly.
The three green flames were roughly humanoid in shape, wearing armor. Wherever the armor was not covering, green flames would spit out.
Feng Ge noticed Luo Zheng's strange behavior and turned to look as well. After seeing the three humanoid flames, her expression changed dramatically.
Even though the two of them couldn't recognize the origin of the three human-shaped flames, they could still feel the power of these things even though they were quite a distance away. Feng Ge almost couldn't help but take a few steps back!
"Roar!"
A hidden dragon-shaped beast behind her roared.
In shock, Feng Ge stumbled forward. Before she fell, Luo Zheng grabbed her waist and slowly helped her up. She heard Luo Zheng say, "Don't be afraid!"
Feng Ge nodded reluctantly.
Even though she told herself that she should trust Luo Zheng unconditionally, how could she not be afraid when she was trapped in the Soul Concealing Lamp and there were pursuers in the distance?
After comforting Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng asked the Green Jade Spirit and 9527. He wanted to know the origin of the three humanoid flames.
This time, both 9527 and the Green Jade Spirit seemed to have an answer. They knew the humanoid flames very well.
"These are creatures born from the flames! They belong to the Genryū! "
"They are called Moon Fire Slaves! They are very powerful warriors of the Genryū! "
"They usually only appear in the upper sky … Today, they came to the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven?"
9527 and the Green Jade Spirit said one after another. Luo Zheng said, "It can only be that someone leaked our information to the Genryū."
"Yes, the Elephant People," 9527 replied.
On the grassland, Luo Zheng had made this deduction. The Elephant People were probably the eyes of a big clan on the grassland. It seemed that his guess was completely correct.
"Don't be afraid. The Moon Fire Slaves are powerful, but they have entered the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven. Their strength is completely suppressed, but …" 9527 said hesitantly.
"But what?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The Moon Fire Slave's life force is extremely strong. It is very difficult to kill it …" 9527 said.
While Luo Zheng was still trying to understand the situation, the three Moon Fire Slaves at the entrance also noticed Luo Zheng.
"I see the target. The Elephant People aren't lying," Number Twelve said.
Number 13 looked at the lampposts and said, "But these Spirit Concealing Lamps are obstructing us."
"Hmph, how powerful can a Seventeenth Layer of Heaven's Spirit Concealing Lamp be? Number 14! Kill them, but remember to leave their hands behind! "The twelfth Moon Fire Slave ordered.
The Moon Fire Slaves knew that the Paramita Key was in the hands of Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, which was also the purpose of their trip.
"But …"
Number 14 was somewhat hesitant.
Before they descended, they had also learned about the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven.
This dangerous area was definitely not as simple as it seemed on the surface. Moreover, things like Hidden Beasts dealt damage together, so rushing over like this was probably not a wise choice.
"Don't worry, you won't die. By the way, let me see the strength of these Hidden Beasts," Number Twelve said.
"We can extinguish these Spirit Concealing Lamps …" Number 14 continued.
"I don't have that much patience!" Number Twelve snorted coldly.
Number 14 could not disobey Number Twelve. Since the order had been given, it could only bite the bullet and rush towards Luo Zheng.
"Dong dong dong dong …"
When Number 14 entered the range of the Hidden Beasts, the Hidden Beasts tied to the Spirit Concealing Lamps immediately pounced on it.
Dogs, wolves, tigers, leopards …
Creatures of all shapes and sizes kept biting Number 14.
These Hidden Beasts did not immediately deal damage, and only left gray scars on Number 14's body.
It took Luo Zheng a full hour to go from the entrance to the center of this circular desert. In order to deal with the damage he had suffered, Luo Zheng repeatedly went in and out, which naturally took a lot of time.
But Number 14 had no such thoughts. In five or six breaths of time, it had already rushed into the inner layer of the circular desert, and was only a few hundred feet away from Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
"Retreat, stand behind me," Luo Zheng said to Feng Ge.
Not far behind them, there was a huge Hidden Dragon Beast eyeing them covetously. How could Feng Ge have any room to retreat?
Luo Zheng took two steps forward, his face full of caution.
Even from a few hundred feet away, Luo Zheng could feel the scorching aura emitted by the Moon Fire Slave. Although the green flames were strange, Luo Zheng was not afraid of them, but Feng Ge could not bear it. Luo Zheng had to block the Moon Fire Slave in front of him.
But as the Moon Fire Slave got closer and closer, the scorching waves emitted by the green flames swept over.
"Luo Zheng, it's so hot, ah …"
Feng Ge retreated until he had nowhere to go. One foot behind him was the head of the Hidden Dragon Beast.
The Moon Fire Slave advanced another five hundred feet. Feng Ge felt as if his body was being cut by a knife, and his beautiful hair was curled up by the scorching flames.
Hearing Feng Ge's screams, Luo Zheng clenched his teeth. He felt that he could not wait here. He had to rush over and stop the Moon Fire Slave. Otherwise, Feng Ge would really be roasted by the flames!
Just as Luo Zheng was about to rush over, the Moon Fire Slave's body suddenly shook, and then it stopped in place.
Then, an extremely terrifying power burst out from its body!
The armor on the surface of Number 14's Moon Fire Slave was shattered in an instant. The Moon Fire Slave's mountain-like body directly collapsed, the flames extinguished, and the broken armor scattered on the ground …
"Dead, dead?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
After the scorching waves disappeared, Feng Ge finally felt a trace of coolness. He breathed a sigh of relief, stroked his burnt hair, and asked at the same time, "How did it die?"
"It should be the end!" Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of joy.
According to the Green Jade Spirit, after being attacked by a Hidden Beast and retreating to a certain distance, the end would start.
Now it seemed that there was more than one way to end the end!
The Moon Fire Slave's body was huge, and it rushed in without any intention of dodging. The surrounding Hidden Beasts all attacked.
Along the way, the Hidden Beasts attacked it countless times …
"When the power of the Hidden Beast's attack reaches the limit of being fatal, it will end automatically," Luo Zheng said to the Green Jade Spirit.
"It should be so!"
"It should be so!"
9527 and the Green Jade Spirit agreed with Luo Zheng's inference.
In the distance, Number 12 and Number 13 stood in place. In the helmets of the two Moon Fire Slaves, two faces were outlined by the flames. Their expressions were not very good.
"It's only half the distance, and the power of the end will directly kill Number 14 …" Number 12 murmured.
"We can't do it recklessly. Let's put out the lights and chase in," Number 13 said.

Chapter 3255
Number 12 Moon Fire Slave looked at the two humans in the distance. After a moment of silence, she said, "Extinguish the lamp. Let's go in!"
Genryū had sent the Moon Fire Slaves down to steal the Paramita Key from the two humans.
It was not their duty to explore this dangerous land and the temple in the dangerous land.
It would be best if they didn't enter this dangerous place. Now that they couldn't avoid it, they could only go in.
Number 13 took a big step forward and reached out to grab the lamp post.
The range of the Hidden Beasts was no more than two hundred feet. With the Moon Fire Slaves' size, they could easily touch the Spirit Concealing Lamp. With a pinch, the black fire was extinguished.
However, having a large body also had its disadvantages. When Number 13 reached out to extinguish the black fire, the surrounding Hidden Beasts also attacked the Moon Fire Slave, leaving traces of grey marks on its arms.
"Number 12, what do we do?" Number 13 turned around and raised his arms in front of Number 12.
Extinguishing one Spirit Concealing Lamp would cause it to be attacked so many times. If it was extinguished a few more times, Number 13 would suffer no less than Number 14!
Number 12 glanced at it and said, "This place was designed to only allow creatures within ten feet of themselves to pass through. We need to shrink."
The Moon Fire Slaves were originally a type of Fire Spirit. They could change their size, and even the armor they were wearing had the ability to do so.
After Number 13 nodded, the bodies of the two Moon Fire Slaves began to shrink. The armor on the surface of their bodies turned into a silver liquid that flowed continuously. After the Moon Fire Slaves shrank to a height of three meters, the armor on the surface of their bodies became like molten iron and turned back into armor on the surface of their bodies.
After shrinking their bodies, the reaction and speed of the two Moon Fire Slaves had increased by a large margin.
Number 13 took a step forward and rolled up a hot wind, heading straight for the second lamp post ….
"They're going to chase after us," said Feng Ge with pursed lips.
Just now, Number 14's Moon Fire Slave had made Feng Ge suffer. She naturally didn't want these monsters to get close.
"It'll take them a while to catch up. Let's just keep going," said Luo Zheng.
There was no way out now. They could only go in.
After the Moon Fire Slaves shrank in size, their speed was indeed fast, but they were still not as fast as the Hidden Beasts.
After extinguishing four lampposts in a row, No.13 had also been attacked three times. In addition to the attacks he had received before his body had shrunk, No.13 was a little worried.
"Once this damage is dealt, it'll be hard for me to deal with. Number 12, I'll take care of it," Number 13 said.
If Number 13 died here, then Number 12 would have to step in personally. Number 12 naturally didn't want to see this happen, so he waved his hand and said, "Go."
Just like Luo Zheng, No.12 returned to the cliff outside the desert, allowing the gray traces to erupt. After the calculation, it returned …
After Moon Fire Slaves No.12 and No.13 ventured into the lamppost for a short distance, they quickly realized that leaving the area to settle accounts would not work.
The extinguished lights came back on, and now there was almost no choice but to keep moving forward.
Luo Zheng had expected that the Moon Fire Slaves would encounter this problem. He didn't even bother to look back. He focused on dealing with the Hidden Beasts in front of him.
The Hidden Beast in front of him was a unicorn. When Luo Zheng jumped up high, the unicorn also jumped up and stabbed the horn on its head into his abdomen at an extremely high speed!
After taking this hit, Luo Zheng extinguished the black fire. He leaned against the lamppost and looked at the gray holes on his abdomen. These gray traces were probably enough to make him suffer.
Feng Ge followed. Looking at the gray holes, his face was full of heartache. Luo Zheng already had several wounds on his body that hadn't been dealt with yet. If all of them were dealt with, his body would probably collapse …
"Let me deal with the next lamp," Feng Ge said seriously.
Not far away, a Hidden Beast that looked like a civet cat was curled up on the ground. This Hidden Beast was obviously good at speed. If Luo Zheng couldn't dodge it, he was afraid that another wound would be added to his body.
"It's okay. I should be able to hold on," Luo Zheng shook his head.
After saying that, he turned into an arrow again, got rid of the civet cat, and rushed to the lamppost behind him.
As Feng Ge expected, two more scratches were added to Luo Zheng's body.
This civet cat didn't look big, but the two scratches were shining with a silver-gray light. It probably contained a lot of power.
In fact, the Hidden Beasts in the second half of the journey were much more powerful than in the first half. It would only get harder and harder.
After Luo Zheng passed three lampposts, there were more wounds on his body. At this time, the voice of the Green Jade Spirit sounded, "If there are a few more, I'm afraid it will be troublesome to deal with …"
"What can I do? There's no way out now. I can only resign myself to fate, "Luo Zheng answered while looking at the Hidden Beast in front of him. This Hidden Beast was a centipede with twelve pairs of wings.
"I just thought about it. It seems that there's something wrong with the calculation method. When the Green Grasshopper was fatally attacked by the Hidden Beast in the Sanqing Heaven, the calculation was not done immediately. Instead, it was done after it left for some distance. Once the calculation was done, it died immediately," the Green Jade Spirit said again.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to rush to the lamppost, but when he heard this, he suddenly stopped.
Although Luo Zheng acted courageously, it didn't mean that there was no fear in his heart.
The gray marks on the surface of his body were like a sword floating above his head, which could fall down at any time. No one would feel good about this feeling.
"According to the situation of the Moon Fire Slave, the Green Grasshopper should have died on the spot, not after it left for some distance," Luo Zheng said.
"Yes!" the Green Jade Spirit agreed, "The calculation method is a little different from what I thought before!"
"The result is the same," Luo Zheng answered faintly.
Although the Moon Fire Slave's strength was suppressed by the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven, Luo Zheng didn't think that he was much stronger than it.
"But think about it. If a person is seriously injured, what will happen if he stays in this area?" the Green Jade Spirit asked again.
Just now, the Green Jade Spirit guessed that the third method of calculation was time.
"You mean, the calculation will be done when the time is up?" Luo Zheng's mind flashed with a glimmer of light.
"This is very likely," the Green Jade Spirit nodded.
"If so …"
Luo Zheng turned his head and glanced at the Moon Fire Slaves in the distance.
The Moon Fire Slaves' situation wasn't much better than his. They also had to be calculated after taking too much damage.
Thinking of this, Luo Zheng stopped moving forward. If what the Green Jade Spirit said was true, he could try staying here for a while.
The Moon Fire Slaves behind him were delighted when they saw Luo Zheng stop. No. 13 extinguished the Hidden Soul Lamps one by one like a hot knife through butter.

Chapter 3256
Even though Feng Ge approved of Luo Zheng stopping, she was still concerned about the movement of the Moon Fire Slaves.
But when she saw the Moon Fire Slaves stopping, Feng Ge let out a sigh of relief, 'They have stopped too. It seems there is a limit to the strength they can withstand …'
When Luo Zheng saw this, he felt slightly more at ease. The other party had stopped too. It was impossible for the Moon Fire Slaves to catch up to him.
But this peace of mind only lasted for a few breaths of time before the Moon Fire Slaves started advancing again!
After Number 13 rested, it was Number 12's turn.
With the two Moon Fire Slaves taking turns, they naturally had a huge advantage.
"It's my turn now!" Feng Ge said to Luo Zheng.
Even though Feng Ge could not utilize the Chaotic Origin Spirit in her current form, her fleshy body had refined a large amount of Body Dipper Jades. Her fleshy body was not weak.
Before Luo Zheng could speak, Feng Ge frowned and said: "I am not just a decoration!"
She knew that Luo Zheng was not willing to act because he was worried about her safety. But Feng Ge could not accept Luo Zheng taking on everything by himself. Furthermore, Luo Zheng needed her now.
"Xiu!"
Feng Ge took the lead and flew over.
That twelve-winged centipede was originally on guard against Luo Zheng. Feng Ge suddenly flew over and found a relatively distant empty space. Even though the centipede had an indescribably fast reaction speed, Feng Ge still managed to extinguish the black flames before it could!
Feng Ge turned around. Her lips curled up. She gave Luo Zheng a cheeky smile: "How is it?"
Luo Zheng gave her a thumbs up, "Very good!"
"Then let's continue!"
Feng Ge did not stop. After observing for a moment, she continued rushing towards the next lamp post.
Both parties continued advancing within this patch of Spirit Concealing Lamps. Their speed was about the same, and the distance between them did not decrease at all.
After a period of time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a tremor coming from the grey marks on his body. All the wounds that had accumulated on the surface of his body suddenly erupted!
Luo Zheng had absorbed a huge amount of Body Cleansing Dipper Jades. His Chaotic Origin Spirit had almost reached the Late Stage. The toughness of his fleshy body had far surpassed those at the same level. But when the gray imprints on his body erupted, Luo Zheng let out a groan. "Pu", he spurted out a mouthful of blood.
Just a moment ago, the amount of energy had exceeded the upper limit of what the Chaotic Origin Spirits could withstand. It caused all the Chaotic Origin Spirits to fall into a fatigued state. Nevertheless, the True Dao Intent that followed had repaired the Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Even though the Chaotic Origin Spirit was only fatigued for an instant, the overflowing energy still caused significant damage to Luo Zheng's body.
It was also because Luo Zheng had absorbed the six-mark Blood-Fixing Mysterious Seed and relied on the Ancient God bloodline to transform his body. Otherwise, just the overflowing power alone would have been enough to make Luo Zheng suffer.
"It's my turn!"
Since those gray imprints had been settled, Luo Zheng replaced Feng Ge.
During the process of extinguishing the Spirit Concealment Lamp, Feng Ge had left behind two gray imprints on his body. His body was not as strong as Luo Zheng's. Luck played a part in dealing with these two gray imprints.
Fortunately, they had already covered four-fifths of the distance. The exit of this circular desert was not far away. With Luo Zheng's speed, he could easily leave the Moon Fire Slaves far behind.
…
At the bottom of the flat desert, there were many narrow and long caves spread out.
Within the caves, there were more than ten enormous rats running wildly.
These rats were native to the Seventeenth Layer World. They were called the Mox Rats.
Once upon a time, the Ear Rat Clan also wanted to 'submit' to the Mox Rats.
This clan hoped that the Mox Rats of the Seventeenth Layer World would recognize them as their distant relatives. But the Mox Rats did not care about the Ear Rats.
More than ten Mox Rats came out from the caves and arrived at the edge of the circular desert.
"Zhi! They have all entered! "
"The three Moon Fire Slaves have entered too!"
"We have to move faster!"
The Mox Rats suddenly spread out and began to draw a formation on the ground.
More than ten Mox Rats worked closely together. In less than the time it takes for a stick of incense to burn, a huge formation had appeared on the desert.
One of the Mox Rats took out an invisible object. It was a circular crystal. Under the refraction of light, one could barely make out its spherical shape. But under the light, the entire sphere disappeared completely, as if it did not exist in this world.
When the Mox Rat placed this invisible object in the center of the formation, the entire formation was activated. Unlike the other formations that overflowed with light, this formation disappeared in front of the Mox Rats the moment it was activated.
"Zhi zhi zhi, masters that exist in the void, quickly descend!" the leader of the Mox Rats cried out.
An invisible wave of energy struck down from the sky!
"Bang!"
When this invisible wave crashed down, the southern part of the Seventeenth Layer World shook fiercely. The Mox Rats that had gathered around the formation were all sent flying.
Two red balls of light appeared in the center of the formation. Within the red balls of light, there were actually two humanoid figures.
"Zhi zhi, Master has descended!"
"Master, someone is trying to enter the temple! Zhi! "
The Mox Rats said, scrambling to be the first to speak.
"Just because someone entered the temple, you summoned us?" a cold voice came from one of the red balls of light.
"Zhi! Those two are not simple. The Meta-Spirit race has even sent out their Moonfire Slaves! "another Mox Rat said.
"Moonfire Slaves …"
"Since they were willing to send Moonfire Slaves down, they are indeed extraordinary."
"Could it be that the key has really appeared?"
In the past, they had racked their brains to fight over this temple, but in the end, none of them had succeeded.
The reason for their failure was still that Paramita Key!
"Zhi, perhaps. Master, you have to hurry. They have already been in there for a long time!" the Mox Rat said.
These Mox Rats were the same as the Elephantine race. Their purpose was to monitor this temple.
The figures within the two red balls of light looked at each other, then floated toward the entrance of the circular desert.
When the dozen or so Mox Rats saw their masters enter, they suddenly let out shrill squeaks. Hundreds and thousands of Mox Rats surged out of the caves in the desert. These Mox Rats swarmed around the two red balls of light and entered the desert like a tide.
… …
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's figure was like a bolt of lightning. He flitted to the side of the lamppost and extinguished another ball of black fire.
He raised his head and looked ahead. Finally, he felt a hint of relief.
The exit of the desert was not far away. He only needed to deal with three lampposts.
However, there were not many gray marks on Luo Zheng's body. There were only two of them. The later the concealed beasts were, the larger they were, and the stronger they should be. However, their speed could not keep up, so the difficulty of passing through them decreased.
The two Moonfire Slaves had already passed through the center of the desert. When they passed by the disintegrated Moonfire Slave No. 14, they took his armor and spirit core.
The spirit core was the foundation of a Moonfire Slave. As long as the spirit core was not destroyed, the Moonfire Slave was an immortal existence.
Just as they were moving forward, a crimson light suddenly flashed at the entrance of the circular desert. Two blood-red balls of light appeared at the entrance.

Chapter 3257
When Luo Zheng saw the red balls of light for the first time, he had already judged that they were probably not weaker than the Moon Fire Slaves.
At the same time, Luo Zheng suddenly felt the Green Jade Spirit's emotions fluctuate quite a bit. It was a kind of anger that couldn't be suppressed.
"That's the Wu Kong Clan," said the Green Jade Spirit.
When the Green Jade Spirit first stepped into the Nirvana Realm, it was very powerful. In a short period of time, it became one of the top ten civilizations. The Winged King also became an important and powerful existence in the Nirvana Realm. But because of the conflict with the Wu Kong Clan, it had no choice but to hide under the black pool in the Thirteenth Heaven Dark Domain …
The conflict between the Green Jade Civilization and the Wu Kong Clan could be imagined.
"That's the form of the Wu Kong Clan? Why does it look so similar to Genryū? "Luo Zheng looked down and sized up the red balls in the distance.
In the iron house in the energy whirlpool, the Shapeshifting Magic Block had once turned into Genryū's appearance. It was a round ball.
The Moon Fire Slaves came from Genryū, but the two red balls were more similar.
"Hmph, the Wu Kong Clan isn't a civilization. They are a group of beings that believe in the Way of Wu Kong gathered together. Or rather, these beings are all traitors of the big clans," said the Green Jade Spirit.
When the Wu Kong Clan was mentioned, the Green Jade Spirit's face was full of hatred.
"So that's how it is …" Luo Zheng nodded slightly.
Luo Zheng didn't think that when he broke in here with a Nirvana Key, it would alarm the powerful beings of Upper Heaven.
The two Moon Fire Slaves naturally also noticed the two red balls at the entrance.
"Wu Kong Spirit, the two traitors have appeared," Number Twelve's voice became cold.
"Should we get rid of the traitors?" asked Number Thirteen.
Genryū couldn't tolerate traitors the most. No matter where they met traitors, they would fight to the death.
"Forget it. Getting the Nirvana Key is more important. Wake Number Fourteen up and use my stardust to recover its power," said Number Twelve.
They originally planned to get the Nirvana Key and return home, then wake Number Fourteen up.
Now that the Wu Kong Clan had appeared, not only did they have to get the Nirvana Key, they also had to fight against the two Voids.
The Moon Fire Slave needed help, so it could only awaken Number 14 here. The price was that it had to pay was the extremely precious stardust.
Just as Number 13 hurriedly took out the spirit core, Number 12 comforted him, "Don't worry, don't be too anxious. These two Voidless Spirits won't be able to catch up for a while …"
The Voidless Spirit would also face the obstruction of the Hidden Beast.
But before Number Twelve could finish, a Mothmouse suddenly squeaked.
Like a tide, the Mottled Rats rushed toward the lamppost.
Although the hidden beasts tied to the lampposts were powerful, there was only one of them. In the face of so many Minute Rats, they did not have a good way to deal with them. Even if they managed to kill dozens of Minute Rats, there were still more Minute Rats to fill the gap.
"Phew …"
The tide of rats rushed towards the Soul Concealing Lamp and used their bodies to extinguish the black flames. Then, without any intention of stopping, they rushed towards the next lamp post like a tide.
One …
Two …
Three …
The black flames on the lampposts were quickly extinguished, and the two Voidless Spirits moved forward unimpeded. Their speed was more than ten times faster than Luo Zheng's and the Moon Fire Slave's groups.
When Luo Zheng noticed this scene, he was slightly surprised. At this speed, it would only take an incense stick's worth of time to pass through the circular desert area.
He gathered his thoughts and focused on dealing with the hidden beasts in front of him. After passing through three lampposts, he finally reached the edge of the desert and stepped into the circular grassland in front of him.
It was as if there were two different spaces between the connected circular rings. After Luo Zheng and Feng Ge entered, they directly disappeared.
On the other side, Number 13 continuously sprinkled stardust on Number 14's spirit core. After absorbing enough stardust, green flames burst out from the spirit core and once again transformed into Number 14's body. The originally collapsed armor was also replaced one by one.
"Oh, why did the Voidless Spirits enter?" After Number 14 recovered his senses, he saw two red balls in the distance that were constantly advancing.
"Prepare for battle," Number 12 said.
Seeing the Wu Kong Clan easily advancing with the help of the Mottled Rats, Number 12 was very displeased. It seemed that he had to get rid of these two Voidless Spirits before he could snatch the key from the two humans.
However, the two Voidless Spirits had no intention of approaching the Moon Fire Slaves. After advancing for a distance, they actually commanded the Mottled Rats to make a detour around the Moon Fire Slaves.
One of the figures in the red ball made a provocative gesture towards the Moon Fire Slaves before leaving.
The three Moon Fire Slaves could only watch as the Voidless Spirits passed them. They had no choice but to obediently extinguish the lampposts one by one.
… …
After Luo Zheng entered the second circular grassland area, the grey marks on his body automatically settled.
Although the power of the settlement was strong, it was still within an acceptable range. Moreover, he couldn't care too much right now. The Wu Kong Clan would soon catch up.
"Let's go!"
Luo Zheng grabbed Feng Ge. With a flash of lightning behind his back, he flew up.
From the outside, the grassland in the circular area looked no different from the grassland in the south. However, after entering, he realized that the grassland was filled with layers of thick white fog.
Although Luo Zheng knew that the white fog was strange, he didn't want to stay at the entrance for too long. He just flapped his thunder wings and shuttled forward in a straight line.
If there were no obstacles, this distance would only take a few breaths of time!
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The white fog was as thick as milk, blocking their vision.
He kept shuttling forward for dozens of breaths of time. At this speed, it was enough for him to leap three or four times in the gourd-shaped area. However, he still hadn't passed through the white fog!
"What's going on?" Feng Ge asked in confusion.
"Something's wrong. We shouldn't be moving forward," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
"I'm afraid it's not that easy to pass through this area," Feng Ge said, shaking his head.
Ever since Feng Ge got the body of the Pure Witch, he was invincible in the Nirvana Realm. Even the creatures in the dark domain couldn't do anything to him.
However, the first area of this temple was already so dangerous. What about the second area?
Because of this, Feng Ge was even more curious about this temple.
What kind of civilization had set up this area and built this temple? What exactly was hidden in the temple?
Luo Zheng's mind was filled with thoughts of how to pass through. After persisting in flying forward for a distance, he descended from the white fog.
He flew close to the grass that was dozens of feet high. By descending like this, he should be able to leave the white fog very quickly. However, after descending for thousands of feet, there was still white fog below him. He couldn't touch the bottom!

Chapter 3258
Clearly, the white fog was a huge illusory realm.
At this moment, Luo Zheng missed the Divine Eye. The Divine Eye did not contain a powerful energy, but the sacred art it contained was extremely useful.
That True Vision could see through almost all illusory realms. It's a pity that he was forced to burn it during the battle with the Evil Deities.
Just as Luo Zheng paused, the white fog behind him began moving.
The white fog formed into the shape of a human. This human figure held a huge saber and slashed down at Luo Zheng!
"Hu …"
This white fog appeared too suddenly. By the time Luo Zheng reacted, the huge saber was already inches away from him.
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng subconsciously extended his hand to protect himself.
"Kuang!"
The energy contained in this huge saber formed from white fog was so sharp. At the moment it slashed down on his arm, Luo Zheng felt the Chaotic Origin Spirit in his body trembling violently. It had actually consumed half of his Chaotic Origin Spirit!
'So powerful!'
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. He grabbed onto Feng Ge and flew backwards. At the same time, he kicked out at this human-shaped white fog.
According to Luo Zheng's thinking, this human-shaped white fog that could slash out with this saber was definitely not ordinary. Who would have thought that with a light kick, the human-shaped white fog dissipated with a 'hua'.
'Not good!'
Luo Zheng felt something amiss. The Thunder Wings on his back let out a 'pi pa' sound, causing him to move half a chi upwards.
That human-shaped white fog actually slashed down from the other side. Fortunately, Luo Zheng's reaction was quick. If this saber were to hit him again, his Chaotic Origin Spirit would likely be exhausted once again!
At the moment when he dodged the second saber, Feng Ge grasped the opportunity to grab at the human-shaped white fog.
Under the same circumstances, the human-shaped white fog dissipated with a single grab!
At the moment it dissipated, Feng Ge immediately shouted: "Luo Zheng, above!"
Luo Zheng did not have time to react. He subconsciously grabbed upwards, causing the white fog to dissipate once again. But just as it dissipated, the white fog appeared behind him.
"Hua hua hua hua hua hua …"
The human-shaped white fog holding the broadsword kept appearing and dispersing. Luo Zheng and Feng Ge didn't stop at all. They didn't even have a chance to communicate.
After about the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, the dispersing white fog finally disappeared.
Feng Ge and Luo Zheng were both gasping for breath. That exchange just now had consumed a lot of their physical strength.
"Completely defeated?" Feng Ge asked.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I'm not sure …"
As soon as he finished speaking, three more figures appeared around him. The weapons used by these figures were different. One of them held a sword, another an axe, and the last a spear.
Looking at the three human-shaped white mists, a trace of panic appeared on Feng Ge's face.
One human-shaped white mist was enough to make Luo Zheng flustered, let alone three!
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed slightly as he gently supported Feng Ge. His corporeal body had already undergone a transformation, and he rapidly transformed into three heads and six arms!
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh!"
The three human-shaped white mists charged straight at Luo Zheng. Although the attacks of these human-shaped white mists were fierce and fierce, their main bodies collapsed upon contact.
After grasping the appropriate amount of strength, Luo Zheng ignored their weapons and defeated their main bodies before they could attack him!
Luo Zheng's three heads were really attentive and alert. He could capture any attack that came at him from any angle. In comparison, it was much easier for him to deal with the human-shaped white fog than it was for him.
After the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, the three human-shaped white mists disappeared again.
Before Luo Zheng could breathe a sigh of relief, nine more human-shaped white mists appeared.
Just like before, the human-shaped white mists held different weapons. Sabers, spears, swords, halberds, and axes …
After observing the weapons in their hands, Luo Zheng's mind was slightly moved.
He thought of the illusion that Nuwa showed him.
His grandfather was also a member of the human race. He founded the large Jiuli tribe. Although he was called a Weapon Grandmaster, these weapons should be the inheritance of the memories of the 77th civilization.
It seemed that the nearby Deity Temple was indeed related to the human race!
After the nine human-shaped white mists appeared, the pressure on Luo Zheng increased significantly.
Facing the rapid and concentrated attacks, Feng Ge could not provide much help.
"Kuang!"
An axe hacked out from the side, striking Luo Zheng's arm.
Under the agitation of the Chaotic Origin Spirit, the True Dao Intent rapidly recovered.
Just as it recovered to 80%, a white mist formed into a sharp arrow and shot towards Luo Zheng. The released energy was once again absorbed by the Chaotic Origin Spirit. Currently, the Chaotic Origin Spirit was only at 30% of its original strength!
Before the True Meaning of Dao could be repaired, another sledgehammer came crashing down from above.
"Hong!"
When this huge hammer came down, Luo Zheng's Chaotic Origin Spirit finally became fatigued. He only felt a white light flashing by. It was like being struck by lightning!
Even so, Luo Zheng still gritted his teeth and evaded the attacks of the other human-shaped white mists. It was just that his body was swaying and could not withstand the attacks!
"Luo Zheng, let go of me!"
Seeing this, Feng Ge wanted to struggle free from Luo Zheng's hands.
She did not know how to fly. Not only could she not help, she had even become an obstacle for Luo Zheng!
But Luo Zheng was clear that if he were to throw Feng Ge down, she would most likely die facing these human-shaped white mists alone. How could he fulfill Feng Ge's wish?
"Shua!"
Just as Luo Zheng escaped from that region, those human-shaped white mists followed closely behind like specters. Their attacks did not stop at all.
Under such circumstances, Luo Zheng could no longer evade.
Just as those weapons were about to hit Luo Zheng, a red fist imprint appeared on the surface of every human-shaped white mist.
"Bo bo bo bo bo …"
The fist imprint exploded. The human-shaped white mists surrounding Luo Zheng dissipated at the same time.
It would not be easy to completely exterminate these human-shaped white mists.
Before, when Luo Zheng dealt with them, he killed them repeatedly for about half an hour before they disappeared permanently.
The dissipated white mists reappeared in the blink of an eye and continued to rush toward Luo Zheng.
"Bo bo bo bo bo …"
Another nine red fist imprints appeared on the chests of the human-shaped white mists, and they were defeated again.
These human-shaped white mists persistently appeared, reappeared, and reappeared again. They were repeatedly killed by the red fist imprints …
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge looked around with astonishment. They wanted to know who had helped them.
But this white mist was so thick that it could not be dispersed. Even though it was close at hand, they still could not find it!
After killing each human-shaped white mist dozens of times, the nine human-shaped white mists finally disappeared.
But Luo Zheng and Feng Ge did not feel relaxed. The two of them recognized a thread of red light in the white mist. That red light grew brighter and brighter until it finally charged out of the white mist and appeared in front of Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
That was one of the two Wu Kong spirits of the Wu Kong clan.
"You can't even defeat the mist spirits, yet you dare to enter this dangerous place. You two are really daring …" A soft female voice came from the red ball.
Luo Zheng frowned but did not refute. This "red ball" was not without reason.
He relied on his powerful physical body and the methods of a pure person to think that he could do whatever he wanted in the Hidden Domain. It was indeed a bit reckless to enter this dangerous place without any understanding.

Chapter 3259
Facing the slowly approaching Spirit of Wu Kong, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge both had wary expressions.
The Way of Wu Kong that the Wu Kong Clan followed was very strange to begin with. It was very difficult to guess their intentions.
The red ball floated in front of Luo Zheng and slowly stopped. Looking at it from such a close distance, Luo Zheng found that the inside of the ball was filled with bright red blood.
A human figure was reflected in the blood. This human figure slowly floated outwards. First, an arm stretched out of the red ball.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge looked closely. What stretched out was a piece of eerie white bone!
The moment the white bone left the red ball, the blood in the ball seemed to boil and gathered towards the white bone. When the bright red blood gathered on the arm bone, it turned into meridians, flesh, and blood.
The new flesh on the arm was red one moment, but the next moment, it became white and tender.
Other than the arm, the skull, neck, chest, and ribs all came out of the red ball. The blood also started to form the organs, eyes, ears, mouth, and nose. This was a human woman. In terms of beauty, she was not below Feng Ge.
"I still admire your courage. You were able to lure the Moon Fire Slave down. Do you have the Paramita Key to this temple?"
As the human woman spoke, her gaze swept towards Luo Zheng's hands. When she noticed Luo Zheng's right hand drawing lines, her eyes flashed. She reached out and grabbed at Luo Zheng's right hand.
Luo Zheng's hand retracted like lightning. His expression was wary.
The human woman did not mind. She smiled and said, "Since you and I are of the same race, you should not be so wary."
"Who is of the same race as you?" Feng Ge retorted. "You are just a pile of flesh that grew out of your bones!"
Hearing this, the human woman's expression froze slightly. Then she said with a smile, "Although I am flesh that grew out of my bones, I am more human than the pig-faced monster."
"You …" Feng Ge frowned coldly. Her pure body was indeed the body of a pig-faced monster.
This human female didn't pay attention to Feng Ge at all. She got straight to the point and said to Luo Zheng, "I will give you two paths. The first is to submit to us and join the Wu Kong Clan. I will escort you into the shen temple."
The woman of the Human Clan was also knowledgeable. She had already seen that Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were both Pure Witches, and they were obviously different from ordinary Pure Witches. Such people were indeed qualified to join the Wu Kong Clan.
"What about the second way?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The human woman smiled and said: "I'll kill you and leave one of your hands in this world."
The key to opening the temple was in Luo Zheng's hands. The reason why she saved Luo Zheng and Feng Ge was because she cherished talents.
"Our Wu Kong Clan is not a place that any Tom, Dick or Harry can join. Become one of us, and we will let you see the truth of this world … How about it?"
The human woman asked as she twisted her body and continued to approach Luo Zheng. Below her waist was not legs, but a snake tail covered in scales.
The Nuwa Clan …
Luo Zheng's heart jumped slightly. What was the relationship between this woman, the human race, and the Nuwa Clan?
Seeing that the woman was only a few feet away from him, Luo Zheng suddenly smiled and responded: "How about it!"
As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, the power in his body exploded wildly.
Facing the descending Wu Kong Spirit, Luo Zheng did not hold back at all. This punch was almost all the power in his body as it smashed into her body.
"Boom!"
This punch smashed into the woman's body, creating a strong vibration. This vibration spread out along the bones in her body, shattering the flesh and blood all over her body into powder.
But to Luo Zheng's surprise, the woman's bones were so sturdy that not a single bone was broken after taking Luo Zheng's punch!
"Go!"
Using the power of this punch, Luo Zheng flew backwards and quickly burrowed into the thick white mist.
Her skeleton retreated back into the red ball and became a blurry figure inside the red ball. A sharp voice came from inside the red ball, "You refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit. You're courting death …"
This woman's voice was very penetrating, and naturally transmitted clearly into Luo Zheng's mind.
"She's probably going to catch up," Feng Ge said worriedly.
"Don't be afraid of her," Luo Zheng said.
This woman had descended from the sky, and her power was suppressed. She may not be able to take him down.
Just now, she could easily defeat the figure in the white mist. It did not mean that she was very strong, but that she knew this area very well and had prepared beforehand!
And after the white mist was defeated, it did not seem to appear again. Luo Zheng was not too afraid.
As to joining the Wu Kong Clan, that was even more impossible … …
"This second area is called the Mist Killing Array. I helped you break the killing trap, but it will be difficult for you to walk out … …"
"To be chosen by our Wu Kong Clan, it can be said that you have cultivated a few lifetimes of good fortune. Why do you have to … …"
"… …"
This woman's voice had a unique charm.
If one's soul was only at the Seventeenth Heaven, they would definitely not be able to resist.
However, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge had absorbed a large amount of soul crystals, and had reached the Indigo Soul Realm. Naturally, they were indifferent to that voice.
"That woman's voice is really annoying … …" Feng Ge complained.
"The most important thing now is to find a way to leave. We seem to be going in circles," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
There was nothing to refer to in the white mist. If they kept going in circles, they would not be able to walk out for the rest of their lives.
Feng Ge pursed his lips and pondered. The things that could be used in the Nirvana Realm were indeed very limited … …
"This is not the Dark Domain. You pure witches can't use your advantage. Fighting against us is completely futile. If you fall into the hands of the Moon Fire Slaves, your end will only be worse … …"
Just as Feng Ge was still thinking, that woman's voice came through the white mist again.
"Light … …"
A thought flashed through Feng Ge's mind. She quickly said, "Light is straight. We can go with the light!"
This area was not big. As long as they found the right direction, they could pass through it in the blink of an eye.
After Feng Ge finished speaking, he reached out his hand and lightly pinched it. He flicked it forward, and a thin and long ray of light shot forward. Even in the vast white mist, this blazing white ray of light was as dazzling as a substance.
Luo Zheng blinked, and a trace of joy appeared on his face. "I didn't think of that. It's worth a try!"
"Crackle!"
The lightning wings on his back exploded, and he had already turned into an electric arc, flying around the straight ray of light.
After moving forward for a short distance, the ray of light was actually refracted in the space. A part of the ray of light was actually deflected and shot in another direction.
Obviously, the reason why Luo Zheng was lost was because there was a problem with this space!

Chapter 3260
Luo Zheng had already lost his sense of direction in the white fog.
The ray of light that Feng Ge shot out was not aimed at the exit of this circular area, but at the right side of this area.
After reaching the right side, the two of them once again confirmed their direction. Feng Ge stretched out his hand and gently pinched, and another ray of light extended into the distance.
This time, Luo Zheng followed the ray of light and flew at high speed. After a few breaths, the surrounding white fog receded. The two of them had clearly passed through this white fog.
The woman in the red sphere clearly did not expect Luo Zheng to rush out of the Killing Fog Array so quickly. She was still trying to persuade him.
Luo Zheng naturally did not respond. He and Feng Ge left from the exit on one side of the circular area and entered the last area, a flat desert.
As soon as they entered the desert, Feng Ge pointed into the distance. "Luo Zheng, look!"
On the other side of the desert, there was a huge temple.
The location of this temple was the same as Luo Zheng's previous judgment.
While looking into the distance, Luo Zheng's gaze quickly fell on a statue in front of the temple.
That statue was tall and sturdy, wearing luxurious clothes, and had a faint self-confidence on its face. However, he did not know who this statue was …
"Let's go!"
That Spirit of Void was so familiar with this area. It would not be difficult to pass through this Killing Fog Array. If it chased after them, it would be troublesome.
Based on the difficulty of the previous two areas, it would not be easy to pass through the last desert!
Due to the fact that they had just flown into the white fog, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge simply walked through it.
"Da da da …"
The two of them walked, and the sound of their footsteps echoed in the empty desert.
Their speed was also very fast. In the blink of an eye, the two of them had arrived at the center of the desert.
Just as Luo Zheng was rejoicing that there was no danger in this area, the ground beneath his feet suddenly shook.
"Dong!"
Not far away, a huge footprint suddenly appeared!
"Dong!"
As soon as the first footprint appeared, a second one followed.
In front of the two of them, there seemed to be a transparent giant beast. Judging from the extent of its footprints, if they were to step into it, they would definitely die.
"Retreat!"
Luo Zheng felt a gust of cold wind pressing down on his head. He grabbed Feng Ge and jumped back abruptly.
Boom!
A huge footprint landed where they were just a moment ago. Looking at the sunken footprint, Feng Ge felt a chill down his spine.
Strangely enough, when Luo Zheng and Feng Ge retreated to the front half of the Gobi Desert, the footprints disappeared. What was even stranger was that the footprints on the Gobi Desert started to recover. In the blink of an eye, those deep abyss-like footprints disappeared, and what appeared in front of them was another stretch of Gobi Desert.
The Gobi of Pingtan.
"The footprints didn't follow us," Feng Ge said.
"There seems to be an invisible giant …" Luo Zheng thought for a while and then said, "Stay where you are. I'll try again!"
Judging from the size of the footprints, the invisible giant wasn't particularly tall.
Luo Zheng spread his wings and tried to fly through the air!
"Crackle!"
"Whoosh!"
Just when Luo Zheng was halfway through the Gobi Desert, there was another gust of wind above his head.
"Whoosh …"
A huge monster actually stepped down from the sky. It really was an invisible giant foot. Luo Zheng was stepped on by this rapidly descending giant foot and was about to be pressed into the Gobi Desert.
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth. His body suddenly twisted, and with a flap of his thunder wings, he forcefully rolled out from the side of the giant foot.
"Boom!"
As soon as Luo Zheng jumped out, a huge footprint was imprinted on the ground.
"Whoosh …"
Before he could react, another large foot stomped down on his head.
Luo Zheng clenched his teeth and flew forward as if he was throwing caution to the wind. Every time he dodged a giant foot, he tried his best to fly higher. But just as he rose a little, the giant foot pressed him down again.
As he went deeper and deeper into the Gobi Desert, the invisible giant foot was endless.
Just now, Luo Zheng had judged that there was a giant in the Gobi Desert. But judging from the frequency of the giant foot's appearance, there were probably thousands of invisible giants lining up to step on him …
Seeing that his altitude was constantly being pressed down by the giant foot, he was afraid that if he continued to fly forward, he would die. He could only clench his teeth and quickly retreat.
After leaving the central axis of the Gobi Desert, the invisible giant foot also disappeared. The dense footprints also quickly filled in and disappeared …
Standing beside Feng Ge, Luo Zheng looked helpless. "It's impossible to break through this Gobi Desert."
"There should be a trick." Feng Ge looked around, trying to find a clue.
But the surroundings were completely barren. How could he find any clues?
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng lightly stepped on the ground, and a piece of the Gobi Desert under his feet shattered.
"I'll try to pass through the ground."
Luo Zheng said again.
Although he knew that the possibility of passing through was very small, he could only try to pass through this Gobi Desert. After all, his destination was right in front of him.
But at this moment, that soft and charming voice leisurely sounded. "Don't waste your energy. How can you pass through the Gobi Desert in this Gobi Desert?"
Two red spheres appeared at the entrance of the Gobi Desert. The woman searched for a while, but couldn't find Luo Zheng's figure, so she directly entered the third Gobi Desert. Naturally, she saw Luo Zheng and Feng Ge at a glance.
Feng Ge and Luo Zheng's expressions changed slightly. They didn't expect them to catch up so quickly.
"I'll give you one last chance," the woman in the red sphere continued. "Engrave these two marks into your body, and I'll treat you as one of my own. Otherwise, I'll kill you without mercy!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the blood in the red sphere flowed. Two masses of blood floated toward Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what this was, once it was absorbed, he could roughly guess the consequences.
Luo Zheng exhaled. He naturally couldn't submit to the Wu Kong Clan. There was bound to be a hard battle today.
"Kill without mercy? Under the suppression of the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven, are you sure you have the right to speak to me like this? "Luo Zheng straightened his back, and a great power spread out from him.
He knew that the Moon Fire Slaves and Wu Kong Spirits were difficult to deal with. If he could avoid them, he naturally wouldn't want to fight them head-on. But the situation was different when there was no way out.
"It's really a pity to kill such a genius … …"
After feeling Luo Zheng's aura, the woman in the red sphere sighed again. Then she said to the Wu Kong Spirit beside her, "Do it. Try to capture the men alive, and kill the women as you wish."
Then, the surface of the two red spheres began to ripple with spirals.
Just as they were about to attack, the Moon Fire Slave suddenly appeared behind the Wu Kong Spirit. The moment the thirteenth Moon Fire Slave entered the Gobi Desert, its huge body suddenly turned and stepped on a Wu Kong Spirit.
"Boom … …"

Chapter 3261
The moment Moon Fire Slave No. 13 stepped down, the green flames in its body flowed along its leg and poured down towards the Voidless Spirit.
"Whoosh …"
The green flames covered the surface of the red ball and sizzled. It was trying its best to erode the red ball.
Moon Fire Slaves were elemental creatures created by Genryū's fire spirit. The green flames that formed their bodies were called "Illusory Golden Fire." Genryū's fire spirit's control of flames had reached an extreme level. The Illusory Golden Fire was the embodiment of the fire spirit's peak.
Although the Moon Fire Slaves' strength was suppressed by the Seventeenth Level of Heaven, the power of the Illusory Golden Fire was still not to be underestimated.
"Burn it to ashes, hahaha …" Number 13 stomped the red ball firmly under his feet and unleashed flames without any restraint.
Although the surface of the red ball was sizzling, the Illusory Golden Fire couldn't erode its insides at all.
"Hum …"
"Hum …"
"Hum …"
At this moment, everyone heard three buzzing sounds coming from the red ball.
"Whoosh!"
A blood pillar shot out from the red ball. The blood pillar flowed rapidly and turned into a huge blood hand. It grabbed Number 13 and lifted him up high before smashing him on the ground.
"Boom! Boom … "
Under the continuous smashing, the armor on Number 13's body fell off piece by piece. The green flames in its body also started to lose shape.
Number 14, who was following closely behind, saw this scene and roared before charging towards the red ball.
However, before Number 14 could even get close, another pillar of blood shot out from the red ball. This pillar of blood also transformed into a giant hand, which grabbed Number 14 with lightning speed and began to smash him violently.
The two Moon Fire Slaves crashed into each other and the ground at times.
Although it was difficult for the Moon Fire Slaves to be truly injured due to their form, such a fierce smashing would still consume the energy in their spirit cores. In the end, they would transform into spirit cores when they couldn't transform anymore.
As for destroying the spirit cores of the Moon Fire Slaves, it was difficult for an ordinary Nirvana Realm creature to do so. These Moon Fire Slaves had died time and time again and turned into spirit cores. They were rescued by the Meta-Spirit Clan again and again and returned to their original form.
However, their opponent now was the Wu Kong Clan. They had a way to completely destroy the spirit cores.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
As the green flames on the surface of the two Moon Fire Slaves were getting weaker and weaker, a deep voice suddenly came from not far away. "Stop!"
The twelfth Moon Fire Slave held a red sphere in its hand, and twelve different-shaped Illusory Gold Starfire floated around its hand. Each Illusory Gold Starfire had a thin thread of fire, forming a unique formation.
This was the Illusory Golden Flame Explosion Array, one of the most powerful techniques of the Moon Fire Slaves.
Just now, No.13 and No.14 were fighting with the Voidless Spirit, while No.12 was dealing with the other Voidless Spirit. No.12 had just subdued the Voidless Spirit when he saw his subordinates in danger.
Left with no choice, it could only threaten him with the Voidless Spirit in its hands.
Once Number 12's Illusory Gold Flame Explosion Formation exploded, even the red sphere would not be able to protect the living beings within.
"Release her from the formation, and I will stop." A charming voice came from the sphere. The one who was smashing the two Moon Fire Slaves back and forth was the human girl who had saved Luo Zheng.
The twelve Illusory Gold Starfire floated into No.12's body. With a light toss, the red sphere in its hand was thrown to the ground.
After the two bloody hands released the two Moon Fire Slaves, the red sphere quickly retracted back into the red sphere.
A skeleton floated out from the red sphere. This skeleton had taken Luo Zheng's powerful attack without any damage, but because it had been holding onto the Moon Fire Slaves formed by the Illusory Gold Starfire, there were scars on its bones. The power of the Illusory Gold Starfire was evident.
"What a pity … …"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng's face showed disappointment.
If both sides could be injured, that would be the scene that Luo Zheng would be most happy to see.
Stopping like this was a result that both sides could accept, but for Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, it was bad news!
As the flesh and blood on the skeleton condensed, the skeleton turned back into the appearance of the human race woman. The other Wukong spirit retreated behind the human race woman. The human race woman said coldly, "If you want to decide the winner here, we will naturally accompany you!"
The Wu Kong Clan and the Yuan Ling Clan had fought for who knew how many years. In the great majority of situations, the Yuan Ling Clan had the advantage, and even had the absolute advantage over the Wu Kong Clan.
But the Wu Kong Tribe had never retreated, and to a certain extent, Genryū could not do anything to the Wu Kong Tribe.
No.12 Moon Fire Slave looked coldly at the human girl and said, "I'm not in the mood to fight here. Our goal is to capture that brat and bring him back. It has nothing to do with you!"
The Moon Fire Slave only knew that Luo Zheng had the Paramita Key through the Elephantman Clan. Number Twelve thought that the Wu Kong Clan didn't know about it yet, and only followed after him. He naturally wanted to divert attention, and it would be best if he could make the two Wu Kong Spirits retreat.
"Capturing that brat indeed has nothing to do with us." The human girl on the red ball smiled faintly. "But they have the key to open the shen temple. It has a lot to do with us!"
Hearing this, No.12's face darkened. It seemed that they still knew … …
He thought for a moment, then said, "Since everyone's goal is that shen temple, why don't we act together? At least open the shen temple first? "
In the past, the three factions had spent a lot of effort to open this shen temple. Now that the Paramita Key had appeared, how could they let go of this opportunity?
"That's right. Let's get that brat's hand," No.14 said.
Just now, No.13 and No.14 had been badly smashed by the human girl. They had replenished a lot of stardust and gradually recovered. The green flames burning in their bodies had also become much stronger.
"That hand naturally belongs to us," another Voidless Spirit transmitted its voice.
"Hmph, it belongs to whoever gets it!"
No.14 was the closest to Luo Zheng. He saw Luo Zheng and No.13 as fish on the chopping board.
As soon as it finished speaking, it suddenly took a step forward and charged straight at Luo Zheng!
"Dong dong dong … …"
When Luo Zheng heard the Wu Kong Tribe and Genryū discuss who his arm would belong to, a murderous intent flashed through his eyes.
He had absolutely no chance of winning against two great clans by himself.

Chapter 3262
In order to pass through the first area, the Moon Fire Slaves had shrunk their bodies.
By the time they reached the second area, they had already shrunk back to their original size of tens of zhang.
The Moon Fire Slave number 14's thought process was very simple. It wanted to crush this human with absolute power, then cut off his arm that held the Paramita Key.
Although the Moon Fire Slaves were essentially Genryū's slaves, they still looked down on the ants of the Lower Skies.
When number 14 rushed in front of Luo Zheng, something unexpected happened. Luo Zheng's body suddenly began to expand. He grabbed the slave's shoulder with one hand and smashed his other hand toward its chest!
"His hand …"
At this moment, number 14 almost forgot to defend. Instead, it looked at Luo Zheng's hand with disbelief.
The Moon Fire Slave's armor was broken at the shoulders. Luo Zheng's hand went into the shoulder and was surrounded by the Illusory Goldstar Fire!
No matter what it was, as long as it touched the Illusory Goldstar Fire, it would be burned to a crisp!
But Luo Zheng's arm was unscathed?
While number 14 was still in a daze, Luo Zheng's other fist went into number 14's chest!
"Boom!"
The armor on number 14's back was sent flying. Under the impact of Luo Zheng's fist, the green Illusory Goldstar Fire turned into a pillar of fire and gushed out of number 14's back. What came out with the pillar of fire was the Spirit Core!
It was almost impossible to shatter the Spirit Core with brute force.
But the Spirit Core was the main body of the Moon Fire Slave. Once it left its body, the Moon Fire Slave's body would naturally collapse.
"Huala …"
Number 14's armor fell to the ground. Flames flowed everywhere.
It had collapsed once in the ring-shaped desert area. It had consumed a lot of stardust to recover. Now, it collapsed again with this attack …
The Illusory Goldstar Fire flowed on the ground, forcing Feng Ge to continuously retreat.
As he kept retreating, Feng Ge's face was full of astonishment.
She thought that Luo Zheng could defeat a Moon Fire Slave, but it shouldn't be so simple. How could he defeat it with just one punch? Even Luo Zheng himself was a little dumbfounded.
The most important part of a Moon Fire Slave's body was its spirit core.
However, the spirit core was usually wrapped in the Illusory Goldstar Fire. In battle, very few opponents dared to penetrate the Illusory Goldstar Fire and take the spirit core. This meant that the opponent would be burned to a crisp by the Illusory Goldstar Fire.
If the Moon Fire Slave was facing some troublesome existences, it would let the Spirit Core wander around in its body. As its Achilles' heel, it would naturally not let it stay in one place.
However, the fourteenth Moon Fire Slave was reckless. He never thought that Luo Zheng could become so huge, and he never thought that he was not afraid of the Illusory Golden Flame!
"Whoosh …"
"Da da da …"
After flying for some distance, the Spirit Core fell into the desert and rolled in front of Number Twelve.
"The Paramita Key is here. I wonder who else wants to take my hand away?" Luo Zheng said in a cold voice after he came back to his senses.
The Moon Fire Slaves and the Wu Kong Clan still maintained a balance. Luo Zheng wanted to let them know that it was not easy to take him down. If there was any loss, they would be swallowed up by each other's opponents!
Number Twelve bent down and took the Spirit Core in his hand. He stared at Luo Zheng with a complicated gaze.
The human girl in the red ball also frowned. Taking care of a Moon Fire Slave with one punch? This human boy's strength was really beyond her expectations.
If she casually attacked him, there were still two Moon Fire Slaves eyeing him covetously.
After sorting out the stakes, a smile appeared on the human woman's face. "I've really misjudged you. This human brother is so powerful. Who would dare to take your hand away? Why don't we pass through this dangerous place together and open the temple together? "
Number Twelve Moon Fire Slave remained silent. He also wanted to understand the current situation. In a situation where all three sides had the power to fight, after a fight to the death, one side would benefit!
If they opened the temple together, it would be the best choice.
"Humph!"
Luo Zheng responded to the human girl with a cold snort.
He had come to open the temple with the hope of going in with Feng Ge.
Who would have thought that the temple had already been targeted by the Wu Kong Clan and Genryū. Because of this, it showed the importance of this temple!
But when he thought of letting the Moon Fire Slaves and Wu Kong Spirits go in, Luo Zheng felt a wave of displeasure.
The human girl had a patient expression.
With the strength that Luo Zheng had shown, he was indeed qualified to be the "Third Pole" here. But he still had no choice. Other than agreeing to her suggestion, there was no other choice.
"If you don't answer, it means you agree. Then, let's turn weapons of war into gifts of jade and silk. We can be considered allies fighting together," the human girl said as she shrunk back into the red ball.
The two Wu Kong Spirits floated towards the center of the desert.
After Number Twelve put away Number Fourteen's Spirit Core, he glanced at Luo Zheng, and then stepped forward with Number Thirteen.
Luo Zheng knew that it would be difficult to escape now, and he had no plans of escaping. Moreover, he really did want to open the temple. If he relied on the Wu Kong Spirits and the Moon Fire Slaves to open a path, it would be much easier to pass through the desert.
The red ball stopped at the center of the desert, and the human girl came out from the red ball.
She stretched her hand forward slowly. When her fingertips reached a certain point, the space in front of her rippled, and a formless footprint stepped down.
"Boom!"
The footprint appeared right in front of her.
"The Heaven and Earth Spirit is extremely powerful. Once it is formed, it is difficult to destroy. Many temples in the Thirty-First Layer of Heaven use this method to protect it," the human girl said with assurance.
Her words seemed to be directed at Luo Zheng.
"However, the Heaven and Earth Aura Soul isn't without flaws. It doesn't differentiate between those who are close or distant. Anyone who steps into it will be attacked." As the human woman spoke, she stretched out her hand and blew gently. A blood-red mist spread out from her palm.
This mist contained a faintly discernible energy. When the blood-red mist drifted forward, a strange scene appeared.
Large feet stepped down from the air and began to attack the blood-red mist!
But the blood-red mist did not have a physical form, so it was not affected in the slightest.
"The Heaven and Earth Spirit guards this area, so there should be a path that can be safely passed through. This path can avoid all of the Heaven and Earth Spirit's attacks. It is naturally impossible to see clearly with the naked eye, but by using this blood-drawing mist to attract the Heaven and Earth Spirit's attacks, it can be easily distinguished," she continued.
"Rumble …"
Countless footprints stepped on the blood-red mist, and the blood-red mist outlined the outline of the footprints.

Chapter 3263
Luo Zheng stared at the path under the countless footprints, feeling quite impressed.
If the red mist hadn't drawn out these footprints, it would have been impossible to find this path.
The human woman said something to the other red ball, and the red ball went into the path on its own.
Then the human woman turned around and said to Luo Zheng with a smile, "Please."
This road was winding and it was very inconvenient to go in and out. She was afraid that Luo Zheng would turn around and run away after she went in. She also didn't want to see the Moon Fire Slave suddenly kidnap Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge looked at each other and stepped in.
The human woman originally wanted to bring up the rear, but the twelfth Moon Fire Slave instantly shrank its body and followed behind Luo Zheng.
The three sides were only taking a temporary break, but they were still deeply vigilant.
The human woman didn't stop them. When the thirteenth Moon Fire Slave entered, she was responsible for bringing up the rear.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
On both sides of the path, the red mist caused the invisible footprints to frantically trample down. The flat Gobi Desert had already been trampled to pieces. Only the path they were walking on was normal.
This winding path wasn't very long. Under the lead of the red ball, it only took them half an incense stick's worth of time to safely pass through.
When the human woman in the rear also passed through this path, she came out of the red ball again and put her palm to her lips and gently sucked.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
All the red mist gathered in the human woman's mouth.
After the red mist disappeared, the Heaven and Earth Spirits stopped attacking. The originally broken and messy Gobi Desert returned to its original flat state.
"You can open the temple," the human woman turned around and said to Luo Zheng indifferently.
Luo Zheng nodded and walked toward the temple.
The temple wasn't small. At least, it was very large compared to the temples Luo Zheng had seen.
After bypassing the statue in front of the temple, the temple's gate finally appeared in front of Luo Zheng. His pupils shrank slightly.
The door of the temple was charred, as if someone had set it on fire.
Other than the burn marks, there were some scratches and dents on the walls on both sides.
It could be imagined that those people had spent a lot of effort in order to enter this temple.
"Is this temple really that sturdy? Why can't you open it? "
In Luo Zheng's impression, it was not difficult to destroy a temple. Even if it was a Temple of Heaven in the thirteenth layer of heaven, Luo Zheng could still use brute force to open it if he had enough time. Moreover, in the seventeenth layer of heaven, experts from a higher layer of heaven could descend.
These experts could be said to have a myriad of methods, yet they were actually unable to break open this divine temple?
Yue Huo Nu ignored Luo Zheng. The human woman smiled faintly and said, "Of course it can't be opened. Otherwise, why would it wait for you? In the process of trying to destroy the temple, many people had died. It was said that a Spirit King who had descended had died here, right?
？”
The Spirit King was a very important figure in the Elemental Spirit Clan. This Spirit King had descended to supervise the battle. At that time, the Elemental Spirit Clan had personally led the Pure Witches to this place with the goal of capturing the temple.
In the end, the Pure Witches had perished, and even the Spirit King had been killed.
The Spirit King's death was confidential even within the Genryū. The human woman had learned of this news through special channels. She had only spoken to verify it.
The Spirit King's death was a huge loss to the Genryū.
Yue Huo Nu only glared at her and said coldly, "Don't talk nonsense. Open the temple!"
The human woman did not care about Yue Huo Nu's attitude. She continued to speak to Luo Zheng, "This temple's construction is indeed incomparably sturdy, but that's only one reason. After all, no matter how sturdy a dead object is, there will always be a way to break it. However, if you forcefully destroy the temple, you will invite disaster … …"
The human woman recalled, and a trace of fear appeared on her face. When the Wu Kong Clan had forcefully broken into the temple, she had also been here.
Fortunately, her position in the Wu Kong Clan was not high at that time, and her power was not at the top. She had been at the outermost area, and the people in the inner area of the Wu Kong Clan had all been killed!
Luo Zheng nodded. There had to be a reason why the temple had been able to stand here for so many years.
When he walked in front of the door, he saw a square stone protruding from the center of the door. There were lines carved on the square stone, and these lines corresponded to the lines on Luo Zheng's palm.
Yue Huo Nu and Wu Kong Spirit both stared at Luo Zheng. This temple that had not been broken through for countless years was finally about to be opened. They were also somewhat nervous, especially the human woman. Her eyes shone with a strange light.
"Feng Ge, follow closely," Luo Zheng suddenly said in a low voice.
Feng Ge pursed his lips, and quietly moved closer to Luo Zheng's side.
No one knew what was inside the temple, but Luo Zheng's value was only limited to opening the temple's door. After opening the temple, the temporary balance between the three sides could be broken. At this moment, they naturally had to be vigilant.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand, and lightly pressed on the square stone.
The lines on the square stone complemented the lines on Luo Zheng's palm.
"Weng … …"
A streak of blue light appeared from the lines on the square stone. This light followed the square stone, and continued to move along the crack in the center of the square stone. From bottom to top, it spread to the entire door.
As Luo Zheng's arm slightly exerted force, the door made a dull sound.
"Rumble … …"
When the door opened inwards, the Yue Huo Nu and Wu Kong Spirit both took a few steps back.
There was no other reason than the fact that this temple was filled with murderous intent. Although Luo Zheng had used the Paramita Key to open the temple's door, they were still extremely vigilant.
On the contrary, Luo Zheng was not afraid at all. He did not even properly size up the temple's situation, and pulled Feng Ge into the temple.
The temple's main hall was originally dark, but the moment Luo Zheng's feet touched the ground, several golden specks of light appeared at the top of the hall, like fireflies floating in the air.
As these specks of light floated in all directions, candlelight lit up one after another, illuminating the main hall.
Around the main hall, there was a row of statues. There were actually thirty to forty of them. Most of these statues were in the form of humans, and a few of them were in strange shapes. Soon, Luo Zheng's gaze locked onto the sixth statue on the left, and his pupils immediately contracted.
That statue had a human body and a snake's tail. It was the Nuwa Clan.
The Nuwa Clan and the human race should be related by blood, so it was not strange to find a statue of the Nuwa Clan in a human's temple.
But this statue was exactly the same as Goddess Nuwa on Mount Li!

Chapter 3264
Although Luo Zheng had only met Chiyou once, he had seen his statues many times.
This statue of Chiyou was exactly the same as the one Luo Zheng had seen before!
There were statues of Nuwa and Chiyou, but were there statues of Fuxi and Donghuang?
Just as he was thinking about this, Feng Ge gently tugged at Luo Zheng's arm. Her eyes were fixed on one of the statues. The statue was half-kneeling on the ground with a long sword stabbed into the ground. It was the statue of Donghuang himself …
"Why is father's statue here?" Feng Ge asked softly.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and scanned the statues. Logically speaking, Lie Shan, Dihong, and the others should be among them as well. However, Luo Zheng had never seen them before and didn't know if they were among them.
"I'm afraid the statue here isn't Donghuang himself," Luo Zheng said.
"Not father?" Feng Ge's eyes showed a trace of confusion.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
From the fact that Nuwa was willing to give him the six-striped Blood Steadying Seed, she didn't know that the seed contained the Paramita Key. She probably didn't know about the existence of this temple either.
This temple had stood here for so long that it had probably endured thousands of chaos epochs.
Whether it was Donghuang, Chiyou, Nuwa, or Fuxi, none of them would erect a statue of themselves inside this temple.
"If it's not father, why does it look exactly like him? That's impossible, isn't it? What kind of place is this temple? "Feng Ge was hesitant.
Feng Ge didn't know the origin of this cycle of chaos and naturally couldn't figure it out.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, had learned a lot about the Paramita and the chaos epochs through 9527 and the jade spirit. He'd also learned about the origins of the human race through Nuwa.
The human race of this cycle of chaos shouldn't have existed in the first place. It was secretly planted by the humans of the Paramita.
When Nuwa showed it to him, Luo Zheng had doubts in his heart.
Why was Nuwa born as Nuwa?
Was Fuxi born as Fuxi?
Did that mean that the Yellow Emperor of Dihong Clan, Shennong of Lie Shan Clan, Donghuang, and Chiyou of Dihong Clan were also born for them?
Seeing these statues in the hall, Luo Zheng's confusion was instantly cleared.
Regardless of whether it was Nuwa or Fuxi, they had probably existed since the 77th Human Civilization. They were the top powerhouses of that era. They had entered the Nirvana Realm before they could complete the End and became the Nirvana Human Tribe.
When they spread the seeds of humanity into a new cycle of Chaos, they would naturally prioritize spreading their own substitutes.
Those substitutes inherited their powerful bloodline. Thus, Goddess Nuwa created Li Mountain, Yellow Emperor Xuanyuan created You Xiong Clan, and East Emperor Taiyi used a sword to win over all the clansmen in the world, forming the Great Yi Heavenly Palace!
"I'm afraid this Emperor Dong is the real Emperor Dong, and Feng Ge, your Father Emperor should be a substitute he spread," Luo Zheng continued to explain. He was very sure of his own judgment.
"How is this possible …"
While Feng Ge was still confused, Moon Fire Slave and Wukong Spirit rushed in as well.
"I can't believe that this divine temple was opened just like that!" The human lady in Wukong Spirit looked around and said with a surprised tone.
Dong, dong, dong …
Moon Fire Slave No.12 stepped into the hall, then rushed straight to the center of the hall without saying anything.
"You think you're fast?" The human lady laughed. She waved her hand in the air, and the blood in the red ball quickly solidified. The blood condensed into a chain, coiling towards No.12.
Boom!
This chain coiled for about two meters before Moon Fire Slave No.13 stepped on it. The chain seemed to have a mind of its own, as it quickly coiled around Moon Fire Slave No.13's body.
Moon Fire Slave No.13 showed a painful look, but after it blocked the chain, No.12 had already rushed to the center of the hall.
In the center of the hall, there was an independent statue. This statue was exactly the same as the one outside the divine temple. This statue was calmly looking down at a square stone platform in front of it. On the platform, there was a blue book floating quietly.
When Luo Zheng and Feng Ge entered the temple, their gazes were attracted by the statues of Donghuang, Fuxi, and Nuwa, so they neglected the existence of this book slip. And the reason why Number Twelve rushed up so aggressively was precisely for this book slip!
"Hahaha …"
No.12 let out a strange laugh.
Actually, No.12 didn't realize the value of this divine temple. It was only Genryū's slave.
However, Genryū valued this divine temple so much. If it could bring back this valuable item, its status would increase greatly! It could very well jump from No.12 to No.1!
Just as Moon Fire Slave reached out its hand towards the book, the statue that was reading with its head lowered suddenly raised its head.
The statue glanced at Yue Huo Nu, and a puzzled look appeared on its sculpted face. "Only humans can open the temple. How did you get in here?"
"None of your business!"
No.12's large hand slapped towards the statue. With this slap, a mere stone statue would naturally be smashed to pieces.
However, No.12 didn't understand. This person's statue was also standing outside the divine temple.
If his statue was so easily destroyed, with Wu Kong, Yuan Ling, and the other races' disgust towards him, they would have smashed it to pieces long ago. However, up until now, the statue outside the divine temple was still standing strong and hadn't been damaged at all!
When No.12 slapped over, a smile appeared on the statue's face. He suddenly reached out his hand and lightly tapped the air with his finger.
"Pop!"
A cracking sound suddenly came from the hall.
Number 12's tall and sturdy mountain-like body had already completely stiffened, and he was frozen in place.
From No.12's right shoulder, a spirit core rolled out. This spirit core completely shattered into powder as it rolled down.
"Hua …"
The spirit core shattered, which meant that Moon Fire Slave was completely dead.
Its flaming body instantly dissipated …
The armor on its body scattered on the ground in pieces.
"Spirit core, the spirit core shattered?" No.13 Moon Fire Slave's flaming face kept twisting, expressing its fear.
Moon Fire Slaves were very hard to kill!
Normal methods couldn't destroy the spirit core at all!
No.14 had already "died" twice, but as long as it had stardust, it would immediately be lively again.
However, the statue only needed to lightly point a finger to shatter the Spirit Core and kill Number Twelve …
That statue didn't stop after killing No.12. He muttered again, "Otherwise, the other races will step in here …"
"Whoosh —"
"Whoosh —"
Another two invisible finger lights pierced through.
No.13 Moon Fire Slave turned around to escape. However, as the finger lights pierced through, its body shook violently. The spirit core in its body shattered, and the Illusory Gold Starfire that formed its body was instantly extinguished …

Chapter 3265
The red ball on the surface of the Spirit of Wu Kong's body also had a lot of power left.
But that finger energy had a terrifying penetrating power and pierced through it without any hesitation!
"Poof!"
The red ball, which had been passively penetrated, scattered like a broken water tank.
Dark red blood flowed out of the red ball, and a strangely shaped skeleton floated inside the red ball. Clearly, this skeleton was not in the shape of a human.
"Ah Qu!"
The female human was also shocked to see her companion killed.
Luo Zheng understood that this temple did not allow non-humans to enter. The statue's attack was very targeted. At the beginning, it killed Number Twelve, then Number Thirteen, and finally that Spirit of Wu Kong.
As for this human female, she probably had a relationship with the human race. Strictly speaking, she was probably a true member of the Nuwa Clan, so the statue did not attack her.
Even so, she stayed where she was for a long time, not daring to move.
Even Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were shocked by those finger energies. The statue in the hall should be a true stone statue, but it had such power?
The statue raised its head and looked at Luo Zheng, Feng Ge, and the human female. Its expression was indifferent as it said, "I thought that the one who came would be the inheritor of the Thirty-Nine Heroes. I did not expect that it would not be any of them."
When the human female heard "Thirty-Nine Heroes," her eyes dimmed slightly. Feng Ge's face was blank, and Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
He counted the statues and found that there were exactly thirty-nine complete statues!
"Elder!" Luo Zheng raised his hands and bowed to the statue.
"Do not call me elder." The statue shook its head. "I am just a soul puppet. I can only act according to the orders of my former master."
This kind of puppet only had a small portion of the memories of its former master. Relatively speaking, it was not even as important as a divided soul like "9527."
As it spoke, it stared at the human female. At the same time, it said, "Just like how I know she is a traitor, but I cannot attack her."
The human female had been very nervous. She might have come from the human race, but she had betrayed the Wu Kong Clan long ago. She naturally feared that she would be "eliminated" by the statue. Hearing the statue say this, she instantly released a breath.
"You have a human body and a snake tail. What kind of human is that?!" Feng Ge retorted.
In the Mother World, the Nuwa Clan of Mount Li were indeed not considered humans, but they were inextricably linked to the human race. Furthermore, there were quite a number of humans in Mount Li, including Human Sovereign Fuxi.
Or should they be classified as a human force?
"Nuwa and humans are of the same origin. Naturally, they are counted," the statue said calmly.
After the statue finished speaking, Luo Zheng continued to ask, "Are the thirty-nine heroes the masters of these thirty-nine statues in front of us?"
The statue nodded. "Yes."
"I wonder if they can live on the other side?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Luo Zheng had promised King Ashoka to help him search for the Nirvana Human Tribe.
In theory, the Nirvana Human Tribe must exist on the other side. After all, they had spread the seeds of the human race in this chaotic era.
"Of course they are still alive." The statue looked confidently at the human female. "Your Wu Kong Clan has been searching for a long time, right? Unfortunately, you have not been able to find them? "
The human female was silent.
Ever since she had joined the Wu Kong Clan, she had chosen a completely uncertain path.
No matter if it was the order, or the end, or Wu Kong, there was no right or wrong.
It was just the pursuit of the heart's persistence … …
Because of this, she finally stood on the opposite side of the human race.
"Can you tell me where they are now?" Luo Zheng asked again.
At this time, the human female spoke. "Of course they are in the Thirty-Third Heaven. Where else can they find a foothold? How can the spirits of the five elements let the human race have an easy time? "
The most powerful civilization in the Nirvana Realm was the Elemental Spirit Clan. They stood on the opposite side of the human race and many other civilizations. However, most of the civilizations hid in the Nirvana Realm. After climbing up to the Thirty-Third Heaven, they either chose to tolerate or surrender.
"Although the Elemental Spirit Civilization is powerful, how can it be so powerful? There are other powerful civilizations in the higher heavens, "Luo Zheng said with a frown.
Even if the Elemental Spirit Civilization was the most powerful civilization in the Nirvana Realm, there were probably thousands of dominator level civilizations in the Nirvana Realm. Even if some of the civilizations disappeared and some went into hiding like the Green Jade Civilization, the Elemental Spirit Civilization would not be able to monopolize the Nirvana Realm.
According to the information given by the Green Jade Spirit, the ten universal civilizations were all extraordinary.
The human female smiled, as if mocking Luo Zheng's ignorance. "You are talking about a long, long time ago. It was true hundreds of god eras ago, but there are very few who can go against it now. Our Wu Kong Clan is one of them. You can consider joining us.
。”
Luo Zheng killing the 14th Moon Fire Slave in one hit made the human female even more interested.
"Very few … …" Luo Zheng's eyes focused.
"Yes, you can either be forced to join the Blood Parliament or disappear completely from the other side," the human female said with a nod.
The Green Jade Civilization had been hiding in the thirteenth heaven for a long time. The situation in the upper level of the Nirvana Realm had undergone drastic changes within a few hundred divine epochs. This was naturally different from what Luo Zheng understood.
The Genryū of today was much more powerful than Luo Zheng and the Green Jade Spirit had imagined.
Similarly, the Wu Kong Clan was much stronger than before. They had become one of the few large clans that could go against the Genryū.
The statue listened to the conversation between Luo Zheng and the human female indifferently. After the human female finished speaking, he said, "Of course I know where the heroes are, but if you want to know, I will tell you after you pass through there."
After the statue finished speaking, he pointed at the ground not far away.
A starry sky pattern appeared on the ground. There were faint spatial fluctuations in the pattern, as if it was another world.
"Is this a test?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes." The statue smiled. "The Heaven-splitting Temple was built by the human race with all their strength. Those who betray our race will not pass the test so easily."
Up until now, Luo Zheng did not know why the human race hid the Paramita Key in the Six Vein Blood Fixing Secret Seed. However, they should have their own plans.
If any random human appeared here and obtained the temple's recognition, it would be too casual.
Luo Zheng was not surprised that there was a test.
"Let's go!"
He naturally did not fear the test given by the Heaven-splitting Temple. Feng Ge did not hesitate either. He stepped forward and followed behind Luo Zheng.
The human female from the Wu Kong Clan looked at the starry sky pattern not far away. Her face showed hesitation.

Chapter 3266
The human woman only hesitated for a moment before making a decision.
This temple was the last fortress of the Human Race. It had stood in the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven for so many years without being conquered. She would not let go of this opportunity!
Her body gently struggled out of the red sphere. Swaying her snake tail, she followed closely behind Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
Luo Zheng stepped on the starry sky pattern.
This pattern was like sticky mercury. When Luo Zheng stepped on it, starlight bloomed and swallowed Luo Zheng in an instant.
"Luo Zheng!"
Without any hesitation, Feng Ge jumped onto the starry sky pattern. She also disappeared in an instant.
Then it was the human woman's turn …
"Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz …"
The moment Luo Zheng was swallowed by the starlight, countless light spots covered his head.
The stars in the sky were hanging on the horizon like a silver river.
When he was in the universe, Luo Zheng had also marveled at the starlight in the universe. But compared to the scene in front of him, the stars in his father's inner world were just a drop in the ocean. The starlight above his head was almost uncountable …
The stars in the sky covered him. After passing by the corner of Luo Zheng's eyes, they began to rapidly move away from him.
Only when the whistling sound of the wind reached Luo Zheng's ears did Luo Zheng realize that it was not the stars that were moving away from him, but that he was crazily falling.
Below him was a continent in the dark night. The continent was originally as small as a palm, but in Luo Zheng's vision, it was rapidly enlarging. From a palm to a territory, then from a territory to an open ground …
"I'm going to hit it!"
Seeing that he was getting closer and closer to the ground, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly jumped.
Almost subconsciously, he wanted to fly into the air.
"Rise!"
"Thunder Form Manifestation!"
"Wind Spirit …"
He used several methods in succession, but none of them could slow down his falling speed!
His magical powers were completely ineffective here …
The moment he was about to hit the ground, an invisible force supported him. Suddenly, he slowly and gently landed on the ground.
After climbing up from the ground, Luo Zheng first sized up his body.
"His inner world is gone?"
"9527, Mr. Green Jade …"
'I can't use the Chaotic Origin Spirit. My body …'
After sizing him up, he realized that he was now a living mortal!
Not to mention releasing his divine sense or having his Yang Soul leave his body, he couldn't even look inside his body or circulate his true Qi!
"You created a mortal body for yourself in the dreamland. That's an ingenious idea. What's your purpose?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
In this pitch-black wilderness, it was quiet everywhere.
Luo Zheng originally thought that he could still find Feng Ge, but now it seemed impossible …
The test didn't give any hints, so Luo Zheng could only move forward aimlessly.
Because he had a mortal body, his body wasn't very sturdy. After walking for an hour, Luo Zheng gradually felt that his physical strength couldn't support him anymore. A long-lost feeling of fatigue came from the depths of his mind.
"So tired …"
Luo Zheng wiped away the sweat on his forehead. After walking for such a long distance, he might as well have taken a single step.
Just as he was feeling sleepy and hungry, a bonfire suddenly appeared in the distance. Several figures could be seen surrounding the bonfire. And on top of the bonfire, there were pieces of meat that had been cut into skewers. Under the flames, the grease on the surface of the meat crackled as it was being roasted.
The meat pieces emitted a fragrance that could seep into the soul. Especially to the tired and hungry Luo Zheng, it was an unimaginable temptation.
When the several people around the bonfire saw Luo Zheng, they revealed a look of respect. They bowed respectfully towards Luo Zheng as if Luo Zheng was an amazing character.
Seeing the attitude of these people towards him, Luo Zheng felt his heart relax slightly. He extended his hand and pointed towards those pieces of meat.
Among the seven emotions and six pleasures, appetite was the most ferocious. Ever since Luo Zheng had become inedible, he rarely ate heartily except when he enjoyed special delicacies in the Divine Realm. Now that he had become an ordinary mortal, once his appetite was aroused, it was actually this ferocious.
"You can't eat this!"
"You'll die if you eat it!"
"You'll be eliminated if you die!"
Those people warned Luo Zheng, their faces full of horror.
Luo Zheng glanced at them with a puzzled look. He didn't forget that he was in the illusion to pass the test of the statue.
But Luo Zheng still didn't believe that he would die if he ate the meat.
Luo Zheng looked at the meat pieces that emitted a rich fragrance. After swallowing his saliva, he was ready to go forward and eat.
Seeing this, one of them took the meat pieces and opened his mouth to chew.
After eating a few mouthfuls, this person suddenly rolled his eyes, spat out foam, and fell to the ground!
"It's poisonous!"
"You can't eat it!"
"…"
The others clamored again.
Looking at these people's expressions, Luo Zheng rolled his eyes.
What kind of messy test was this? Was he not allowed to eat a piece of meat?
Right now, Luo Zheng was able to endure it!
After all, in the Dark Domain, Luo Zheng was strongly attracted to the Dark Flies. But Luo Zheng was still able to suppress it. It was just a few pieces of roasted meat.
Those people were still shouting like idiots that the meat was poisonous and couldn't be eaten, jumping up and down.
"Where is this?"
"What do you want to do?"
"Is this a test for me?"
Luo Zheng threw out several questions in a row, but those people didn't answer as if they didn't have ears.
Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and left without saying a word.
The wilderness was boundless. If he kept walking like this, there would be no end.
This illusion gave Luo Zheng too few hints, so he could only keep walking …
Two hours later, Luo Zheng's physical strength was seriously exhausted. There seemed to be a ball of fire lingering in his throat, and even his consciousness was somewhat blurred.
He was really too thirsty and hungry …
The moment this thought popped up, a wisp of wine fragrance suddenly floated in the distance.
This fragrance rushed into his nose, as if it was branded in the depths of Luo Zheng's soul!
He, who was originally a little confused, quivered and saw a wall of brilliant lights in front of him.
On a large table, there were all kinds of fruits. Bright colored wine had already been filled, exuding an intoxicating aroma.
The people around the table also stood up and respectfully bowed to Luo Zheng, saying at the same time, "You can use the wine, but you can help yourself to the fruits …"
"These people didn't stop me," Luo Zheng was delighted.
"But it's poisonous, these are all poisonous!" Someone suddenly said.
"Are they crazy?"
Luo Zheng stared at those people, feeling like he was going crazy.
After he was reduced to a mortal body, all his reactions became more realistic. The appetite engraved in his bones was difficult to refuse.
He almost instinctively wanted to satisfy his appetite. Even if Luo Zheng's willpower was very strong, it was completely ineffective at this moment …

Chapter 3267
There were no detailed rules for entering this world to take the test.
But those people had already given him very clear hints.
Eating these foods meant certain death, and after death, he would be eliminated …
The test in front of him was purely a test of willpower.
Although Luo Zheng had experienced a lot along the way and his soul had become incomparably strong, the strength of his soul alone had no decisive effect on the increase of his willpower.
Especially when his willpower was strengthened to a certain extent, it would be difficult to make any further progress.
In the past, Luo Zheng could still use the "Emotion Severing Divine Path" to deal with it. But now, Luo Zheng had all his abilities and magical powers taken away, so it was naturally impossible for him to use the Emotion Severing Divine Path.
Smelling the fragrance of wine drifting over, Luo Zheng's throat moved. His eyes revealed a resolute expression, and he turned around to leave!
In the wilderness, he was still all alone.
His body was already exhausted to the limit, constantly reminding Luo Zheng that he was extremely hungry, and smoke was coming out of his throat!
When he saw the lanterns in front of him again, Luo Zheng no longer had any expectations.
The delicacies under the lanterns were only torture for him …
Under the lanterns, there were all kinds of delicious food and wine gathered around, and each one was more tempting than the last. All of them touched Luo Zheng's soul, making it difficult for him to restrain himself.
Sometimes, Luo Zheng felt that this wasn't a test at all, but a torture!
Eight hours ….
Ten hours ….
Twenty hours ….
After all, this mortal body had a limit. If it reached its limit, would it still die?
Then would it be impossible to pass the test in front of him?
Luo Zheng walked forward like a walking corpse, thinking.
While thinking like this, he finally felt his vision go black. His eyes could no longer see anything, and he fell to the ground with a "plop".
After an unknown amount of time, Luo Zheng gradually regained consciousness.
When he woke up, the first thing he did was to look around.
If he had failed, he should have returned to the temple.
He was no longer in the wilderness, nor was he in the temple. Instead, he was in a gilded hall. He was actually sitting on the dragon throne, wearing a dragon robe, looking down at the civil and military officials in front of him!
"I didn't get eliminated, so I should have passed?" Luo Zheng, sitting on the dragon throne, showed a hint of joy.
If the first test tested his appetite, then what about the second test?
Looking at the civil and military officials, Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a strange look. "Is it the desire for power?"
If Luo Zheng already knew that everything was an illusion, the so-called power and wealth were nothing but fleeting clouds. How could this desire for power test him? What's more, Luo Zheng didn't have much desire for glory and wealth.
This stage shouldn't be too difficult.
However, Luo Zheng still thought too simply.
With limited time, this kind of test was indeed meaningless to Luo Zheng.
However, this was an illusory realm. Dreaming for a hundred years or even a thousand years was a piece of cake.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng was still able to deal with this world with an indifferent expression. But as time passed, he stayed here as a mortal emperor for dozens of years …
His true memories of himself seemed to have become extremely distant. He seemed to have accepted his identity as a mortal emperor in this environment.
He was entangled with his subjects, his concubines, and everything else. He had completely integrated into them …
…
Inside the shen temple.
The statue in the center was using a calm gaze to look at a patch of starry sky.
In the starry sky, Luo Zheng, Feng Ge, and the human woman were each receiving a different test.
The statue was a puppet. His thoughts were normal, but he was restricted in some areas.
His mission was to wait for the shen temple to open and choose a qualified candidate.
In his heart, from the beginning, he had rejected the woman and Feng Ge who had sided with the Wu Kong Clan. If he had the authority, he probably would have stopped the two women from entering the starry sky to receive the test.
"The desire for power is stopped at the first test?" the statue said.
In comparison, Feng Ge and the human woman's performance was much better than Luo Zheng's.
Of the six tests, the woman from the Wu Kong Clan had already passed three tests. What was even more strange to the statue was that Feng Ge had passed four tests in a row. It was as though she didn't have the six desires and couldn't be trapped.
"Speaking of which, the more you experience the test of the six desires, the more you think. The more complicated it is, the easier it is to be trapped," the statue said with a sigh.
Putting aside the woman from the Wu Kong Clan, although Feng Ge's past experience was tragic, it was far from being complicated. Before she met Luo Zheng, most of her life could be described as "boring." This kind of simple thinking had a strong resistance to the temptation of the six desires … …
In the dreamscape in the starry sky.
Luo Zheng had "reigned" for a hundred years.
He seemed to have completely forgotten who he used to be. He only knew that he was the Emperor who controlled the world.
There were often praises in his ears. One word was the law of the world.
Two hundred years … …
Three hundred years … …
Five hundred years … …
Until one day, Luo Zheng's heart suddenly had a strange feeling.
His original memories surged out like a tide. Everything in front of him became extremely laughable.
The officials, the concubines, turned to bones, and then scattered with the wind … …
The enormous imperial palace collapsed in the blink of an eye.
At this time, Luo Zheng realized that he had been trapped in the test of the desire for power for a long time. To break through this test, it had taken him hundreds of years.
However, the time in the dreamscape was different from the time in the outside world.
The real time Luo Zheng had been trapped was only the time for two incense sticks to burn … …
After Luo Zheng had passed this test, the whole world was turned upside down again. What appeared in front of Luo Zheng were beautiful women. Some women were flirtatious, and some were full of affection.
"?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
The third test was not difficult for Luo Zheng. Although he had a mortal body, he did not lack experience on the path of love. Although the women in front of him were all extremely beautiful, they were unable to shake Luo Zheng's heart.
Although there was the sound of decadence and the influence of the beautiful silk fragrance, Luo Zheng still restrained himself. Passing the third test was not slow … …
The fourth test … …
The fifth test … …
The sixth test … …
Originally, Luo Zheng should have been the last of the three. However, Feng Ge and the woman from the Wu Kong Clan were both trapped in this test, so Luo Zheng took the lead.
"Since I've passed the six tests, does that mean I've passed the test?"
If this was all there was to the dreamscape, it would not be difficult. Luo Zheng had only spent a little more time in the second test.
However, Luo Zheng had not left this world. The sky full of stars was still floating in the sky.
Just as Luo Zheng was puzzled, the sky full of stars once again rotated and covered him.
Miraculous scenes appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
The Great Wilderness, the sea, the mountains and rivers … …
As his gaze continued to shift, he was able to see the whole world from an extremely macroscopic perspective.

Chapter 3268
Luo Zheng's body shuttled back and forth among these stars.
A huge star passed over Luo Zheng's head. Luo Zheng's gaze swept over it, and the information about this star drilled into his mind.
This star was called the Mysterious Earth Star, and there were eight hundred million humans living on it!
"There are so many people on a single star, and these people aren't secondary life forms from the inner world …" Luo Zheng murmured.
When Luo Zheng passed by three more stars, the names of these stars once again appeared in his mind.
Three Sheath Stars. Three million people lived on these three stars. It was truly a huge number …
Looking ahead, there were Charm Star, Arisaema Star, Tiger Star …
Perhaps because he had stayed in the illusion for too long, Luo Zheng's reaction was somewhat sluggish. At this moment, he suddenly realized that this was the human race's Chaos Era, the 77th Chaos Era!
Luo Zheng had once seen the Fear Eye Demon Clan and the Green Jade Civilization's Chaos Era.
However, whether it was the Mind's Eye or the Green Jade Spirit through the Tool of Civilization, they were far from comparable to the scene in front of him.
The number of these stars was so large that it made one's hair stand on end. Every star had tens of millions of humans living on it.
If he didn't know that he had fallen into an illusion, he would have treated this place as another 'mother world'.
"Whoosh …"
The speed of the stars increased rapidly, constantly approaching Luo Zheng and rapidly distancing themselves from Luo Zheng.
The stars came in different sizes. The small ones were several thousand li in diameter, while the large ones were a hundred thousand li, or even several million li, or even tens of millions of li!
"Hum …"
After passing through millions of stars, Luo Zheng finally saw a huge star in front of him. This star was probably hundreds of billions of li in diameter. The star was completely red, and its surface was like a sea of purgatory flames. On the surface of the sea of flames, fiery dragons spiraled and spat flames into the sky.
"So hot …"
As he approached, Luo Zheng also felt the heat of this star.
However, Luo Zheng's body had already returned to its normal state. Although the heat was astonishing, he was still able to withstand it.
As Luo Zheng continued to approach, a huge flaming palace appeared below him. The entire palace was dark red, and liquid lava flowed inside. The lava was just Luo Zheng's observation.
In fact, under such high temperatures, all substances would turn into strange shapes. The flowing things looked like lava.
Even those 'fire spirits' would find it difficult to survive in the surroundings of the palace. This flaming palace was the core of the entire planet.
When Luo Zheng landed in front of the palace, he saw a person in front of him.
This person had red eyebrows and red hair. He was completely naked and sat cross-legged on a huge fire lotus. When he saw Luo Zheng, he pointed at him and said, "Please sit!"
"Your Excellency is …" Luo Zheng asked.
Luo Zheng remembered seeing this person among the statues in the temple. He was also one of the statues.
"I am the master of the Fire Domain, Fire God Zhurong," the red-browed, red-haired man said.
There were two faint flames in Zhurong's eyes, as if they could burn everything.
"Fire God." Luo Zheng's eyebrows raised slightly.
Being able to erect his statue in the temple on the other side and being one of the 39 Heroes, he was probably a top master in the Human Race.
"My test is very simple. Please sit next to me for half an hour." Zhurong pointed at the fire lotus beside him.
Luo Zheng blinked twice. The corners of his mouth curled up slightly, and he jumped onto the fire lotus.
The moment he sat down, the eyes of Zhurong's statue in the temple flashed with flames.
The statue looking at the bamboo slips noticed Zhurong's action and immediately laughed, "Hey, this kid just passed the Six Desires Trials in one go. Brother Zhurong is going to test him …"
"I will burn him to ashes," the statue Zhurong responded faintly.
As soon as the statues finished speaking, the fire lotus under Luo Zheng in the starry sky illusion turned into a blazing white in an instant. The white light rushed upward and enveloped Luo Zheng's body.
"Buzz …"
Zhurong looked at Luo Zheng in the fire lotus with a trace of indifference in his eyes.
He had a bad temper and was never soft-hearted.
Even though the statue only contained a wisp of his soul, it was still very strict. It could only be said that this kid was unlucky to encounter him in the first trial.
However, the indifference on Zhurong's face only lasted for a very short time. Soon, a strange look appeared in his eyes, and this strange look quickly turned into shock and disbelief!
The golden vortexes on the surface of Luo Zheng's body absorbed all the heat in the fire lotus. The fire lotus almost didn't cause much trouble for Luo Zheng.
At this rate, even if it took an hour, a day, or a month, Luo Zheng would be safe and sound, not to mention the time it took to burn a stick of incense.
"Buzz …"
As Zhurong's thoughts turned, the fire lotus bloomed even more intensely.
The light from the fire lotus turned from blazing white to brilliant blue. This blue light reflected a strange color on Luo Zheng's body.
However, Luo Zheng still sat there indifferently.
"Phew …"
After the time it took to burn a stick of incense, the fire lotus gradually stopped. Luo Zheng sat up straight, cupped his hands towards Zhurong and said, "Elder Zhurong, can I be considered to have passed?"
Zhurong looked at Luo Zheng carefully. This wisp of his soul had a lot of questions to ask.
However, when Zhurong planted this wisp of his soul, he had given this wisp of soul a certain level of authority, so naturally, he couldn't ask any questions.
"You can leave now," Zhurong answered simply.
Luo Zheng cupped his hands towards Zhurong again, then jumped down from the fire lotus. When he left the palace, his body once again drifted away at an abnormal speed, quickly leaving this unimaginably huge star.
As Zhurong said, this area was the Fire Realm, which used to be under Zhurong's control.
After leaving the Fire Realm, many ice-blue stars drifted towards Luo Zheng. Even though these stars were terrifyingly huge, their bodies were still sparkling and translucent, as if the entire star was pure.
Soon …
A pure-white star flew straight towards Luo Zheng.
On the outermost side of the star, a strong airflow rolled up a snowstorm, which seemed to be able to tear everything that approached it into pieces.
After entering the star, Luo Zheng found that the inside of the star was spotlessly white and strangely peaceful.
A huge ice palace appeared in front of Luo Zheng. In the palace, a skinny adult man was still sitting alone. The surface of this man's body was translucent blue, with ripples of water flowing along the surface of his body.
Before Luo Zheng said anything, the adult man had already answered, "I am Gong Gong, the God of Water. Please sit down."

Chapter 3269
Just as Luo Zheng was muttering in his heart, water started flowing out slowly from the surroundings of the palace.
The temperature in front of him was already extremely low, but the slowly flowing water was actually not frozen.
But when the water touched Luo Zheng, a chill seeped into the depths of his soul. In the blink of an eye, he could no longer think!
'This water is so cold …' Luo Zheng was inwardly startled.
Gong Gong was also gradually submerged by the water. Before he was submerged, Gong Gong said, "If you can endure for the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, you will pass … gululu …"
Soon, this completely transparent water had submerged Luo Zheng and Gong Gong.
The heat in Luo Zheng's body was rapidly draining away. His entire body was stiff, and he could not even move!
'So cold …'
Even though Luo Zheng's body was not afraid of being burned by raging fire and had easily passed the trial of Fire God Zhu Rong, when facing Gong Gong, this extremely low temperature finally gave Luo Zheng a hard time.
"Pi pa!"
Under the rapid freezing, cracks started appearing on the surface of Luo Zheng's fleshy body.
What made Luo Zheng even more gloomy was that his body was cracking, yet he could not feel it at all.
'Because the temperature is too low, I can't even use my strength?' Luo Zheng's mind was spinning rapidly.
When his fleshy body started cracking, even the Chaotic Origin Spirit could not be activated. This was the first time Luo Zheng experienced such a low temperature.
'Strength …'
The Godly Jun Energy was a type of energy, and the activity of energy would naturally bring about heat.
In a moment of desperation, Luo Zheng began drawing out the Godly Jun Energy crazily!
As the power of Shen Jun began to move around in his body, his originally stiff body gradually began to recover. After a trace of heat gained the upper hand, it quickly gathered together, and then spread outward!
Gong Gong looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. He was slightly disappointed with Luo Zheng's performance.
A smart participant should not have stopped when he came into contact with the freezing water. But now, it was too late …
Luo Zheng, who was already frozen, could no longer move even if he wanted to.
Luo Zheng just stood there without moving. He could not even blink his eyes.
From the looks of it, Luo Zheng's wife had no way to break free.
However, in Luo Zheng's body, the Divine Jun Force was revolving around his body, and the speed of its rotation was getting faster and faster.
The faster it rotated, the faster the heat rose!
When Gong Gong felt that Luo Zheng was doomed to fail, Luo Zheng's fingers suddenly trembled slightly. Next, his arms began moving as well, then his shoulders, then his body and legs!
"This guy …" Gong Gong paused his eyes.
As Luo Zheng's body continued to "defrost", he also began to dance rapidly. As his body danced, the frozen water in the Ice Palace also began to revolve around him.
And because the frozen water was spinning faster and faster, the temperature of the water was gradually rising.
Within the time for an incense stick to burn, Gong Gong slightly waved his hand in the frozen water. Following his move, the rising frozen water dropped quickly, and soon flowed out completely.
On Luo Zheng's back, mist rose like dense smoke. That mist was formed by the remaining frozen water on Luo Zheng's body, which was evaporated by Luo Zheng's body heat.
"Elder, can I leave now?" Luo Zheng bowed to Gong Gong and said.
Gong Gong waved his hand to Luo Zheng, signaling Luo Zheng to leave.
This area was under Gong Gong's control, which was the Water Area, and took up about ten percent of this area. The same was true for Zhu Rong's fire area.
"This Water Area and the fire area should be at the same level as a superpower in my mother world. Gong Gong and Zhu Rong should be at the same level as East Emperor Taiyi and Goddess Nvywa back then. But they have been in the Nirvana World for countless years. I wonder how powerful they are now …"
Luo Zheng pondered while flying across the area.
Judging by the current situation, he might have guessed it right. He was really going to take the test of the 39 heroes.
But these 39 heroes were all the strongest beings in the human race. It would be an honor to meet them.
But thinking of this, Luo Zheng realized another problem.
Wouldn't he have to face the real "Goddess Nvywa", or even the real "East Emperor Taiyi", or the real "Chi You" and so on …
Goddess Nvywa in his mother world could be considered as another "Goddess Nvywa" created. Even though Luo Zheng understood this point, he still felt strange when facing her.
"Whoosh …"
While Luo Zheng was moving at high speed, the surrounding area changed again.
What greeted him were numerous bright golden stars!
When one of the huge golden stars shrouded him, Luo Zheng landed on the ground. What he saw was golden Buddha statues everywhere. Every golden Buddha statue had a different appearance. Some were standing, some were lying down, and some were standing, showing a myriad of postures.
Those golden Buddha statues were lined up in a row. It was impossible to see all of them. In any case, these golden Buddhas were everywhere on this golden planet!
"This is the Buddhist Domain …" Luo Zheng said with a serious gaze.
In his father's universe, there were some Buddhists that had been passed down. But in the Divine Domain, they had disappeared without a trace. In his mother world, they were nowhere to be seen.
This was not difficult to understand.
The civilization in the 77th chaos shouldn't have appeared in this round of civilizations.
Whether it was Goddess Nvywa or the East Emperor, they were just seeds that had been spread out …
The influence of Buddhism might have also been spread, but it hadn't developed.
Even the Fire God Zhurong that Luo Zheng had just come into contact with was something that Luo Zheng had looked up when he was flipping through the ancient records in his mother world. It was a human race that had once fought with the Sky-Splitting Hou, but this race hadn't developed and had even disappeared from his mother world.
"Dong …"
A long and melodious sound of a bell rang out in front of Luo Zheng.
As a golden light bloomed in front of Luo Zheng, a huge Buddha appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
This Buddha made a "Dharma Seal" with one hand and looked at Luo Zheng with kind eyes.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to ask, the Buddha suddenly closed his eyes.
As he closed his eyes, Luo Zheng felt his chest become unusually heavy. His eyes were also closed. He couldn't see, hear, hear, or even think about it.
But Luo Zheng, with his six senses sealed, didn't fall into darkness …
In the depths of his heart, a golden light bloomed again. Luo Zheng's consciousness faced the Buddha again. The Buddha still faced Luo Zheng with the "Dharma Seal". Even this "Luo Zheng" in his heart was sealed by the Buddha again and fell into his inner heart.
But just as Luo Zheng's heart bloomed with golden light, he faced the Buddha again and fell into the third level of mind flow …
As he closed his mind layer by layer, Luo Zheng didn't know which level he had reached.

Chapter 3270
When darkness and light no longer alternated, the seal finally stopped.
"Is this a test of the state of mind?" Luo Zheng stared at the Buddha and asked.
The Buddha nodded. "Yes."
"Do I also need half an hour to break this seal?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"As you wish, benefactor," the Buddha replied.
"That's good!"
After taking a deep breath, Luo Zheng's mind began to move rapidly.
The current world was not even an illusion. It was a state that the Buddha trapped Luo Zheng in his heart.
Since it was Luo Zheng's own heart, Luo Zheng naturally did as he pleased.
"Sword of Mind! Break! "
As Luo Zheng's mind fluctuated, long swords suddenly grew out of the whole world.
"Crack, crack, crack, crack …"
The Buddhas all over the sky were torn to pieces by the long swords, and this side of the world collapsed.
This layer of the world was like a huge curtain. After being torn apart by Luo Zheng, it immediately retreated. What greeted Luo Zheng was a brand-new layer of the world.
"The swordsmanship that focuses on the state of mind is the inheritance of the Stellar Sword Realm," the Buddha said calmly.
"Stellar Sword Realm?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and thought of the Taiyi Heavenly Palace of the Eastern Emperor Taiyi. Luo Zheng asked, "Is the master of the Stellar Sword Realm the Eastern Emperor Taiyi?"
"Yes," the Buddha said. "But I'm afraid it's difficult to break the 'prison of my heart' with this Taoist method alone. Your state of mind is sharp enough, but your strength is not enough."
Luo Zheng smiled slightly and said, "Is that so? But it's not difficult for me to break this world … "
"Boom!"
Countless long swords spread out from all directions of this world and tore the whole world into pieces again. A new world appeared in front of Luo Zheng again.
"Boom …"
"Boom …"
"Boom …"
With Luo Zheng's constant bombardment, 13 layers of the world that surrounded Luo Zheng's heart had been shattered.
At this rate, he would be able to pass the Buddha's test in less than the time it takes for an incense stick to burn.
But when he reached the fourteenth floor, Luo Zheng's mind transformed into a long sword again. But this time, the long sword that appeared was very small. The world in front of Luo Zheng only showed a few cracks, but it was not completely shattered.
"Sword of Mind, break!" Luo Zheng frowned.
A tranquil smile appeared on Buddha's face. "You're tired …"
Luo Zheng's state of mind had always been extremely sharp, but something that was too sharp, the consumption of mental energy was enormous, and in the end, it was difficult to maintain it for long.
Luo Zheng was indeed feeling tired. His face revealed a trace of helplessness as he said, "When it comes to mental strength, there's no standard. I'm afraid I can't train it."
The path of one's mental state had always been mysterious, and it all depended on one's own comprehension.
The Buddha smiled faintly and said, "It's just that you don't know how to do it. If you don't believe me, I have a Great Buddhist Abhijna that I can impart to you."
"Great Dharma Divine Ability?" Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
No matter what, these 39 heroes were the strongest existences of the Origin Era back then.
Although he didn't know this Buddha's real name, he was a powerful figure of the Buddhist Realm. The Abhijna he imparted probably couldn't be underestimated.
"But isn't this a test? Why would you impart the Abhijna … "Luo Zheng asked the question that puzzled him.
The Buddha smiled faintly and said, "It's up to you whether you want to be tested or not. I have good karma with you, so there's no need to test you."
Although the Buddha had explained it this way, Luo Zheng was still somewhat puzzled. The process of this test was completely different from what he had imagined.
Just as Luo Zheng was feeling puzzled, the Buddha suddenly opened his mouth.
A series of strange words entered Luo Zheng's ears. Of course, Luo Zheng was originally trapped in his own mind, so in reality, he didn't have a voice. And Luo Zheng didn't use his ears to listen.
"These words …"
When the words were transmitted, Luo Zheng felt a heavy pressure in his heart.
Each word alone was meaningless, but when they were connected together, they could produce such an effect. This situation was very similar to Sanskrit.
When the Buddha finished reciting, the pressure in Luo Zheng's heart had reached a peak. Then, he suddenly relaxed. Luo Zheng felt a warm feeling in his heart. His whole body was extremely relaxed, and the fatigue just now was swept away!
"Sword of Mind!"
"Boom …"
"Sword of Mind …"
"Boom!"
Layers of the world were broken again by Luo Zheng. When he was tired, he would use the mental cultivation method passed by the Buddha.
Soon after, Luo Zheng finally broke through the layers of the sealed world.
He had successfully passed the Buddha's test and learned a mental cultivation method. Luo Zheng was naturally happy. He asked, "What's the name of this mental cultivation method? How could it have such a magical effect?"
"This is the Heart King Technique. If you use it in reverse, it will be my Heart Prison. It can trap people in the Heart Prison," the Buddha answered.
"Many thanks, but may I ask the name of the Buddha?" Luo Zheng asked again with cupped hands.
The Buddha calmly gave Luo Zheng a gentle push, and the entire Buddhist Realm began to go far away.
At the same time, the Buddha's voice was transmitted. "My name is Tathagata …"
"Tathagata Buddha …"
Luo Zheng remembered this name and flew into the void.
It seemed that the Buddhist Realm was an extremely powerful force in the 77th chaos era ….
Luo Zheng thought that since the 77th civilization was dominated by humans, it should have had a much better time than the current chaos era.
In fact, that chaos era was much more complicated than Luo Zheng thought.
Soon, a new great realm enveloped Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng landed on one of the stars, he saw a handsome man. This man's facial features were softer than a woman's, and he had a unique temperament.
"Senior is …?" Luo Zheng asked as usual.
"I'm Di Jun," the handsome man answered.
"Di Jun …" Luo Zheng's eyes widened.
The handsome man waved at Luo Zheng and said, "You can go. I don't have a test here. You pass."
"No test …."
Luo Zheng wasn't too surprised by his experience with Buddha Gautama. It was as though this test was to let these human heroes confirm their identities.
However, Luo Zheng did not retreat immediately. He did not care whether Di Jun was a human or a Golden Crow. He just stared at Di Jun and asked, "Senior Di Jun, did you have the same goal?"
"What goal?" Di Jun asked.
"To break the destiny of the chaos and complete the Way of the End," Luo Zheng said.
Di Jun smiled seductively and nodded. "Of course we have the same goal."
Luo Zheng curled his lips and said, "It's a pity that the 'Di Jun' of this chaos is on the opposite side."
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Di Jun's expression became somewhat complicated.
Although that 'Di Jun' had inherited everything from him, including his talent, personality, bloodline, and even Divine Sense, he was an independent individual after all. Even the real Di Jun himself could not control him.
"I see."

Chapter 3271
Star regions covered Luo Zheng one after another. Luo Zheng also saw the powerful beings of the human race one by one.
There was Earth, the mother of the earth, who controlled Yin and Yang and nurtured all living things.
There was also Hou Yi, who could shoot stars and suns with his bow …
And …
Strictly speaking, these people all looked like humans in front of Luo Zheng, but quite a number of them weren't pure human beings.
For example, Emperor Jun had monster blood flowing in his body, but his body was still that of a Gold Crow.
For example, Goddess Nuwa was half human and half snake, so she wasn't completely human.
Another example was that monkey named Sun Wukong, who had extraordinary fighting power …
However, these people were all born in the 77th civilization of the human race, so they quite approved of the 77th civilization of the human race.
When Luo Zheng saw Goddess Nuwa again, he felt even more strange.
The two "Goddess Nuwa" were definitely not the same person, but they were almost exactly the same. The light of wisdom flashing in their eyes could see through people's hearts.
"I thought it was me who got the Paramita Key to open the temple. Why did it become you?" Goddess Nuwa stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
The "me" she was talking about was naturally Goddess Nuwa in the mother world.
"Is this question a test for me?" Luo Zheng asked with a smile.
"Sort of." Goddess Nuwa shrugged.
In fact, except for Zhurong and Gonggong, the other powerful beings didn't give Luo Zheng any serious tests.
Luo Zheng didn't hide it, because it wasn't worth hiding.
He then recounted how he had obtained the last six-stripe Blood Fixing Mysterious Seed and how he had discovered the Paramita Key.
After Luo Zheng finished, Goddess Nuwa sighed softly. "I didn't think I'd be impatient after all. I got the last six-vein Blood Fixing Seed. This is a freak combination of factors, but it's fate. You …"
Nuwa looked like she wanted to say something, but she hesitated.
After leaving Goddess Nuwa's star region, Luo Zheng entered a new star region. This time, Luo Zheng met Fuxi.
The Fuxi in front of him had the same personality as the Fuxi in the mother world …
"Hey, kid, was I powerful in the mother world?" Fuxi asked.
"Great, great …" Luo Zheng answered.
In terms of strength, almost all the experts in the mother world were wary of Fuxi. No one was willing to face Fuxi head-on.
"Then … how did the woman in the neighboring star region treat me?" Fuxi asked carefully.
"What?"
Luo Zheng stared blankly at Fuxi.
Under Fuxi's coercion, Luo Zheng bragged about his position in Mount Li before Fuxi let Luo Zheng leave.
However, when Luo Zheng left, Fuxi's face revealed a rare complex expression. Among the 39 heroes, Fuxi was the one who was the most unwilling to accept his current fate. His mentality was surprisingly the same as his own in his mother world …
Next, Luo Zheng met Shennong, who was also Lie Shan, as well as Ji Xuanyuan and Di Hong.
After the two of them learned about their clones' choices in the Mother World, their expressions became extremely grim.
They knew their own personalities, and they also knew the personalities of their clones. After deciding on their own path, they would probably walk down it without hesitation. However, they were trapped on the other side. Other than sighing, there was nothing else they could do.
Star regions flashed in front of Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng saw many powerful figures.
"Thirty-eighth …"
As another star region enveloped him, he appeared at the top of a green mountain. Across from him stood a burly middle-aged man.
Although the middle-aged man looked very different from the Chiyou aura Luo Zheng had seen before, Luo Zheng still recognized him at a glance.
The Chiyou in the Divine Realm was already at the end of his rope. Naturally, he was not as powerful as the Chiyou in front of him!
"My blood flows in your veins. Are you my descendant?" Chiyou stared at Luo Zheng and asked.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "You are … my grandfather."
A hint of joy appeared on Chiyou's face.
Putting the six-stripe Blood Fixing Mysterious Seed in Li Mountain was the result of many discussions.
According to the original calculation, the highest probability was that Nuwa would open the temple herself. In the end, it was his grandson. Chiyou was pleasantly surprised, "It seems that the Jiuli tribe is developing well. Heh …"
Jiuli Star Region was also a very powerful existence in the 77th civilization. Chiyou naturally had this confidence.
"Uh … grandfather, Jiuli has been destroyed. You in the Mother World were also killed by Dihong and Lieshan. Now only a part of your tribe is left, and I have joined Taiyi Heavenly Palace …" Luo Zheng said helplessly.
Chiyou's face stiffened for a moment. After a while, he showed a helpless smile, "I didn't expect it to be like this. But I am proud that you can open this temple!"
Chiyou was a born optimist. Even after hearing about the tragic experience of Jiuli, he was still very relieved. At the same time, he asked about it in detail.
Luo Zheng stayed with Chiyou for the longest time. He told Chiyou about his experience in detail.
Chiyou didn't expect the situation in the Mother World to become like this.
The human race's plan back then was indeed very successful. In the beginning, the mother world was flourishing, and many civilizations had interfered. Now, the human race in the 77th civilization had the upper hand. Unfortunately, You Xiong, Shinno, and the others had betrayed them. This was the biggest surprise …
Not long after, Luo Zheng left Jiuli Star Region again.
The star regions above his head circled, and the reddish-gold star region in the center shrouded Luo Zheng.
This time, Luo Zheng fell into the depths of the palace in the golden star. There were green scrolls floating everywhere, and the words in the scrolls were constantly flowing.
The statue in the center of the temple stood in the scrolls. Of course, he was not facing a statue now, but a living person.
"Young man, you can sit down." This person cupped his hands toward the chair in front of Luo Zheng.
"Senior, you're too polite." Luo Zheng sat down obediently. He realized that this person was the most important person among the 39 heroes.
This person smiled at Luo Zheng, placed a handful of jade scrolls in front of Luo Zheng, and immediately asked, "You're from the Human Race. Are you interested in learning about the history of the Human Race?"
"The 77th Chaos?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes, the 77th Civilization." The person nodded.
"I'm interested." Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
The person gently knocked the jade scrolls in his hand on the table. Wisps of green filaments floated out of the jade scrolls. These filaments constantly drilled into Luo Zheng's mind. The history of the Human Race was quickly engraved in Luo Zheng's mind …
In that era, the Human Race had also experienced many disputes and conflicts.
Especially in the early stage of the Chaos, the 77th Chaos had experienced three major tribulations. They were the War of the Ancestors of Sorcerers, the War of Deification, and the struggle with Taoists and Buddhas.

Chapter 3272
Among the 77 civilizations, there were three major sects in many star regions. They were the Ren Sect, the Jie Sect, and the Chan Sect.
The person in front of him was the Primeval Lord of Heaven, the leader of the Chan Sect.
"Senior, I have a general understanding of the past of the human race," Luo Zheng said.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven nodded, then said, "Then do you know why we are spreading the seeds of the human race in this round of chaos?"
Luo Zheng lowered his head and thought for a while, then answered, "It is said that this round of chaos is the last chance to complete the End."
"Yes, it seems that you have some understanding." The Primeval Lord of Heaven nodded again, "We have already failed once. Even if we failed and retreated to the other side, we have never feared anyone!"
"The human race was born in the 77th civilization. Before that, the 76 dominating civilizations had already established themselves in the other side. It was not easy for the human race to fight for a place, but our master led us all the way," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said proudly.
"Master?" Luo Zheng looked confused.
The memory in the jade slip did not record who the Primeval Lord of Heaven's master was, but the leaders of the three major sects, the Ren Sect, the Jie Sect, and the Chan Sect, seemed to have called each other brothers.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven's strength had probably surpassed the Wing King of the Green Jade Civilization. Then, wouldn't the master of the leaders be even more powerful?
"I erased my master's memory. His memory cannot appear in the minds of any living beings on the other side, so even I can't recall his appearance …" the Primeval Lord of Heaven said.
"No wonder! I was wondering why only nine people completed the End. Shouldn't there be ten people? "Luo Zheng said.
At the end of Luo Zheng's memory, he also watched the human race complete the Path of the End and fight against the needle.
Back then, King Ashoka had mentioned that the human race was especially well-prepared to complete the End. The Wing King of the Green Jade Civilization's method was only ranked eighth.
King Ashoka said that there were ten humans, but in the memory given by the Primeval Lord of Heaven, Luo Zheng clearly saw nine people.
Luo Zheng thought that Prince Ashoka had remembered wrongly, but now it seemed that there was more to it than meets the eye.
However, a wise man like the Heavenly Primogenitor was keenly aware of the details in Luo Zheng's words. He asked, "I only gave you nine people in my memory. You seem to be sure that there are ten people?"
"Well …" Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment before answering truthfully, "I heard from another place that there are ten people from the human race who plan to complete The End, and the first person is called the Ancestor of Humanity. It is said that the Nirvana Token used is the Heart of Limits and the Great Overdraft Stone …"
Luo Zheng had memorized every single word that Prince Ashoka had said, even though he had never seen why the Heart of Limits and the Great Overdraft Stone were Nirvana Tokens.
"Who is the other one?" Yuanshi Tianzun asked.
King Ashoka had originally gotten rid of Luo Zheng to search for the Nirvana Realm humans. Now that Luo Zheng had found them, there was no need to hide. He said, "That person is also a member of the 77th civilization, but he is not in the Nirvana Realm …"
"What? Impossible! "
Yuanshi Tianzun's eyes were filled with disbelief.
As a member of the 77th civilization, he naturally knew about the human race.
Other than the batch that entered the Nirvana Realm, the rest of the humans in the 77th civilization had all fallen and become part of the Chaos.
Other than the top masters, this batch of humans in the Nirvana Realm were either dead or injured. Most of them hid in the 33 Levels of Heaven to prolong their feeble existence.
As for humans like Luo Zheng, they were the seeds that Yuanshi Tianzun and the rest had quietly spread …
Other than these three places, there could not be any other exceptions!
Luo Zheng's heart was filled with admiration for this Yuanshi Tianzun. Seeing his shocked expression, he could not help but smile and said, "That person is indeed from the 77th civilization. However, he was able to escape the destruction of the Chaos because of an exception."
"Exception? What exception? "Yuanshi Tianzun asked in confusion.
"The Child of Truth of the 77th civilization banished him into a unique space," Luo Zheng said.
"That unique space is called the Abandoned Ash Land. The Child of Truth you mentioned is a member of the Red Cloud Beast Clan. This Red Cloud Beast is on the opposite side of us. It has banished many of its clansmen, including my son, Tung Wang Kung." Yuanshi Tianzun nodded. "However, the Abandoned Ash Land will be emptied every once in a while. Everything in it will be cleaned up!"
Tung Wang Kung was Emperor Dong Hua. He was thrown into the Abandoned Ash Land and was completely emptied. Naturally, he could not follow Yuanshi Tianzun to the Nirvana Realm.
"I heard that the space will indeed be emptied. However, that person not only avoided it but also destroyed it. Since the 77th civilization, everything that was thrown into the space has been preserved. That person even took away some of the rights of the space," Luo Zheng replied.
Yuanshi Tianzun was surprised. He smiled and asked, "A person who can be thrown into the Abandoned Ash Land by the Red Cloud Beast can't be a nobody. There really is such a strange existence in the Human Tribe. What is his name?"
"His name is Prince Ashoka," Luo Zheng replied.
"Prince Ashoka?"
Yuanshi Tianzun was stunned. He had an amazing memory. If there was such a person, it was impossible for him not to remember.
"When I was reading the memory given by the predecessor, I also wanted to look for Prince Ashoka. However, no one could match him." Luo Zheng nodded. "I was banished to the Abandoned Ash Land mentioned by the predecessor. There, I met Prince Ashoka. He asked me to find you …"
Luo Zheng also told him what happened in the space.
Strangely, Yuanshi Tianzun was not surprised by the "Mysterious World". Or rather, it seemed that he knew something about it.
After hearing Luo Zheng's story, Yuanshi Tianzun smiled. "He wants to create another Nirvana Realm. Hehe …"
"It's a pity that Prince Ashoka can't enter the Chaos or the Nirvana Realm because of the rules. However, I can still enter it. If the predecessor needs to pass on any message, I can help pass on the message," Luo Zheng said.
"There's no hurry." Yuanshi Tianzun waved his hand as he spoke.
All the illusions collapsed in an instant. The Star Field, the world, and so on all turned into nothingness. It was like a dream.
Luo Zheng stood in the center of the temple hall. Feng Ge and the human woman were nowhere to be seen.
"Young man, come here," the statue in the center said.
Luo Zheng naturally understood that this statue was the Yuanshi Tianzun he saw in the illusion. Logically speaking, these statues around him should have their own wisdom. He had seen them one by one.

Chapter 3273
When they first entered the Heaven-splitting Temple, the Moon Fire Slave wanted to snatch the scroll, but he was killed by the Heavenly Lord of Origin with one finger.
Luo Zheng was naturally aware that the significance of this scroll was probably extraordinary.
"You seem to have cultivated many kinds of True Meaning of Tao?" asked the Heavenly Lord of Origin.
"Yes, there are three kinds in total," Luo Zheng nodded.
Strictly speaking, Luo Zheng cultivated five kinds of True Meaning of Tao.
However, the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction and the True Meaning of Tao in his body could not bear the Nirvana Token.
Luo Zheng could already tell that the Heavenly Lord of Origin wanted Luo Zheng to fuse with the scroll.
The Heavenly Lord of Origin nodded and said, "Give up the position of the True Meaning of Tao. This scroll is the weapon of civilization of the human race. You can fuse with it."
"This …" Luo Zheng hesitated and said, "I'm afraid it's not appropriate."
"What's not appropriate? Do you know the meaning of a weapon of civilization?" The Heavenly Lord of Origin smiled.
There were not many races that could leave behind a weapon of civilization in the Nirvana Realm. The Heavenly Lord of Origin thought that Luo Zheng did not know the meaning of the weapon of civilization.
"I know," Luo Zheng nodded.
The Heavenly Lord of Origin was also a very senior figure. Whether it was the Nirvana Realm or the Chaos, he should be much better than the Green Jade Spirit and 9527.
Not to mention the use of the weapon of civilization of the human race, as long as he could be taught by the Heavenly Lord of Origin, it would be a blessing for Luo Zheng!
"Then why is it not appropriate?" asked the Heavenly Lord of Origin curiously.
"Because the True Meaning of Tao also bears another weapon of civilization," answered Luo Zheng.
The Heavenly Lord of Origin's lifelike statue raised his eyebrows slightly.
The test of the Heaven-splitting Temple was actually not very strict. Because only one Nirvana Token was given out, there was only one chance to choose the target.
Therefore, when the many masters of the civilization met Luo Zheng, most of them just went along the same route. Some masters even took the opportunity to teach Luo Zheng Theurgy …
Subconsciously, they didn't take Luo Zheng's strength seriously.
After all, the human civilization in the past was a civilization full of geniuses. The probability of someone as lucky as them being born in the chaos of the future was next to nothing.
However, Luo Zheng's answer surprised the Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning once again.
Civilizations that could hide on the other side were all powerful dominator grade civilizations. Even dominator grade civilizations would find it difficult to climb to a higher level. Civilizations that could gather an artifact of civilization were already extremely powerful!
Such a powerful civilization was willing to choose this human youth?
"Which civilization is it?" The Primeval Lord of Heaven asked again.
"Green Jade Civilization," Luo Zheng answered.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, the Primeval Lord of Heaven was surprised again.
When the Green Jade Civilization was at its peak, it was one of the top ten civilizations …
"Being able to obtain an artifact of civilization is a great opportunity for you." The Primeval Lord of Heaven nodded. "However, artifacts of civilization are heterogeneous and can accommodate many types of True Meaning of Dao. You have cultivated the True Meaning of Good and Evil, so it's possible for you to use it as a vessel."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face revealed an awkward expression, and he simply said, "Well, the True Meaning of Good and Evil also carries an Instrument of Civilization …"
The Tianzhi Civilization's artifact of civilization was still issuing missions day and night. Luo Zheng had been busy recently and didn't pay attention to this artifact of civilization.
However, when needed, it was no problem to extract a few thousand Godly Jun's power from it.
After hearing this, the Primeval Lord of Heaven's eyes, which were carved from stone, faintly twitched.
Fusing with an artifact of civilization was a great opportunity for anyone. This guy in front of him had fused with two, and now he was going to fuse with a third …
The Primeval Lord of Heaven turned his head and his gaze fell on the statue of Chiyou.
A red light flashed from the statue of Chiyou, and a smile appeared on all three heads.
Although the seed he spread was considered a failure, he felt a little proud that such a junior was born in Jiuli.
Although he wasn't the Chiyou from the mother world, Luo Zheng's Jiuli bloodline was genuine!
"Then you're only left with the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate." The Primeval Lord of Heaven asked cautiously this time. "This True Meaning of Dao wouldn't have fused with a Nirvana Realm Token, right?"
"No, the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Fate carries the Totem of the Mighty God. This Nirvana Realm Token originally had to be adjusted," Luo Zheng replied.
"That's great! Now start carrying it, "the Primeval Lord of Heaven said.
Then, he waved his hand and threw out Feng Ge and the human girl from the starry sky illusion not far away.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven glanced at the girl coldly and said, "I didn't kill you not only because of the rules. I can't kill you in the temple, but it's easy to trap you in the illusion."
Hearing this, the human girl's face turned pale.
She knew that they couldn't kill her in the Heaven-Splitting Temple, but the illusion was under their control. They definitely had many ways to harm her, but she still foolishly went in …
"Nuwa has already said what should be said to you. Pass on those words to my junior brother. Now, you can leave," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said coldly.
After the human girl passed the Six Desires Pass, she met Nuwa's soul. As a member of the same race, some words were naturally suitable for Nuwa to say.
She looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated gaze. She wanted to remember Luo Zheng's appearance.
Unfortunately, Luo Zheng's body was blurry, and she naturally saw it. She walked out of the Heaven-Splitting Temple gloomily.
Luo Zheng was also speechless.
The junior brother of the Primeval Lord of Heaven?
From the memory given by the Primeval Lord of Heaven, Luo Zheng knew that he had a senior brother and a junior brother. The senior brother was the leader of the Ren Sect, Taishang Laojun, and the junior brother was the leader of the Jie Sect, Tongtian.
Tongtian betrayed the Nirvana Realm Human Tribe and became a member of the Wu Kong Tribe?
While Luo Zheng was making wild guesses, the girl had already left the temple.
Then, the Primeval Lord of Heaven held the blue book in his hand and gently waved it in the air.
"Rumble …"
The entire temple began to shake.
The strategy chosen by the human race was very similar to that of the Green Jade Civilization, but there were essential differences.
The Green Jade Civilization hid in the lower heavens and directly crossed a big world.
The strength of the human race was much stronger, and they stood in the seventeenth layer of heaven. Those big races still couldn't do anything to the human race's celestial temples!
Feng Ge saw the movements around him and showed a nervous expression. He walked toward Luo Zheng.
She also passed the Six Desires Pass in the end and saw Di Jun.
The man who had the same bloodline as her and was beautiful and flirtatious.

Chapter 3274
Emperor Jun had heard some news from Luo Zheng and guessed the reason for Feng Ge's disgust.
He asked who Feng Ge was willing to see.
Among the 39 statues, the only one Feng Ge was willing to see was his father, Donghuang Taiyi.
Emperor Jun transferred Feng Ge into the Starry Sword Realm. Feng Ge met his father, and Donghuang even taught him a sword technique.
After leaving the starry illusion, Feng Ge was still in a trance.
Donghuang Taiyi's understanding of the sword was even better than her father's. She didn't know if her father knew about this. If she left the Nirvana Realm, she should tell her father about this.
"Rumble …"
As the temple continued to rumble, everything inside the temple began to peel off and crack!
"Swoosh!"
In the corner of the hall, a stone pillar exploded. A space floated inside the stone pillar. There were towns and mountains in the space, forming a world of its own. In this world, there were also people from the 77th civilization.
After the human race withdrew most of their forces, most of the people from the Nirvana Realm entered these spaces.
"Whoosh —"
That space opened up to the scroll.
"Boom!"
Another stone pillar broke, and the space inside the stone pillar drilled into the book again.
After breaking 18 stone pillars, there were 18 spaces. The scale was much larger than that of the Green Jade Civilization.
After the 18 spaces drilled into the book, the surface of the statues also broke, and all the souls quickly drilled into the book.
The weapons of civilization of the human race were similar to those of the Green Jade Civilization, but there were also differences.
Whether it was the Yuanshi Tianzun, Nuwa, or Fuxi, their real bodies were in the 33rd Level of Heaven. These were just souls of their souls, similar to the form of 9527.
However, other than these 30 people, most of the things of the 77th civilization were stored in the book.
The Green Jade Civilization was different.
The Green Jade City was still located in the 13th Level of Heaven. However, Luo Zheng could also borrow the power of Shenjun through the weapons of civilization of the Green Jade Civilization.
There was still a big difference between the two. At the very least, Luo Zheng had obtained the complete trust of the 39 heroes after meeting them!
"Swish, swish, swish, swish …" The book was like a bottomless black hole.
Under the endless absorption, the huge temple continued to collapse. Like a building weathered by time, it quickly gathered towards the inside of the scroll.
Not long after, Luo Zheng, Feng Ge, and the Heavenly Primogenitor stood where they were. However, the temple was nowhere to be seen. They could only vaguely make out the foundation of the temple …
When Luo Zheng and Feng Ge first found this temple, they saw these foundations. If it were not for the statue of Heavenly Lord Yuanshi standing next to them, he would have thought that he was dreaming.
"Bear it!"
"Whoosh —"
The statue of the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi also began to erode. His spirit went into the book, and the book floated toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng reached out and took the scroll. After studying it for a while, he handed it to Feng Ge.
"Why is that?"
The voice of Heavenly Lord Yuanshi came from the Weapon of Civilization.
As the Weapon of Civilization, the book had been given to Luo Zheng. Heavenly Lord Yuanshi naturally did not want it to fall into the hands of others.
"My physical body cannot bear the Nirvana token. Only when my soul returns to the Nirvana Realm can I bear it," Luo Zheng explained.
Luo Zheng could not change the rules of the Nirvana Realm. He could only ask for Feng Ge's help to pass this Nirvana token to his Yang soul.
After Feng Ge put the book into the Sumeru Space, the two left the area.
Compared to entering the Kai Tian Temple, leaving was much simpler.
After Luo Zheng and Feng Ge left, the three gourd-shaped ring areas naturally became the Gobi Desert, the grassland, and the desert.
Luo Zheng did not plan to stay in the Seventeenth Heaven. He and Feng Ge walked along the intersection of the desert and the grassland all the way north.
However, they did not travel far before Luo Zheng's gaze focused on a few fist-sized caves not far away. These caves flickered with soybean-sized dim lights. They were the Mottled Rats that the Wu Kong Clan controlled.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he went straight for those caves.
Seeing this, the Mottled Rats hiding in the caves retreated deeper into the caves.
The Wu Kong Clan most likely would not give up on that temple. If he let these Mottled Rats monitor him all the way, it might bring about huge trouble.
Luo Zheng reached out and gently pressed on the entrance of the cave. His hands clasped on the ground, and the power of Shen Jun suddenly erupted. Then, he slammed down heavily along the entrance of the cave.
"Whoosh …"
Under the pressure of the huge force, the caves below this area all collapsed. Naturally, those Mottled Rats could not escape with their lives.
The caves that the Mottled Rats dug were very complicated. With Luo Zheng's power alone, he naturally could not completely clear them out.
But at the same time that he sealed the caves in this area, Luo Zheng's lightning wings spread, and he pulled Feng Ge up high into the air. After flying west for a distance, they began to head north again … …
… …
The human girl dragged her snake tail and headed northeast. Under the guidance of the Mottled Rats, she burrowed into a cave that was about a shoulder wide.
The bottom of this underground cave was the headquarters of the Mottled Rats.
Even though the Mottled Rats were intelligent beings, the living environment of the rats made it hard for her to compliment them. There were some strange smells that made her want to vomit.
After traveling several hundred zhang in the underground cave, the area in front of her finally opened up.
What appeared in front of her was a shining golden snake!
This golden snake had originally been placed here by the Wu Kong Clan. After the Mottled Rats discovered the Moon Fire Slaves, they had relied on this golden snake to pass on the information.
The human girl reached out and gently stroked the head of the golden snake.
The golden snake, which was like a golden sculpture, opened its eyes at this moment and flicked out its tongue.
"Hiss hiss … …"
After confirming her identity, the golden snake coiled around the human girl's body and coiled around her.
This golden snake could not only be used to pass on information, it could also tell if the sender was lying.
After the human girl was coiled around, the snake's head moved in front of her. At the same time, it spoke in a strange voice, "The Shen Temple has opened?"
"It has opened … …" the human girl replied.
"You saw them?" The strange voice that came from the snake's mouth was somewhat agitated.
"I saw them, but I was chased out," the human girl said in a low voice.
This time, not only had she lost a Wu Kong Spirit, she had also completely failed in her mission.
"Hiss!"
The golden snake coiled around the human girl let out an ear-piercing sound, and its golden body suddenly contracted.
Even though the human girl came from the Higher Heavens, under the suppression of her body, it was difficult for her to resist this powerful force. The bones in her body immediately made several cracking sounds.

Chapter 3275
The woman's face faintly revealed a pained expression, but she did not make any sound. On the phone:
This was the punishment she deserved.
It could be imagined that an even more severe punishment awaited her when she returned to the seventh level of heaven.
Just as she was feeling uneasy, the golden snake spoke again, "You don't have to return for now."
"Not returning?" the woman asked.
Her first reaction was to get her to take back the light weapon.
However, those two people were extremely strong in the 17th level of heaven. She might not be their match. Moreover, that guy must have already obtained the light weapon. How could she take it back?
"Continue down and find a human man called Evil Deities. He's a Yang soul," the golden snake said again.
Descending like this, her strength was suppressed and she felt very uncomfortable.
If she continued down, the pressure on the woman would be even stronger.
Although she was somewhat unwilling, she asked, "He's just a Yang soul. Why are you looking for him?"
In the woman's eyes, the humans in the mother world were just delusions left behind by the 77th Ming. They were just a group of failed replicas.
"Lure him into the Life Termination Bone Ground," the golden snake said again.
"What!"
The woman's eyes revealed a trace of surprise.
Every Ming and every big clan had many secrets hidden in the Nirvana Realm.
The Genryū, the Wu Kong clan, and even the human race naturally did not lack such secrets. The Life Termination Bone Ground was one of them.
"Letting a Yang soul enter the Life Termination Bone Ground, isn't it too …" the woman asked hesitantly.
Even she did not have the qualifications to enter the Life Termination Bone Ground to cultivate. How could she be willing to let an unknown guy enter?
"Do as I say. Find him, find him in the shortest time possible. I don't want any more mistakes to happen. Otherwise … you understand!"
The golden snake's final threat made the woman tremble.
After the golden snake finished speaking, the golden light in its eyes dimmed. The snake wrapped around the woman's body also loosened.
The woman frowned and repeated the words "Evil Deities". After glancing at the surrounding Mottled Rats, she burrowed into another small cave …
…
In the 17th level of heaven, after hiding Feng Ge's body, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge both left the Paramita Realm.
He did not walk out of the secret cultivation room. Instead, he began to fuse with the Paramita Token.
In his inner world, the aura of the Sword Fate Eternal True Meaning slowly spread out, and the scroll gradually descended.
"Whoosh …"
When the scroll descended, the Primeval Lord of Heaven had already flown out of the scroll and stood high in the sky.
He lowered his head to take a look, and a strange expression appeared on his face. "This inner world …"
"Why is it a place of origin?" Another figure floated out. It was Zhu Rong, one of the thirty-nine statues.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Then, the souls left the book and looked at the world.
Their reactions were the same as Heavenly Lord Yuanshi's. They were very surprised when they noticed that this was a Land of Beginnings.
There was a way to open up a Land of Beginnings, but the Heavenly Lord of the Origin and the people present had never heard of the Inner World becoming a Land of Beginnings.
"How interesting. How did this kid do it?" Fuxi asked as he looked into the distance.
Goddess Nvywa shook her head. She stared at the Heavenly Lord of the Origin and said, "This place of origin can be …"
"Fighting for the mother world is the right way," the Heavenly Lord of the Origin interrupted Goddess Nvywa.
Luo Zheng's incarnation floated not far away. Naturally, Luo Zheng heard the conversation of these souls clearly. According to what the Heavenly Lord of the Origin said, they were still planning to fight for the mother world?
At this time, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Can you tell me why your inner world has become like this?"
Luo Zheng did not hide too much. He smiled and briefly explained the Primal Chaos Secret Arts and his master, Gu Bei.
When the Spirit of Green Jade saw the Land of Beginnings, he also had a strange expression.
The Spirit of Green Jade also knew the origin of the Land of Beginnings, but he had never seen anyone's inner world like this …
After listening to Luo Zheng's words, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin looked thoughtful.
His deep eyes seemed to have a clue about this matter, but he was not particularly sure. In the end, he just waved at Luo Zheng and said, "Carry the scroll, and we will help you!"
It was easy to carry this weapon of light. Under the escort of the Heavenly Lord of the Origin, there was almost no difficulty.
After the chains wrapped around the book, the Bright Weapon was finally settled.
The three weapons of light stood side by side, exuding an indescribable aura.
At this time, a figure flew over. It was Luo Nian.
After Luo Nian called "Father" with a smile, he went straight to Tian Zhiming's weapon of light.
A mechanical voice came from Tian Zhiming's weapon of light, "Earth-level C grade mission, expand the Red Lotus Divine Kingdom, occupy …"
"Accept the mission!" Luo Nian said seriously.
"Buzz …"
With a bright light from the weapon of light, Luo Nian successfully accepted the mission. He cupped his hands to Luo Zheng again and flew away excitedly.
Luo Zheng did not pay too much attention to the inner world during this time. His thoughts turned slightly, and all the memories of Luo Nian in this world entered his mind.
Only then did he realize that Luo Nian could cultivate in this way.
Luo Nian had the Spirit of Green Jade as his master, so he was very hardworking in the inner world.
However, he was unable to cross to the Nirvana Realm in the world within his body. Even if the body refinement technique that the Spirit of the Green Jade passed on to him was abnormally profound, and with the cultivation of a True God, there was a huge gap between him and a Nirvana Realm expert.
By chance, Luo Nian found that the cube floating in the sky had been issuing missions.
Some of the missions sounded incredible, and were far from what Luo Nian could do.
However, some of the missions were simple and could be completed in the inner world. Luo Nian wanted to try, so he accepted one of the missions. After completing it, the cube gave him physical strength!
How could Luo Nian resist such a simple and crude method of improvement?
During this time, he accepted missions from the weapons of light almost every day and night, and Luo Nian's physical body and strength were constantly increasing. It had reached more than 30 Divine Jun!
For the current Luo Zheng, it was normal for his pure strength to reach the power of more than thirty Divine Jun.
However, 30 Divine Jun was enough to become a Banner Lord in Dragon City.
And this guy had not even stepped into the Sea of Truth …
Heavenly Lord Yuanshi and the other spirits were also looking at the other two weapons of light.
Every weapon of light represented a light behind it. Heavenly Lord Yuanshi was naturally willing to meet the Spirit of Green Jade. As for Tian Zhiming, they had already seen him. He was a light that could not be communicated with at all.

Chapter 3276
The Spirit of Green Jade welcomed the arrival of the Human Race.
The Spirit of Green Jade had seen the masters of the Human Race from King Ashoka. This race that had almost disappeared from the Nirvana Realm was once a powerful existence that could fight against the Elemental Spirit Civilization.
What was important was that their interests were aligned.
After talking with the Spirit of Green Jade, the Primeval Lord of Heaven requested Luo Zheng to release the people in the Instrument of Civilization.
There were a total of 18 independent spaces in the Temple of Creation. Each space had hundreds of thousands of people living in it. A considerable number of these people were born in the Nirvana Realm, but nearly half of them were born in the 77th Civilization.
Although these people were not the top masters at that time, they were still considered important figures.
Luo Zheng did not refuse the request. However, with so many people in his body, he naturally needed a new space.
As his thoughts flashed, the Sea of Chaos in the distance began to tremble. A huge object was born under the sea. This object pushed all the seawater in all directions, forming a new continent.
"Senior Primeval Lord of Heaven, just place these spaces on this continent," Luo Zheng said.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven waved his hand gently. The pages of the book kept opening and closing. The 18 spaces descended from the sky and landed on the continent. Scattered people walked out of the spaces and looked around at this new world with strange expressions.
Fu Xi, Chi You, Gong Gong, and the other powerful beings flew down and guided their clansmen.
Since Luo Zheng had given this continent to them, they would naturally rebuild their homes on it.
These people had been hiding in the temple for too long. Since the defeat of the Human Race, most of the weaker people hid in the spaces and placed in the Temple of Creation. After countless years, they could see the light of day again. Naturally, they felt different.
After looking at these people, Luo Zheng naturally had some doubts in his heart.
"Senior Primeval Lord of Heaven, as far as I know, since the world in my body is the place of origin, then these people should be considered to have returned from the Nirvana Realm to the Chaos?" Luo Zheng asked.
As the leader of the Human Race, the Primeval Lord of Heaven was extremely knowledgeable.
However, after hearing Luo Zheng's question, he was stunned. Obviously, he was stumped by Luo Zheng's question.
In principle, the Nirvana Realm and Chaos were worlds that were separated from each other.
Once one entered the Nirvana Realm, there was no turning back.
For more than a thousand chaos epochs, the creatures of the Nirvana Realm had used all kinds of methods to influence the civilizations, but none of them had ever come to the Chaos!
This truth has never been overstepped.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven took advantage of a loophole in the Nirvana Realm and sent the seeds of the human race to the Nirvana Realm. Other races did the same, causing the chaos of this Chaos Era.
However, what they sent down were only 'seeds', not their actual bodies.
Even if the original body of the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi had left the Nirvana Realm, he would still be killed by the truth. There was no other possibility.
"Indeed." The Primeval Lord of Heaven nodded affirmatively.
"The Land of Beginnings and the Inner World are two different concepts. The Land of Beginnings is located in the Chaos. Of course, we have come to the Mother World," Nuwa added.
"But why didn't we get punished by the truth?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Thinking about it carefully, his Inner World was considered the Land of Beginnings a long time ago. Then, when Luo Zheng carried the first token of the Nirvana Realm, he had brought the things from the Nirvana Realm into the Chaos.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven pondered for a while, and a bitter smile appeared on his face.
The Mother World was another Land of Beginnings, but the Mother World was not anyone's Inner World. It was the thousands of creatures in the Mother World that carried the token of the Nirvana Realm.
Luo Zheng was a special case. It was his first time coming into contact with it, so he could not give an answer.
"Maybe it's because this place is not connected to the outside world. If it's really connected to the Chaos, us spirits, them, and even the token of the Nirvana Realm would not be spared," Nuwa speculated.
"It's possible," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said.
From this point of view, there were not many benefits for them to enter Luo Zheng's Inner World. Instead, there were hidden worries.
"Then what should we do?" Luo Zheng frowned.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven smiled faintly and said, "Don't worry. There are thousands of mysteries in the world, and all of them have their solutions. The Land of Beginnings has its own meaning. Since your Inner World could be born, there must be a solution. We just have to slowly search for it."
The Heavenly Lord Yuanshi loved to explore the mysteries that could not be understood. This was also the intention of the Sect of Enlightenment that he founded. Even though he had lived for countless years, he still had a tireless exploration of all things.
"That's true," Luo Zheng nodded.
His Inner World was scattered in a corner of the Chaos. It was not big, and the possibility of it being found was very small. These worries were unnecessary.
…
Evil Deities waited for Shentu's message in the Thirteenth Heaven, asking the Evil Deities to wait at the foot of Tianhe Mountain in the Fourteenth Heaven.
If it was in the past, the Evil Deities would not necessarily listen to Shentu's orders.
In fact, during his short time on the Kurofune, he had disobeyed Shentu many times.
But this time, the Evil Deities had no choice. He had to stay on the other side in exchange for a short period of freedom.
After receiving the order, the Evil Deities passed through the energy vortex and went straight to the City of Thousands Spirits.
Luo Zheng had set aside a Soul Crystal for the Evil Deities in the City of Thousands Spirits. The Evil Deities did not want to take it. They could strengthen themselves simply by fusing with souls. He did not urgently need the Soul Crystal, and at the same time, he did not want to owe Luo Zheng a favor.
But if he did not take it and left, he was afraid that it would arouse Luo Zheng's suspicion.
As Luo Zheng's Tao Refinement Body, any flaw could bring destruction, so he had to be careful.
After absorbing the Soul Crystal, the Evil Deities left the City of Thousands Spirits.
It was common to explore the Fourteenth Heaven, so the Evil Deities' actions did not arouse suspicion.
After finding the Tianhe Mountain, the Evil Deities waited patiently.
The Evil Deities had always been very confident, but he was not sure whether he could escape from Luo Zheng this time.
"Rumble …"
He waited for a while at the foot of the Tianhe Mountain. Suddenly, he heard a chaotic sound of beast hooves coming from the mountain, as if thousands of horses were running wildly.
The Evil Deities looked up and saw a group of unicorns running down the mountain path not far away!
The Evil Deities' souls were powerful, but it was difficult for him to face the Nirvana Realm monsters head-on!
The only thought in his mind was to escape.
But just as the Evil Deities was about to take a step, he suddenly felt his feet were nailed to the ground, unable to move!
"Break Illusion Spell!"
The Evil Deities knew that something was wrong, so he immediately chanted the Break Illusion Spell to escape from the Nirvana Realm.

Chapter 3277
"Rumble …"
Thousands of unicorn horses galloped towards Evil Deities. If he was crushed by these unicorn horses, he would definitely die!
"Break the illusion spell!"
Evil Deities forcefully chanted the illusion spell. His Yang Soul flickered as he tried to break free from the Paramita.
However, that green thread firmly locked his Yang Soul in the Paramita. Even if he was as strong as Evil Deities, how could he possibly resist?
Seeing the unicorn horses getting closer and closer to him, Evil Deities had thousands of thoughts in his mind …
In his moment of despair, all the unicorn horses seemed to be frightened. They did not dare to charge towards Evil Deities. Instead, they rushed towards the sides …
"This …"
Evil Deities looked at this scene in a daze. He did not understand what was happening at all.
"The souls wandering in the Paramita are too weak, hehe …"
A disdainful voice sounded.
At some point in time, a woman had appeared on a flight of stairs not far away. However, half of this woman's body was contained within a red ball.
"Who are you?" Evil Deities asked with rapt attention.
Evil Deities could be said to be rampaging in the Paramita. Apart from restraining himself in the Eleventh Heaven, his arrogance was even fiercer than Luo Zheng's.
However, the woman in front of him gave him the feeling that she was the one who posed the greatest threat!
"There's no need for you to know," the woman replied coldly.
As soon as she finished speaking, an extremely strong aura suddenly burst forth from Evil Deities' Yang Soul. Dense and full of killing intent was hidden within it. It was as if a real sword was being brandished.
If it was an ordinary Yang Soul, this aura would be enough to injure them.
However, the woman in front of him was not an ordinary person. Evil Deities was not a fool either.
When he could clearly distinguish the target, the aura only erupted for a moment before dissipating. It was as if it had never existed.
When the woman saw this person's performance, her face revealed a look of surprise.
That kind of killing intent was definitely not something an ordinary person could erupt with …
Which one of those who had the qualifications to be lured into the Bone Extinction Grounds did not possess great talent?
To be able to boldly step into the Bone Extinction Ground with just a mere Yang Soul, this person probably had an inestimable value.
Thinking of the Sect Master's instructions, she sighed in her heart and said, "Just call me Fairy Qiong Xiao. I'm under orders to bring you to the Bone End."
"What is that place? Can it help me break free from the control of others' Dao Refinement clones? "The Evil God asked.
However, as long as it was Luo Zheng's body, the Evil Deities would not be able to rest in peace.
He could pursue these Opportunities, Blessed Lands, and Evil Deities himself, but the key was how to escape from the control of the Dao Refinement Body.
"The Dao refines the body …" Fairy Qiong Xiao looked enlightened. No wonder she needed to lure him into the Life Extermination Bone Land. So that was the reason.
It was indeed difficult to break away from the Dao Refinement Body, but the Life Severing Bone Lands could indeed do it.
Using the Absolute Life Bone Lands to solve the problem of the Dao Refinement Body was indeed feasible, but it was making a mountain out of a molehill.
"Can I?" Evil Deities stared at Fairy Qiong Xiao and asked. Evil Deities saw hope from her expression.
"Indeed." Fairy Qiong Xiao nodded.
Upon hearing this answer, the Evil God's attitude took a 180-degree turn. He actually bowed respectfully to the woman, and his voice was a little excited, "If possible, please bring me there, Fairy Qiong Xiao!"
This was probably the most polite Evil Deities had ever been in his life.
A hint of pride surfaced in Fairy Qiong Xiao's heart. Then, she said, "Just follow me to the upper heavens."
The red ball below her floated and flew up the mountain. Evil Deities followed closely behind.
However, just as they arrived in front of the star ring, Evil Deities' expression changed.
Fairy Qiong Xiao turned around and looked at Evil Deities strangely. She asked, "What's wrong?"
"Someone forcefully woke me up." Evil Deities was a little nervous for the first time.
After all, this trip concerned whether he could obtain freedom or not. Evil Deities' fearless arrogance was completely restrained.
Usually, when one entered the Nirvana Realm to cultivate, the outside world would not wake them up unless there was a major change or something important to discuss.
"You can find a reason to say that you entered the temple and can't leave the Nirvana Realm." Fairy Qiong Xiao came up with an idea. To be honest, her prejudice against Evil Deities had not disappeared. She just wanted to complete the mission as soon as possible.
"That's not a good reason." Evil Deities shook his head. Judging from the atmosphere he felt after entering Ten Thousand Spirits City, Luo Zheng had complete control over the Fourteenth Heaven. Such a lie would be too easily exposed.
"Then what do you want?" Fairy Qiong Xiao said impatiently.
Although Luo Zheng could not sense what Evil Deities was doing in the Nirvana Realm, Luo Zheng could still understand through his memories.
"Fairy Qiong Xiao, do you have a way to change memories?" Evil Deities asked.
Evil Deities could erase his memories.
The problem was that after erasing his memories, there would be a blank memory in the body of the Dao Refinement Clone. This would be a confession and would deepen Luo Zheng's suspicion.
Fairy Qiong Xiao looked at Evil Deities impatiently. She reached into the red ball with one of her jade-like arms and pulled gently. She took out a mini dipper. "This item is called the Primordial Chaos Golden Dipper. There is a world in the dipper. This world can change according to your thoughts. You can enter and create a world …"
Evil Deities' eyes flashed. Without hesitation, he jumped into the Primordial Chaos Golden Dipper.
Since the world of the Primordial Chaos Golden Dipper could change according to his thoughts, he thought of the memories of the Thirteenth Heaven, the memories of flipping through the energy vortex, and even the memories of exploring the Fourteenth Heaven Temple. With these memories, he could remove his memories about the Nirvana Realm and deceive Luo Zheng.
…
Evil Deities had a guilty conscience. He suspected that Luo Zheng was trying to forcefully awaken him.
However, at this moment, a sharp horn sounded in the entire Land of Sword Grief. The array in front of every secret cultivation room was activated.
When the array was activated, it also began to awaken the people in the secret cultivation rooms.
Whether they were cultivating in seclusion or walking on the Nirvana Realm, they were all summoned by the array.
Except for a few disciples who could not get out of the temple, whether they were on the first floor or the third floor, they all walked out of the secret cultivation rooms after receiving the order.
Luo Zheng had left the Nirvana Realm early and had been studying the artifacts of the human race's civilization.
After hearing the sound, he raised his eyebrows. He got up and pushed open the door of the secret cultivation room. He saw many disciples on the second floor gathered in the corridor, all of them worried.
"What happened?"
"Is he summoning everyone in the Land of Sword Grief?"
"I'm afraid it's not that simple …"
The disciples in the Land of Sword Grief were considered quite powerful in Tai Yi Heavenly Palace, so the environment in the Land of Sword Grief was very relaxed.
As long as they finished the challenge at the beginning of the month, they were basically free to come and go. It was rare to gather everyone like this.
In the secret cultivation rooms on the third floor, the doors were also opened.
There were only a dozen disciples on the third floor. Even if these people were placed outside the Heavenly Palace, they were basically independent existences.
Even they had strange expressions on their faces when they heard the horn.
"Click …"

Chapter 3278
The moment this woman went out, she attracted the attention of all the male disciples on the third floor.
There were a total of 13 people on the third floor, 12 of them were male and only one woman.
It was this woman who was indeed above all men.
And they were certain that no one in the past or the future would surpass her.
This woman was Li Bianxue, ranked number one in the entire Land of Sword Grief.
In terms of gender, she naturally did not have an advantage. In terms of age, she was also the youngest. But in terms of strength, all the men on the third floor submitted to her.
"Xue 'er, you're out?" A handsome man came over. This man was the eldest son of the Mountain Master of Great Brightness Mountain, Liu Hen, ranked number seven in the third floor.
"Bianxue, where did you go after such a long seclusion? I've been waiting for you in Soul City but you didn't appear, "a long-haired man said softly from the other side.
This person was called Ming Tingyue, the son of the Mountain Master of Great Brightness Mountain.
When the men on the third floor saw Li Bianxue, they could not help but fawn over her.
Li Bianxue just said coldly, "I've been in seclusion recently, I didn't go to Paramita …"
"Did sister Xue 'er's remarkable power have a breakthrough again?" Liu Hen asked.
Li Bianxue shook her head, pointed outside and said, "We're going down, Senior He Chi is here."
With that, she took a step forward.
Her figure flashed and she walked down from the third floor without anyone noticing. It was as if the distance between the two of them was only a single step!
"Li Bianxue greets Senior He Chi," Li Bianxue bowed.
"Xue 'er is too polite," A smile appeared on He Chi's face.
Li Bianxue was introduced to Great Brightness Heavenly Palace by He Chi. She was a gift from the heavens to Great Brightness Heavenly Palace.
Not long later, she would be someone who was on equal footing with He Chi.
But in Li Bianxue's heart, she had always treated He Chi as her master and was very respectful.
"Swish swish swish …"
The people on the third floor also jumped down from the windows and stood beside Li Bianxue, saluting He Chi one after another.
After the people on the third floor arrived, it was the turn of the disciples on the second floor.
Although Luo Zheng didn't know what had happened, he didn't hesitate. He flew up and landed behind the disciples of the Third Floor. At the same time, he cupped his hands and said to He Chi, "Greetings, Senior He Chi!"
"I've heard that you, Luo Zheng, are already ranked second on the Second Floor. You've indeed improved rapidly. You've truly lived up to everyone's expectations," He Chi said with a smile.
Heavenly festivals like He Chi and Qiu Yin River were usually tasked with searching for human geniuses.
The Dao Sword Palace founded by Qiu Yinhe also followed this convention and sent talents to the Great One Heavenly Palace. However, Qiu Yinhe lost a lot of disciples to the Great One Heavenly Palace, but only a few stood out.
He Chi had only brought in a few people, but with Li Bianxue, he was able to suppress the other Tian Jie Du.
Every time Li Bianxue's achievements were mentioned, even Qiu Yinhe would sigh. Li Bianxue was probably the most outstanding disciple since the establishment of Great Yi Heavenly Palace. If given enough time, she could even become a Mountain Lord!
Such a disciple was unprecedented.
When several Tian Jie Du gathered together, they also asserted that there would be no one like her in the future.
But not many years later, He Chi saw the newcomer. Naturally, it was Luo Zheng.
"This is the first on the Second Floor?"
"On the day he joined the Sword of Grief, he became the first on the First Floor. A month later, he became the first on the Second Floor..."
"It seems that he's even faster than Sister Xue 'er..."
The several disciples of the Third Floor had also heard of Luo Zheng, but they rarely came out of seclusion. Today was the first time they saw him.
Because Li Bianxue had been in seclusion for a long time, she was even more isolated from the news. She didn't know about Luo Zheng at all.
On the first day, he became the first on the First Floor. In the first month, he became the second on the Second Floor.
This speed was indeed far beyond Li Bianxue's.
Li Bianxue subconsciously turned her head and sized up Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng stood not far away. After noticing Li Bianxue's gaze, he nodded politely.
On the arena, Luo Zheng had heard of Li Bianxue's name more than once. But Luo Zheng wasn't too sure if the other party was male or female. Today, when he discovered that it was a petite girl, a strange glint flashed across Luo Zheng's eyes.
"You aren't part of this batch that entered the Chaotic Origin Great World?" Li Bianxue directly asked.
She believed that Luo Zheng wasn't part of this batch that just graduated from the Chaotic Origin Great World. Instead, he joined the Sword of Grief midway. Otherwise, it was impossible for him to achieve such results.
Before Luo Zheng could answer, someone had already helped by the side, "He is indeed part of this batch."
Hearing this answer, Li Bianxue's eyes flashed with a strange glint.
Her birth might not be good, but ever since she entered the Sword of Grief, she was treated like a princess.
Even the children of the Mountain Chieftains did not receive such treatment as she did!
Li Bianxue was naturally displeased by the sudden appearance of a person who broke her previous record and soared to the top.
But a genius was still a genius. She never thought that Luo Zheng would challenge her. Instead, she chuckled: "It's already the third month. Don't tell me you are planning to challenge me?"
Whether it was Li Bianxue or others from the Third Floor, it was impossible for Luo Zheng to do so.
Li Bianxue was not Zheng Shuangqi from the Second Floor.
Zheng Shuangqi might be stronger than others from the Second Floor, but the gap between him and the Third Floor was similarly huge.
That was also the reason why Zheng Shuangqi remained in the Second Floor for so long.
Who knew that Luo Zheng would nod and say: "I have the same intention."
Luo Zheng had just inherited the Human Race's book scroll. He was still trying to figure out how to use this Tool of Civilization.
According to what Heavenly Venerable Primordial Beginning said, he would bestow the book scroll with abilities according to Luo Zheng's needs.
One had to know that the book scroll contained the Qi Souls of the 39 Heroes of the Human Race!
Although these Qi Souls were not their true bodies, they had inherited their Divine Abilities. If the book scroll could unleash the power of these Qi Souls, wouldn't it be ever-changing?
Of course, the book scroll's abilities could not be tested in the Sword of Grief. But Luo Zheng had absorbed a large amount of Body Dipper Jades. Although he had not reached the limit of his physical body, he should not be far from the Desolate God Clan Physique Realm …
It would be good to check the enhancement of his physical body.
As for fighting for the first place in the Sword of Grief, that was not important to Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng's reply gave the disciples on the third floor a fright.
"This kid is really daring …"
"I admit that he is a genius, but we are not Zheng Shuangqi!"
"He wants to challenge Li Bianxue, haha …"
A few people from the Third Floor sneered at him.

Chapter 3279
Luo Zheng had just finished speaking when Ming Tingyue from Mount Taixiu snorted coldly. "Chun Hao is Chun Hao, Zheng Shuangqi is Zheng Shuangqi. How can these two good-for-nothings be compared to Beixue?"
When Ming Tingyue said this, Zheng Shuangqi also rushed over and Chun Hao was not far away.
When the two of them heard Ming Tingyue's words, their faces turned pale.
They had been famous in the Land of Sword Grief for a long time but were called good-for-nothings by Ming Tingyue.
However, Ming Tingyue was a disciple of the Third Floor and the future Tianjie Du. His status was extraordinary and even though Chun Hao had an extraordinary background, Ming Tingyue still did not take him seriously.
He Chi was also very surprised to see that Luo Zheng was so confident.
In this short period of time, Luo Zheng's cultivation level should have improved again …
Seeing that Li Bianxue was about to stare at Luo Zheng and was about to speak, He Chi beat her to it and said, "Actually, I am also looking forward to this challenge, but today is not the time. I am afraid the two of you won't have this chance. I have something important to announce now."
More than 90% of the disciples in the Land of Sword Grief had left the bronze building and gathered in front of He Chi.
It was definitely not a small matter to call all the disciples out.
The originally noisy environment suddenly quietened down and everyone stared at He Chi.
"Guanshan State has fallen," He Chi said.
Hearing this, all the disciples' faces were filled with surprise.
"Could it be that the Mountain River Fortress has fallen?"
"That's not possible …"
"If Guanshan State has fallen, wouldn't it be …"
Guanshan Prefecture itself was not important, but the entire prefecture was guarding the eastern and western gates. If Guanshan Prefecture was lost, the next few large prefectures would open their doors to Golden Crow Clan. The disciples of the Land of Sword Grief naturally understood the importance of Guanshan Prefecture.
Luo Zheng's face also revealed a surprised expression.
Not long after he entered Dragon City, he had been to Guanshan State and had a deep impression of the towering swords in the Mountain River Fortress. He did not expect it to fall so quickly.
"Yes, after Jin Wu took down Guanshan State, he drove in and took down several states in succession. Now, he has reached Qi Bei State," He Chi said with a solemn expression.
"What!"
"So fast?"
"Oh my god!"
Not only the disciples from the first floor, but the disciples from the second floor and even the disciples from the third floor had a change in expression.
Qi Bei Prefecture was close to the Center God Province, which meant that the Jinwu Clan had already fought their way to the nest of Taiyi Heavenly Palace. They thought that the Jinwu Clan would move quickly, but they did not expect it to be so fast!
As He Chi spoke to here, his expression became more and more solemn, "As members of the Land of Sword Grief, you are also members of Greater One Heavenly Palace. Now that Greater One Heavenly Palace is in danger, I hope that everyone can contribute to the Heavenly Palace and protect the hundred million clansmen of the Center Divine Province!"
There were many prefectures under Great Yi Heavenly Palace, but ninety percent of them were concentrated in the Center God Province.
If the Golden Crows really invaded the Center God Province, the people in the Center God Province would probably be plunged into misery and suffering. The consequences would be unimaginable.
Both Dragon City and the sword sects of the Seven Mountains had begun to mobilize their disciples. The Land of Sword Grief was no exception.
Many disciples in the Land of Sword Grief maintained their silence at the start. It went without saying what a war between an ultra-powerful clan meant. Even Chaotic Origin Realm experts would most likely die in such a war!
Just as everyone was silent, Liu Hen's voice sounded, "Senior He Chi, you are treating us as outsiders. For us to be where we are today, it is naturally due to the grooming of the Heavenly Palace. It is natural for us to contribute to the Heavenly Palace."
"Brother Liu Hen is right. Those lousy birds will be wiped out by me sooner or later …" Another disciple from the third floor agreed.
"Mere Golden Crows, how dare they …"
Under the lead of the disciples from the third floor, the atmosphere of the entire Land of Sword Grief was rapidly mobilized.
They were part of the Human Race, and the majority of them had their roots in the Center God Province. If Great Yi Heavenly Palace were to be destroyed, they and their clansmen would end up in an incomparably miserable state. At the final step, they had no other choice but to fight to the death.
He Chi looked at these juniors. His mood did not improve at all.
The crisis in the Qi North Prefecture might be troublesome, but the greatest crisis in the Great Yi Heavenly Palace was not the Qi North Prefecture …
"The war in the Qi North Prefecture is imminent. Everyone, make some preparations before gathering at the Dragon City. By then, there will naturally be missions for everyone …" He Chi repeated before handing out golden swords.
The Great Yi Heavenly Palace used golden swords as tokens. Only a five-star Tai Yiwei could wield them.
When the golden swords were handed out, Luo Zheng received two. One of them was naturally given to Evil Deities.
The Land of Sword Grief summoned all those in closed-door cultivation. Evil Deities was naturally included. But until now, Evil Deities had yet to come out of closed-door cultivation.
'Unless they are trapped in the Deity Temple?' Luo Zheng guessed in his heart.
After He Chi left, Luo Zheng and the others returned to the bronze building.
As soon as they entered, they saw Evil Deities striding over. There seemed to be some panic on their faces. After seeing Luo Zheng, Evil Deities respectfully bowed. Luo Zheng asked, "Have you arrived at the Wanling City during your closed-door cultivation?"
"I have arrived at the Wanling City. I inadvertently explored a Deity Temple outside the city. I also gained a little, so I came out too late," Evil Deities replied.
Luo Zheng could not control what Evil Deities did in the other side.
Although Evil Deities had a clear conscience, Luo Zheng still had some doubts.
It was not easy to withdraw from the Deity Temple. If Evil Deities came out after a few days, it would be normal. But it was only a few incense sticks later. This was suspicious.
"Hum …"
Luo Zheng's eyes flickered slightly. The memory of Evil Deities in the other side appeared in Luo Zheng's mind.
The Thirteenth Heaven …
Crossing …
Receiving the Soul Crystal in the Wanling City …
Inadvertently obtaining a key to the other side and going to explore …
Evil Deities created a world that did not exist at all in the Primordial Dipper.
Everything Luo Zheng saw was a memory imagined by Evil Deities.
However, Evil Deities himself believed in this memory. After all, his real memory had been taken away.
This was the case with body-refining avatars. If he wanted to deceive his own master, he could only deceive himself.
But Evil Deities himself felt a little strange. It seemed that according to his character, he would not go through the experience in the other side step by step.
When checking his memory, Luo Zheng also found this strange feeling, but he could not tell what was really strange.
After handing the golden sword to Evil Deities, Luo Zheng asked him to prepare.
After returning to his own training room, Luo Zheng took out a piece of white paper and spread it out. After a little hesitation with his right hand holding a brush, he began to write on the white paper. What he wrote was the True Comprehension Chapter of the True Meaning of Dao.
Previously, Luo Zheng hoped that Greater One Heavenly Palace would help him fulfill his long-cherished wish of reviving, and the True Comprehension Chapter was a condition in exchange.

Chapter 3280
After he finished writing the True Comprehension Chapter, Luo Zheng carefully folded it.
He went to the first floor to find Feng Ge and stuffed it into her hands.
"What is this?" Feng Ge asked.
Luo Zheng's lips moved slightly, and he sent a message to Feng Ge, "It's the complete True Comprehension Chapter."
Hearing this, Feng Ge's eyes trembled. Luo Zheng really translated the entire chapter!
If it was in the past, Feng Ge would be even more surprised.
But after staying by Luo Zheng's side for so long, she felt that it was only natural …
"This True Comprehension Chapter originally belonged to Tai Yi Heavenly Palace. I only deciphered it. It should be passed down to all the swordsmen in the world through your father's mouth," Luo Zheng said.
Feng Ge pursed her lips and carefully put away the True Comprehension Chapter.
She was the daughter of the Eastern Sovereign. Now that Tai Yi Heavenly Palace was in trouble, she couldn't hide behind them. But before she went to Qi Bei Province, she had to return to Tai Yi Palace.
After Luo Zheng handed over the True Comprehension Chapter, he made some preparations and set off for Dragon City with Evil Deities.
For a long time, Dragon City had been the most lively place.
But recently, Dragon City seemed a bit deserted.
Whether it was inside or outside the city, it was like this.
Most Tai Yi Wei were concentrated in the Mountain River Fortress. When the Golden Crow attacked the Mountain River Fortress, countless Tai Yi Wei resisted with all their might, but in the end, they suffered heavy casualties.
The Banner Masters and Alliance Masters outside Dragon City originally wanted to become Tai Yi Wei, but they had to go through many tests.
But a few days ago, Dragon City suddenly changed the rules.
As long as they made a certain amount of contributions, they would automatically be promoted to Tai Yi Wei!
For the majority of people, this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. For a time, all the Alliance Masters and Banner Masters took their people to the battlefield.
Naturally, there were very few people who stayed outside Dragon City.
When Luo Zheng passed by Dragon City, he originally wanted to visit his former companions in Dao Sword Palace, but unexpectedly found that they had already left Dragon City.
Even the people under the banner of the Greater One Heavenly Palace, who were not very strong, were all conscripted away. This time the trouble that the Greater One Heavenly Palace had encountered was most likely not small.
After arriving at the Hidden Dragon Pavilion in Dragon City, Luo Zheng and Evil Deities showed their golden swords. Several Tai Yiwei stepped forward to verify the logo on the golden swords and then took them to the teleportation array. After passing through the teleportation array, they went straight to Qi Bei Province.
…
Although the Qi Bei Province was close to the Center God Province, the population there was much smaller.
In such a large province, there were only sixteen cities. The total population of fifteen of these cities was equivalent to that of a medium-sized city next to Lake Ming.
There was only one large city in the entire Qi Bei Region, and it was called Beixuan City.
Because of the war, the ordinary people in Beixuan City had already retreated to the Center God Province.
Now, Beixuan City had been taken over by Tai Yiwei Heavenly Palace as a stronghold.
When Luo Zheng came out from the spatial passage, he had already arrived at Beixuan City.
Many Tai Yiwei came and went in a hurry. Other than Tai Yiwei, there were many other Paramita Realm experts. From their auras, a portion of them were only at the second or third level of the Paramita Realm …
Everyone had an abnormally solemn and silent expression.
Even though there was no smell of blood in Beixuan City, the oppressive atmosphere of war still lingered in the hearts of everyone.
"Disciples of the Land of Sword Grief, please come this way." A five-star Tai Yiwei cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng and Evil Deities.
The Land of Sword Grief had a very high status in the Greater One Heavenly Palace. The weakest had reached the Desire Realm. Even the strongest five-star Tai Yiwei could not reach the Desire Realm — when a Tai Yiwei reached the Desire Realm, he would naturally be recommended to head to the Chaotic Origin Great World.
Hence, the Tai Yiwei were very respectful towards the people from the Land of Sword Grief.
Under the guidance of Tai Yiwei, Luo Zheng and the others passed through half the city and arrived before a spacious pavilion.
Inside the pavilion, some of the disciples from the Land of Sword of Grief had already gathered. There were about twenty of them, and Luo Zheng even saw a few familiar faces among them. After He Chi had mobilized them, many disciples had rushed here.
"Brother Luo Zheng!"
"Brother Luo Zheng!"
"…"
Several disciples from the First Floor greeted Luo Zheng. As for the disciples from the Second Floor, they looked at Luo Zheng indifferently. They did not express much.
After all, Luo Zheng's improvement was too fast. Even though he had defeated Zheng Shuangqi, it was not possible for him to convince everyone from the Second Floor.
As for the disciples from the First Floor, most of them had gone to the Fourteenth Heaven. In the City of Wanling, they had received the Soul Crystal that they were familiar with. Through a few Nirvana Realm races, they had also received many benefits. While they were shocked by Luo Zheng's means in the Nirvana Realm, they were also very grateful to Luo Zheng.
After the Tai Yiwei arranged for Luo Zheng, Evil Deities, and the others to stay here, they left.
Luo Zheng did not know how the battle in Qi Bei Province was going. Since he had already arrived at Beixuan City, he could just wait here.
However, what Luo Zheng did not expect was that he would wait for twelve to fourteen hours.
Occasionally, Tai Yiwei would send the disciples from the Land of Sword Grief who had rushed over. Those Tai Yiwei would then leave. If someone pulled those Tai Yiwei to ask about the arrangements, they would not know anything.
Luo Zheng and Evil Deities, on the other hand, were determined. They just sat cross-legged in their seats and did not say a word.
After more than twenty hours, it was already the next morning.
The disciples of the first floor and even a few of the second floor could no longer hold themselves back.
"We responded to Senior He Chi and came to the Qi Bei Province to kill the Golden Crow. What is the meaning of this?"
"They also said that the battle in the Qi Bei Province is urgent. I think they are very free and don't need us …"
"..."
A few disciples of the Land of Sword Grief started to clamor.
At this moment, a tall and sturdy man entered the pavilion with several five star Tai Yiwei.
The man had a crew cut, and his eyebrows were like arrows. Every move he made gave off a threatening murderous aura. This kind of murderous aura was cultivated through constant slaughter. Although the disciples of the Sword of Grief were powerful, they rarely killed, so they naturally couldn't cultivate such a rich murderous aura.
Luo Zheng had walked through a mountain of blades and a sea of flames in the past, so he was already used to this kind of killing intent. After sizing up the man, his expression returned to normal.
"Disciples of the Land of Sword Grief," the man with the crew cut cupped his hands towards the crowd after entering, "You are all outstanding figures of the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace, the pearls of the seven mountains, the hope of the Heavenly Palace in the future …"
The disciples of the Land of Sword Grief were originally very anxious, but after being praised by the man with the crew cut, a proud smile appeared on their faces. However, this smile only lasted for a moment.
The man with the crew cut suddenly changed the topic, "No matter how important you are, no matter how strong you are, in my eyes, you are no different from trash. If you want to live, then put away that ridiculous pride in your hearts."

Chapter 3281
The disciples from the Sword Grief Ground were all at the Chaotic Origin Realm. Even the disciples from the First Floor were considered experts in their Mother World.
How could they tolerate being called trash by this person?
A disciple from the Second Floor raised his eyebrows and said: "Your Excellency is a God General of my Heaven Palace. Naturally, your strength is indisputable. But your Excellency is too narrow-minded to call us trash the moment you open your mouth."
"Divine Generals also came from the Land of Sword Grief. According to your conclusion, you're also considered trash?" A disciple from the first floor retorted.
The experts that led Tai Yiwei were the Heaven Palace God Generals. They were considered the commanders of the army of the Tai Yi Heaven Palace.
The status of these God Generals was one level lower than Tian Jiedu. There were also several disciples from the Second Floor training in the Sword Grief Ground. If they were experienced enough, they could be conferred the title of God General.
Even though God Generals were strong, the disciples from the Sword Grief Ground would not be submissive to them.
Many disciples from the Sword Grief Ground burst out with their auras. They were also overbearing. But the expression of the crew-cut man did not change. A crafty smile appeared on his face, "You, you, and you …"
Every time he pointed at someone, the golden swords beside them would shine. When he pointed at Luo Zheng, the golden swords beside Luo Zheng would also shine.
This time, the situation in the Qi Bei Prefecture was extremely dangerous. They lacked high-end experts.
After hearing that the disciples from the Sword Grief Ground had come, many God Generals returned to the North Xuan City. According to the rules set by the higher-ups, each of them could choose five assistants.
The crew-cut man was called Su Kui. He was the first to return to the North Xuan City.
He knew that the battlefield was bloody and cruel. Under the situation of similar strength, he was naturally willing to choose those with calm temperament. Hence, he spoke arrogantly the moment he arrived, infuriating the disciples from the Sword Grief Ground.
And Luo Zheng and the others were calm. Naturally, they were chosen by Su Kui.
Su Kui had originally chosen the Evil Deities. But when he met the eyes of the Evil Deities, Su Kui's heart could not help but skip a beat. Relying on the resolve he gained from fighting for a long time, he instinctively resisted the Evil Deities. In the end, he passed this person.
"The five of you, follow me. As for the other friends … I have offended you previously!"
Su Kui bowed deeply to the crowd. In the blink of an eye, his attitude became very sincere.
The disciples of the Sword of Grief were not fools. They immediately understood the kid's intention. Many rolled their eyes while others smiled helplessly. These Godly Generals of Tai Yiwei were too cunning.
When Luo Zheng got up, he glanced at the Evil Deities and transmitted his thoughts to the Evil Deities. "If someone chooses you, you will do your best to assist them. When you encounter danger, your life is the most important thing."
"Yes, Lord." Evil Deities nodded.
Not long after Luo Zheng and the other four left with Su Kui, two more Immortal Generals entered the pavilion.
As soon as these two Divine Generals entered, they used the same strategy as Su Kui. It seemed that they also wanted to intimidate everyone.
However, the people of the Sword of Grief had already experienced the same trick once. Most of them looked at them as if they were idiots.
In this way, the disciples of the Sword of Grief continued to rush over from the Dragon City. At the same time, they were also led away by the Divine Generals.
These Divine Generals were mostly fierce and resolute, but for some reason, they always ignored the Evil Deities when selecting people. As these people were led away, the Evil Deities still sat in the pavilion, unmoving like a mountain.
… …
The Qi North Region was full of smoke and miasma. For many years, it was shrouded in smoke.
After coming out of Beixuan City, Luo Zheng and the others followed Su Kui all the way north.
"The Golden Crow Clan has taken over the Mountain River Fortress, and millions of people have died. The Taiyi Guards have also suffered heavy casualties, with 30,000 of them dead. Even more than 30 Divine Generals have died," Su Kui explained the situation as he flew.
All the Tai Yiwei in the Tai Yiwei Heavenly Palace added up to no more than 80,000 people. More than a third of them had been lost. This loss was indeed too great.
And the number of Divine Generals was no more than 200.
The death of more than 30 was something the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace could not bear.
"The Mountain River Fortress is easy to defend and hard to attack. There is a transmission formation inside. Even if it is broken, they should be able to retreat easily," the pale-faced scholar behind Luo Zheng asked.
This pale-faced scholar was called Gu Hai, ranked 33rd on the Second floor.
Before Su Kui answered, Luo Zheng said, "Is it the World Cage?"
When Luo Zheng went to the Mountain View Region, he had experienced the World Cage. This cage could lock the space of a large region, and no one could perform greater teleportation.
Su Kui nodded, "Yes, it is the World Cage."
"Could it be that even an existence like Divine General Su is unable to break free from the World Cage?" Luo Zheng asked with a frown.
As far as Luo Zheng knew, Phoenix had the ability to break free from the World Cage and perform greater teleportation. The Divine Generals were weaker than Phoenix, but not by much.
Su Kui sighed, "If the World Cage targeted the entire region, it would not be able to trap us Divine Generals, but Di Jun led the Golden Crows to launch a surprise attack and drove us Human Race to this corner of the Mountain River Fortress. The power of the cage only targeted the area of one fortress.
We can't break free... "
Su Kui was also in the Mountain River Fortress at that time. Under the leadership of other seniors, he fought and retreated, and was lucky enough to escape.
But Su Kui also had a younger brother who was also a Divine General, but he had fallen in the Mountain River Fortress.
Speaking of this, Su Kui's fierce eyes faintly revealed a sadness...
After occupying several large regions, the Golden Crows finally stopped in the Qi Bei Region.
Now, Tai Yiwei's task was to desperately block the Golden Crows in the Qi Bei Region.
"From the northwest side of Beixuan City, there are seven formations and twelve passes. I'm in charge of guarding the Inferior Zhen Pass, which is also the most dangerous pass. Everyone, please follow me and be careful," Su Kui said with a smile.
Hearing Su Kui's words, the faces of several disciples of the Land of Sword Grief turned ugly.
The situation was already very dangerous, and they still had to guard the most dangerous Inferior Zhen Pass. Wouldn't their lives be easily lost here?
Su Kui sensed their inner thoughts, but he was relieved and said, "It doesn't matter. Although Xiaozhen Pass is the most dangerous, it is also the most well-taken care of. There are twelve God Generals in it, and there are seventeen in total, which is far more than the other eleven passes. Moreover, once the Golden Crow invades Xiaozhen Pass en masse …
If the Golden Crows enter this pass, the other passes will also come to rescue. "
Gu Hai also nodded in agreement, "Qi Bei Region is the last pass of the Heavenly Palace. The Heavenly Palace will definitely block the Golden Crows here. There should be many seniors from the Seven Mountains here. Everyone, don't be pessimistic."
"Yes, the seniors from the Seven Mountains are guarding the seven formations.
Not far behind our Inferior Zhen Pass is the Taihao Formation. There are experts from the Taihao Mountain guarding it, "Su Kui said confidently.
"Taihao Mountain?"

Chapter 3282
The conflict between Luo Zheng and the Great Hao Mountain was not small.
If not for Elder Ying and Imperial Concubine Yan, he would not have been able to leave the Great Hao Mountain.
It was definitely not good news for Luo Zheng that the people of the Great Hao Mountain were protecting him.
But now that the Great Yi Heavenly Palace was facing a great enemy, the Great Hao Mountain would not dare to take revenge.
Su Kui naturally did not notice Luo Zheng's doubts. He pointed downwards: "Look, that is the Great Hao Array!"
Luo Zheng looked over and saw that the ground on the left side had been excavated.
An enormous sword-shaped array was carved on the ground. At the center of this sword-shaped array was a tall pagoda. This pagoda was clearly newly built and looked new.
When Luo Zheng looked downwards, there was someone looking up through a small window in the pagoda. That person was none other than the red-robed Empress Xuan.
"The disciples of the Land of Sword Grief have already gathered in the North Xuan City. The fastest batch has already arrived at the frontline," Empress Xuan said.
Behind Lady Xuan sat a black-robed old man. This old man had a hooked nose and drooping eyes, as if he loathed the entire world. He was the desolate dragon that had forcefully taken Luo Zheng away on the Coiling Dragon Ancient Path.
"Luo Zheng, that brat, should be heading to the North Xuan City," Desolate Dragon said with a hoarse voice.
"I've already sent people to investigate." Empress Xuan's lips curved into a beautiful arc, "The Qi North Region is in chaos. This is the best time to act. If he dares to come, I'll definitely make sure he doesn't return!"
After Luo Zheng became enemies with the Great Hao Mountain, he had never left the Great Yi Heavenly Palace.
Even if he went to the Chaotic Origin Great World, there would be experts overseeing it. The Great Hao Mountain could not possibly let Xu Shou take down Luo Zheng.
Now that the disciples of the Land of Sword Grief had come out in full force, it was the best opportunity for the Great Hao Mountain.
…
After passing through the "Great Hao Array", they continued walking for about a hundred li before seeing a temporary checkpoint. It was also the "Inferior Zhen Checkpoint" that Su Kui mentioned.
Even though this checkpoint was built temporarily, it was quite large. After all, building a bunch of houses was an easy task for the Paramita Realm.
And in front of those buildings, there was a slender Spirit Formation.
The two sections of the formation stretched far into the distance, and the end could not be seen on either side.
"Is this the Skynet? To prevent the Golden Crows from infiltrating, they even used this formation, "said Gu Hai as he stared at the formation.
The entire Heaven's Net Array lay in the northwest corner, forming a wall that stretched as high as the sky from left to right.
As long as the Heavenly Net was not broken, no Golden Crow would be able to cross it.
"Yes." Su Kui nodded.
A few days ago, the Golden Crow launched an attack, but it was blocked by the Heavenly Net. Let's go down. "
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
When the six of them descended from the sky, they attracted the attention of many people below.
Quite a number of people were stationed at Biaozhen Pass. Other than a considerable number of Tai Yiwei, there were also Nirvana Realm cultivators recruited from the Center God Province. For example, many alliance masters and banner masters from Dragon City were also assigned to this place.
"I heard they're reinforcements from the Land of Sword Grief!"
"So what if there are reinforcements? What's the point of having more or less people …"
"Sigh …"
Facing the Golden Crows, these people were very pessimistic.
Of course, Luo Zheng and the others did not notice this trace of pessimism. Under Su Kui's lead, Luo Zheng and the others were led into the largest building in Biaozhen Pass. Inside the building, several Heavenly Generals welcomed them.
After a round of self-introduction, Su Kui said seriously, "I'm in charge of the entire Biaozhen Pass. I've offended you in Beixuan City just now. But here, you're all people with golden swords. I hope you'll obey my orders completely."
Although the people from the Land of Sword Grief were not happy to hear this, they knew that military orders were absolute, so they did not say anything.
Then, Su Kui introduced the situation of Biaozhen Pass in detail, the main points of guarding this place, and so on. Then, he assigned each of them a room.
After a rough understanding, they were able to move freely in Biaozhen Pass.
Luo Zheng wandered around one side of Biaozhen Pass, memorizing the surrounding environment in his mind.
The front of Biaozhen Pass was located at the end of the plain. It was very close in the shape of a snake. If the left and right sides were attacked, they could reinforce and defend. The terrain was very good. Because of this, the Golden Crows focused on breaking through.
After wandering around, Luo Zheng found that Biaozhen Pass was divided into two levels. The upper level was guarded by Tai Yiwei standing guard, while the lower level was mostly people at the first or second level of the Nirvana Realm.
For some reason, when Luo Zheng passed by, the people at the lower level looked at him with a trace of hatred and anger.
Luo Zheng felt strange, but he did not think too much about it.
Just as he was about to return to his room, a voice came from the lower level.
"Flag … Flag Lord!"
Luo Zheng had not heard this name for a long time. Most of the people who called him this were those outside Dragon City.
Just as that person called out, a four-star Tai Yiwei on the upper level scolded, "Shut up! What Flag Lord? This is the new Heavenly General that Tai Yiwei has invited! Go back to your room! "
Luo Zheng was a Heavenly General with a golden sword in his hand.
In fact, because of this battle, everyone in the Land of Sword Grief had been promoted to Heavenly General. Those Tai Yiwei were very respectful to Luo Zheng.
After the person on the lower level was scolded by the four-star Tai Yiwei, he did not dare to say anything and immediately went back.
Luo Zheng's expression turned cold as he glared at the Grand Guard. With a tap of his foot, he jumped down from the second floor, just in time to face the person who was retreating.
"Yue Baihao!" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
That person was Yue Baihao from Dao Sword Palace. When Yue Baihao saw Luo Zheng coming down, his face was full of excitement. "Flag Lord! It really is Flag Lord! I knew I wouldn't be wrong! "
When Luo Zheng passed by Dragon City, he realized that everyone outside Dragon City had disappeared. He had a bad premonition.
Due to the emergency of the battle, Tai Yi Heaven Palace had probably thrown these people into the battlefield. With their cultivation, they were probably doomed.
"What about the other disciples of Dao Sword Palace? And Yin Yuehuan? "Luo Zheng asked with concern.
When Luo Zheng asked this, Yue Baihao's mouth opened and closed a few times. His eyes turned red and he almost cried.
Yue Baihao was originally a hedonistic son of Dao Sword Palace and did not suffer too much. Even in Dragon City, he was protected by Luo Zheng. After Luo Zheng left, Yin Yuehuan became an alliance leader and took care of the disciples of Dao Sword Palace.
But ever since Tai Yi Heaven Palace sent them to Qi Bei Province, the brothers of Dao Sword Palace were scattered. During this period of time, Yue Baicheng had suffered greatly and his life was almost lost here!
"Flag, Flag Lord, Qiu Siyuan was already eaten by the Golden Crows. Not even his bones were left! The others were led by Alliance Leader Yin Yuehuan to guard Tian Xun Pass. But they are also in danger. Those Tai Yiwei did not take us seriously and used our lives as bait … "
The army guarding Qi Bei Province was divided into three types. The strongest type was the God Generals, such as Su Kui and Luo Zheng. The second type was the Tai Yiwei. The various sword sects of the seven mountains had also sent their disciples here. Once they joined, they would automatically become Tai Yiwei.
The third type was the large number of people under their banner outside Dragon City.
These people were weak and had no fighting power against the Golden Crows. It was unknown who came up with the idea to drive these people out of Heaven's Net as bait to lure the Golden Crows.

Chapter 3283
Hearing Yue Baihao's grievance, Luo Zheng's brows furrowed even more.
Although only a small number of people outside Dragon City could join Tai Yiwei, and an extremely small number could join the major sword sects, they were still considered people of Tai Yi Heaven Palace.
After these people were sent to Qi Bei Prefecture, they were only used as bait and cannon fodder. Luo Zheng was furious when he heard this!
"What if we don't follow their orders?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Yue Baihao smiled sadly. "Those who disobey military orders naturally can't escape death."
When Yue Baihao was able to enter Dragon City, he thought he was very lucky.
In the past few years, he had been cultivating in Dragon City and had also stepped into the Nirvana Realm. Now, he was already at the second level of the Nirvana Realm.
If he was in Dao Sword Palace, he probably wouldn't be able to do it even after a few thousand years …
But after becoming a Nirvana Realm expert, he actually ended up like this. If he continued to stay in Dao Sword Palace, he might not have a future, but it wasn't bad to be a good-for-nothing in Bai Family for a month …
Of course, Yue Baihao didn't mean to blame Luo Zheng. Being able to enter Dragon City was what they wished for.
Moreover, if Luo Zheng hadn't come to Dao Sword Palace, Dao Sword Palace would have been destroyed long ago.
Luo Zheng revealed a sinister expression, then said, "Follow me up!"
"Up …" Yue Baihao's eyes flashed.
When Luo Zheng sent out the invitation, the Nirvana Realm experts on the lower level suddenly became noisy.
The fate of those Nirvana Realm experts was no different from Yue Baihao's. They were all sacrificed as bait and cannon fodder, but who was willing to accept it?
"Lord Divine General, bring me along!"
"Lord Divine General, how about letting me be promoted to Tai Yiwei!"
"Lord Luo Zheng, I've seen you in Dragon City, I …"
Those Nirvana Realm experts swarmed over.
At this moment, a few five-star Tai Yiwei on the upper level descended.
"Get back, all of you!"
One of the Tai Yiwei shouted.
This Tai Yiwei's Yang Soul cultivation had already reached the twelfth heaven, and was not far from Indigo Soul. The aura that erupted from him was like a light breeze to Luo Zheng, but it forced those people to retreat step by step.
Originally, Yue Baihao couldn't bear it either, but Luo Zheng pulled him to his side. Luo Zheng blocked all the auras, so Yue Baihao was naturally unharmed.
"You … impudent!"
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with anger, and the aura of the Yang Soul surged out.
His Yang Soul cultivation was at the pinnacle of the Indigo Soul Stage, and the aura he exuded was as thick as the ocean. When the few Five Star Tai Yiwei felt this aura, their faces instantly turned pale.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to leave with Yue Baihao, another figure appeared beside Luo Zheng. This person was another Divine General in the Zhuozhen Pass. His name was Zhu Xuan and he had introduced himself to Luo Zheng before.
Zhu Xuan stood in front of Luo Zheng and said politely, "Divine General Luo Zheng, you can't take this person away."
"Why not?" Luo Zheng frowned coldly.
Divine General Zhu Xuan waved his hand and said, "Although this one person isn't much, this is a military order. If Divine General Luo Zheng forcefully takes him away, I'm afraid it will be difficult to convince the masses."
The people who had been chased away by the Five Star Tai Yiwei stopped not far away and looked over anxiously.
Their gazes were very complicated, filled with envy, unwillingness, and jealousy.
Just as Zhu Xuan said, Luo Zheng taking Yue Baihao away alone would definitely cause these people to be dissatisfied!
"Is that so?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows. "If that's the case, I lack a guard by my side. Yue Baihao is just right to be my guard!"
But just as Luo Zheng finished speaking, the people in the distance immediately became restless.
"Lord Luo Zheng! I can also be your guard! "
"Lord Divine General, I can serve you!"
"Lord Divine General, I'm stronger than Yue Baicheng, and my Paramita token is …"
Seeing the restless crowd, Zhu Xuan smiled bitterly at Luo Zheng. "Divine General Luo Zheng, as you can see, this is the current situation. I'm not trying to stop you on purpose."
The people in the lower levels were like a group of crabs in a basin. Every time a crab climbed out, it would be pulled down by the other crabs. Faced with a chance to survive, no one would give up.
Luo Zheng looked at Yue Baihao in a daze, then said, "Stay here first. I won't let anything happen to you."
"Banner Lord …" Yue Baihao's eyes reddened.
"The others in Dao Sword Palace will be fine too," Luo Zheng said with certainty.
After returning to the upper levels, Luo Zheng asked Zhu Xuan about Tian Xun Pass. It turned out that Tian Xun Pass was right next to Biaozhen Pass and could be seen about a hundred miles southeast. Once the battle started, both Tian Xun Pass on the right and Nu Dou Pass on the left would respond and send out troops!
After Zhu Xuan introduced them, she whispered to Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo Zheng, you were too rash just now. If you need to bring that little brother up, just let me know. But it won't be easy for anyone to do it in public …"
To Biaozhen Pass, losing Yue Baihao didn't matter at all. But the people in the lower levels were already holding their breaths. Bringing him away in public would be troublesome.
"I was indeed rash, but it doesn't matter," Luo Zheng replied. After all, he didn't just want to save Yue Baihao.
…
The first three days of Luo Zheng's arrival at Biaozhen Pass were peaceful. Not a single Golden Crow appeared.
Several Divine Generals, including Su Kui, were deeply worried about this. They felt that the calmer it was, the more a storm was brewing.
During these three days, Mount Taihao sent three people to inspect the pass. The seventeen Divine Generals of Biaozhen Pass naturally had to come out to welcome them.
Luo Zheng had never seen these three people from Mount Taihao before. During the inspection, their gazes would intentionally or unintentionally sweep past Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng naturally sensed this, but he didn't show it. Instead, he was sneering inside.
It seemed that he had underestimated Mount Taihao. Mount Taihao wouldn't give up on this opportunity to play tricks …
However, the current Luo Zheng was no longer the same as before. Even someone like Empress Ru Xuan could only dream of taking down Luo Zheng. Moreover, Mount Taihao wouldn't dare to make a big deal out of this.
On the fourth day …
The white fog in the distance gradually dispersed, revealing a few black dots scattered among it.
"Enemy intelligence!"
A Tai Yiwei discovered the situation and shouted loudly.
"Golden Crows are attacking!"
"Quickly inform everyone!"
"Open the Heavenly Net!"
"Weng …"
The fine formation that stretched for thousands of li bloomed with light. A huge net appeared out of thin air. This was the Great Heavenly Net Formation used to stop the Golden Crows.
Su Kui led the other sixteen Divine Generals and stood at the highest point of Biaozhen Pass.
In the distance, more and more black dots appeared. Golden Crows gathered together to form a huge black cloud. They seemed to be moving slowly, but was actually moving at an extremely fast speed towards Biaozhen Pass.
"Another fierce battle," Su Kui said in a serious tone.
"There are more this time than last time. I wonder if there are Divine Nest Demonesses among them," Zhu Xuan said.

Chapter 3284
The difference in strength between the Banshees within the Godly Nest was huge.
In the past, Luo Zheng had once fought against several Banshees in the Guan Shan Prefecture. But on one hand, those Banshees had yet to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm. On the other hand, Luo Zheng had a natural advantage against the Golden Crow Divine Fire.
But there were similarly powerful Banshees within the Godly Nest. Some of them were even comparable to Phoenix.
"No matter what, we just have to guard the Inferior Zhen Pass. Activate the array cores!"
Following Su Kui's roar, many circles appeared in front of the Inferior Zhen Pass. There were a total of nine circles, and they were distributed outside the Heavenly Net. If the Golden Crows were to attack, these nine array cores would be the first to bear the brunt.
"I'll guard the central Heavenly Number One array core. The rest of you will guard the other eight arrays in pairs." Su Kui ordered.
"Why are the nine array cores of the Inferior Zhen Pass placed outside the Heavenly Net? Isn't that too dangerous?" Gu Hai stared at the nine array cores and asked.
Su Kui chuckled. "The Inferior Zhen Pass is set up with a brilliant array. This is a loop array. The nine array cores aren't weak points. The true weak point of the Inferior Zhen Pass is within the pass. We just have to stand within the array cores and slaughter the Golden Crows!"
As long as the Golden Crows did not break through the Heavenly Net Great Array, they would not be able to harm the people in the nine array cores. This way, the people in the array cores would be in an invincible position.
"So that's how it is. This array is actually so exquisite." Gu Hai revealed a strange look.
Su Kui chuckled. "But since the Golden Crows can't harm us, they will attack the Heavenly Net. The moment the Heavenly Net Great Array is broken, we will immediately fall into danger. Hence, I hope that everyone will do your best. This is for the Great Yi Heaven Palace and for ourselves!"
"Weng, weng, weng …"
At this moment, a spatial ripple appeared within the nine circles. Nine spatial passageways that distorted the surrounding light extended to the front of Luo Zheng and the others.
"I'll go too!"
Su Kui stepped into one of the spatial passageways and appeared at the foremost array core.
Following that, Gu Hai and another God General entered the spatial passageway. The two of them appeared at another array core in an instant.
The God Generals entered the spatial passageways in pairs, leaving only Luo Zheng and Zhu Xuan behind.
"Divine General Luo Zheng, please," Zhu Xuan said with a smile.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and stepped into the space passage.
This spatial tunnel was originally only a few hundred meters long. Passing through it was equivalent to carrying out a short distance teleportation. In an instant, Luo Zheng appeared in one of the array cores.
The entire Formation Eye was a circular Magic Array. It was filled with faint rays of light. What made Luo Zheng feel strange was that these rays of light seemed to have a mass. They were like a layer of oil diffusing in the air, circling around him.
When Luo Zheng wanted to take a step towards the edge of the Formation Eye, the entire Formation Eye unexpectedly moved along with Luo Zheng.
"This Formation Eye can actually move by itself?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
When Luo Zheng took a step back, the Formation Eye also retreated. When he took a step to the left, the Formation Eye also moved to the left.
Just as Luo Zheng was trying, Zhu Xuan's figure also appeared in the Formation Eye. Seeing Luo Zheng pacing back and forth, he still smiled and said, "Divine General Luo Zheng, this is your first time using the Formation Eye. You should get used to it."
"This Formation Eye can move with me. What if there are two people?" Luo Zheng asked.
"If there are two people, we need to move together. Otherwise, both of us will stand at the edge of the Formation Eye while the Formation Eye stays in place," Zhu Xuan answered while walking in the opposite direction of Luo Zheng.
In this way, the Formation Eye would naturally not move if the two of them stood at opposite ends of the Formation Eye.
Seeing Luo Zheng nod, Zhou Xuan continued, "In addition, this Formation Eye can also help us transform into weapons."
As he spoke, he stretched out his hand and released the power of Shen Jun.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
A transparent longsword floated out from outside the Formation Eye.
Zhu Xuan held the longsword in the air and suddenly slashed towards the distance.
The transparent longsword also slashed out a ray of sword light, which flew into the distance …
"Power Tracing?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Divine General Luo Zheng has cultivated the Strength Divine Dao? You can tell at a glance. All you need to do is inject the power of Shen Jun. "Zhu Xuan was a little surprised.
After all, most people in the Mother World focused on one Divine Dao and rarely studied other Divine Daos. Anyway, it was fine as long as they could cross the other Divine Daos.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly and stretched out his hand. After releasing the power of Shen Jun, a longsword floated outside the Formation Eye. This longsword was under Luo Zheng's control.
"Since it's based on power tracing, then the number of swords can also be controlled?" Luo Zheng asked.
Zhu Xuan nodded and said, "Yes, you can control the number of swords. However, the more the number, the harder it will be to control. It's not good to be distracted. I think Divine General Luo Zheng should first …"
Before he could finish his sentence, the second transparent sword had already appeared.
Luo Zheng clasped his hands together and the two swords turned into four swords, four swords turned into eight swords, eight swords turned into sixteen …
Countless long swords floated around Luo Zheng. Each of them contained ten godly jun of power. There were a total of one hundred and twenty-eight transparent long swords, which cost Luo Zheng over one thousand godly jun of power.
More than a thousand Shen Jun's power was nothing to a Divine General.
However, as the longswords danced around the Formation Eye, they were like swarming locusts. There was no sense of disorder at all.
Zhu Xuan and the other Divine Generals in the Formation Eye were slightly taken aback when they saw this. Zhu Xuan then smiled and said, "Divine General Luo Zheng's attainments in the Strength Divine Dao are already quite deep. I'm truly impressed."
Although he spoke with admiration, he felt some disdain in his heart. The other Divine Generals felt the same.
"Heh, the disciples of the Land of Sword Grief are all cultivating these flashy but useless techniques?" A Divine General laughed.
Gu Hai stood to the side and didn't say anything, but he was laughing coldly in his heart.
Flashy but useless?
Flashy but useless. If he could become the number one cultivator on the Second Floor in just a few months, then no one in the world could be considered as being flashy but useless.
After the seventeen people finished their preparations in the nine Formation Eye, the "dark clouds" in front of them grew closer and closer.
"Caw caw caw caw …"
Tens of millions of Golden Crows let out strange cries. The sound was like rubbing against sandpaper, and everyone's ears were completely numb.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
When the first black cloud got close, it turned into black swords and flew directly toward the nine Formation Eye. As they charged, they released rays of golden light.
"It's the Golden Crow," Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"Kill them! Don't let them get close!" Su Kui said.
The seventeen people in the Formation Eye stretched out their hands, and the transparent longswords flew upward.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"

Chapter 3285
These Golden Crows had extremely strong penetrating power. If they hit the formation eye, they would be able to put considerable pressure on the inferior barrier.
Everyone tried their best to stop the Golden Crows from piercing through.
"Sword of Punishment!" Su Kui shouted.
The longsword that was floating outside became more powerful. When it slashed out, there was a faint sound of explosion. Just as the longsword approached, it shattered some of the Golden Crows.
From the divine abilities used, one could see the difference between the divine generals and the disciples of the Land of Sword Grief.
The divine generals' divine abilities were simple and direct. Whether it was power or technique, they were concise to the extreme. There was nothing fancy about them. The only flaw was that they lacked agility.
The four disciples of the Land of Sword Grief used different sword skills. Their sword skills were ingenious and full of beauty, but they were slightly lacking in power.
However, these Golden Crows weren't strong. Killing them didn't require too much power.
In contrast, the disciples of the Land of Sword Grief had a much higher efficiency in killing the Golden Crows.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. He raised his hand and said, "Rise!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The 128 longswords turned into a stream of swords and flew up into the sky.
Zhu Xuan only knew that Luo Zheng could easily create so many longswords with the help of the formation eye. In fact, the method to control the longswords was comprehended from the Great Purple Qi Art.
"Puff!"
The first longsword at the front collided with a Golden Crow. The Golden Crow immediately turned into a cloud of blood mist.
The transparent longswords focused on the power of Shen Jun. The transparent outer shell was actually a part of the inferior barrier. As long as the inferior barrier wasn't damaged, these transparent longswords would be very sturdy.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand. With a wave, the longswords scattered in different directions.
"Pa pa pa pa pa …"
Each longsword pierced through dozens of Golden Crows in an instant. In the blink of an eye, thousands of Golden Crows died in his hands.
Zhu Xuan's sword danced in the air, blocking the Golden Crows one after another. There were over a thousand Golden Crows in the direction he was guarding. After a few dozen breaths, Zhu Xuan finally finished dealing with all the Golden Crows. After securing his position, Zhu Xuan turned around with a smug look on his face.
In his mind, he thought that Luo Zheng had created so many swords, but they were really flashy and impractical. He couldn't possibly control more than a hundred swords by himself, could he?
Although the Golden Crow's intelligence is low, but do not underestimate their agility.
If he were to try his luck, he might not even be able to hit a single Golden Crow. If he was lucky, he might be able to hit a few …
But when Zhu Xuan took a closer look, her eyes widened.
The number of Golden Crows Luo Zheng's side was more than a hundred times more than Zhu Xuan's.
However, each of Luo Zheng's transparent swords seemed to have a soul as they kept piercing upwards.
"Pa pa pa pa …"
Every time the sword pierced through a Golden Crow, the Golden Crow would explode into a bloody mist.
There were more than a hundred bloody mists lingering in the sky, almost forming a strange yet beautiful scenery!
Every time the swords pierced upwards, thousands of Golden Crows were killed. As Luo Zheng went back and forth a few times, perhaps more than a hundred thousand Golden Crows had died under his swords.
These Golden Crows were low in intelligence, but they were not afraid of death. The fiercer Luo Zheng killed, the more the Golden Crows were replenished. However, no matter how many Golden Crows rushed forward, they were still not enough to replace the number of Golden Crows killed by Luo Zheng. The sky above Luo Zheng was forcefully cleared out …
…
"That Immortal General is so powerful!"
"He can control more than a hundred swords by himself, which is equivalent to a hundred Immortal Generals!"
"Great, now we don't have to do anything!"
When the Nirvana Realm cultivators at the lower level of the Lesser Zhen Pass saw this scene, they were so excited that they were about to cry.
The nine formation eyes looked indestructible, but this formation went through the Heavenly Net and was located in the Lesser Zhen Pass.
If the formation eyes were to withstand too many attacks, the entire Lesser Zhen Pass would collapse.
Therefore, once the formation eyes were under too much threat, Su Kui would let the Tai Yiwei release the Nirvana Realm cultivators at the lower level. That would be the most tragic moment for these Nirvana Realm cultivators.
However, Luo Zheng had killed all the Golden Crows by himself, so he naturally didn't need these Nirvana Realm cultivators. Therefore, it was natural for these Nirvana Realm cultivators to be happy.
"Hey, Yue Baihao, you said he's really your Banner Lord?" an old man asked with his eyes wide open.
Yue Baihao nodded proudly and said, "That's right! He was once from our Dao Sword Palace! He was the one who sent us to Dragon City! "
"How many years have you been in Dragon City? He grew from a mere Banner Lord to such a level?" another muscular man asked with disbelief.
Although Yue Baihao had previously called Luo Zheng as a Banner Lord and Luo Zheng had agreed, these people still found it hard to believe.
After all, a considerable portion of these Nirvana Realm cultivators were from the Center God Province. They had a certain understanding of the many experts in Tai Yi Heaven Palace. In a few years … it was already unbelievable for a Banner Lord to become an Alliance Lord. To become a Tai Yiwei, one needed great luck and great talent. Luo Zheng had directly become
A Divine General!
Even though they had seen it with their own eyes, they still found it hard to believe.
"If you don't believe me, you can ask Lu Gou and Da Hui. They were all born in Dragon City and have seen Banner Lord before!" Yue Baihao said.
When Luo Zheng was a Banner Lord, he had defeated the Alliance Lord. He had left a deep impression on the Banner Lords outside Dragon City. There were quite a number of people who knew Luo Zheng.
"To be honest, if Banner Lord Luo Zheng didn't admit it, I wouldn't believe that they are the same person!"
"Even though he easily defeated Situ Xiu back then, I didn't expect him to grow to this extent. It's unbelievable …"
Everyone sighed as they looked at the blood mist in the sky. Luo Zheng's current strength was enough to represent Tai Yi Heaven Palace …
There were about two to three million Golden Crows in the first cluster of dark clouds!
Previously, the Divine Generals had also encountered attacks of this scale. Even if the Twelve Divine Generals went all out to kill them, there would still be a considerable number of Golden Crows that would crash into the eye of the formation. The suicidal attacks of these Golden Crows were enough to destroy a part of the formation in the Lesser Zhen Pass.
Therefore, there were still hundreds of people waiting in the Lesser Zhen Pass. They would pour divine crystals into the Lesser Zhen Pass anytime and anywhere to repair the formation.
However, this time, not a single Golden Crow got close. Ninety-nine percent of them were pierced by Luo Zheng and turned into blood mist. Even if there were some that slipped through the net, the other Divine Generals only needed to casually strike a few times to get rid of them.
After killing all the Golden Crows, Luo Zheng gently retracted his hands. The 128 swords retracted and stabbed into the ground.
Zhu Xuan had always been polite to Luo Zheng. But there was still a kind of arrogance in his bones.
He rose up in Tai Yiwei. After becoming a five-star Tai Yiwei, he entered the Chaotic Origin Great World before joining the Land of Sword Grief to cultivate.
But he did not enter the Second Level before returning to Tai Yiwei. Being a Divine General of Tai Yiwei, he still looked down on the Land of Sword Grief.

Chapter 3286
Luo Zheng naturally didn't notice Zhu Xuan's strange mood.
He looked up at the sky and said, "These Golden Crows are just probing, right?"
Zhu Xuan reacted and replied, "Yes, yes, they are just probing …"
Even if they were just probing, this wave of Golden Crows was too easy to deal with.
Su Kui, who was standing at the front, held a transparent long sword in his hands and glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently.
Luo Zheng's method could indeed defeat a large number of Golden Crows, but these Golden Crows weren't the main force. The real threat wasn't here.
After the first dark cloud contained millions of Golden Crows and was killed, the second dark cloud floated towards the formation eye.
In the middle of this dark cloud, a woman with a hot figure sat in the air with one hand on her waist and looked down at the Inferior Zhen Pass in front of her.
"It's merely a barrier, yet it's able to make us Suncrows stop moving forward. You simply don't know your place. This time, I'll lead all of you through the barrier." Once the woman finished speaking, she lightly plucked something from the top of her head, and a Paramita Token had already landed in her hand. It was a curtain that emitted a myriad of colors.
"Whoosh …"
As she gently shook the curtain, the colorful curtain began to expand. It was as if the curtain was blooming with paint, and as it continued to spread, all the Golden Crows disappeared!
This curtain was the "Traceless Curtain". It was a mysterious Nirvana Realm token that was processed. It was also a supreme Nirvana Realm token in the Hive!
In the northeast corner of the 19th Heaven, there was a cave in the most dangerous Taixiang Mountain. A spider the size of an ant lived in the cave. This spider was called the Five Color Spider.
The spider itself didn't attract the slightest attention. Due to its small size, it had almost no attack power and was not poisonous.
However, the spider webs woven by the Five Color Spider were very beautiful. They were colorful and exuded a magnificent luster.
When someone first found this spider web, it was quite strange. How did this colorful spider web catch prey? No matter how stupid the prey was, it wouldn't fall on such an eye-catching spider web.
After that person observed it, he found that the spider web had a unique ability. It could hide everything on the spider web.
Therefore, that person carefully collected these spider webs for several years. When he had collected enough spider webs, he burned down the entire cave, and the Five Colored Spider, which wasn't famous, became extinct.
The Nirvana Realm token woven by the Five Color Spider was named the Traceless Curtain. Although it was produced in the Nirvana Realm, it was indeed an "artificial" Nirvana Realm token.
Anything covered by the colorless curtain could be completely hidden. It could last for about half an incense stick's worth of time, and during the process of concealment, no one could see it with their 'eyes' or divine sense!
"Whoosh …"
When the colorless curtain spread to the entire flock of Golden Crows, all the Golden Crows disappeared!
"Disappeared?"
"All the Golden Crows are invisible?"
"Divine sense, check!"
Su Kui, Zhu Xuan, Gu Hai, and the other Heavenly Generals released their divine sense at once. However, under the detection of their divine sense, there was nothing in the sky. It seemed that there were no Golden Crows above their heads.
What was worse was the ear-piercing cries of the Golden Crows, which rose and fell in their ears …
Luo Zheng also released his divine sense at once. After failing to detect any movement of the Golden Crows, he quickly withdrew his divine sense. At this time, he noticed a slight change in the cries of the Golden Crows. The originally noisy cries became sharp. That was the sound of high-speed movement.
"Those Golden Crows are sprinting! Stop them! "Luo Zheng roared. The invisible long sword next to him flew backward.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The invisible long swords were like white rainbows piercing the sun, piercing through a series of blood mists.
Su Kui and the others were still immersed in panic. However, after Luo Zheng's roar, they hurriedly lifted their long swords.
Whether they could see it or not, they could always harvest something by slashing randomly.
Although they could also kill a lot of Golden Crows by slashing randomly, if they couldn't lock on to the target, there would naturally be a huge miss. An invisible Explosive Golden Crow Pawn landed in front of Su Kui.
This Explosive Golden Crow Pawn suddenly released an extremely strong energy. With a boom, it exploded. When the explosion bloomed, it released a force of over a hundred Shen Jun.
A mere force of over a hundred Shen Jun was naturally unable to destroy the array of the Inferior Zhen Pass. However, once the Golden Crows appeared, they were usually in groups!
When the first Explosive Golden Crow Pawn exploded, more Explosive Golden Crows landed next to the array's eye.
"Boom boom boom boom boom …"
Rays of golden light bloomed around the array's eye. The light produced by the explosion almost completely submerged the nine array's eye.
However, the damage suffered by the array's eye was blocked by the array inside the Inferior Zhen Pass.
On the upper level of the Inferior Zhen Pass, there was still a huge circular array's eye. This was the main array of the nine array's eye. When the outer nine array's eye were attacked, the main array was constantly trembling. There were even traces of cracks around the main array.
"Replenish the Divine Crystals!"
Someone roared.
There were hundreds of people on standby around the main array.
Under the order, everyone quickly crushed the Divine Crystals and threw them into the main array. The liquid that flowed out from the Divine Crystals was quickly absorbed by the main array.
"Buzz …"
As the entire main array emitted a pure white light, the cracks that had appeared were quickly repaired.
Although the Divine Generals in the array's eye were not injured, they were all frightened when they saw the thousands of Explosive Golden Crows explode outside.
Su Kui and the others had gloomy expressions. They were venting their frustrations by slashing at the colorless and formless Golden Crows. However, the number of kills was like a cup of water on a burning cart of firewood. It could be said that it was meaningless …
As for Gu Hai and the other disciples of the Land of Sword of Grief, they directly chose to give up. They stared at the light produced by the explosion with wide eyes. They were even thinking about how to escape with their lives if the Inferior Zhen Pass was broken.
As for Luo Zheng, he had already closed his eyes and ears.
"Puff puff puff puff …"
The 120 long swords were still flying in the air. There were many Golden Crows. Even if these long swords were randomly attacking, they could still kill many Golden Crows.
But in the process of the flying sword, Luo Zheng caught a trace of abnormality.
Two of the 120 swords suddenly lost their accuracy as they flew forward. It was as if something was pointing at them, causing them to deviate from their course.
Although the Exploding Golden Crow was bigger than the average Golden Crow, it was impossible for it to affect the high-speed translucent sword!
At this moment, Luo Zheng became extremely sharp. In almost an instant, the other transparent longswords had already shot towards the same direction. East, West, North, South, Up, Down, East, West, North, South, Up, Down, East, West, North, South, North, South, North, South, North, South, North, South, North, South, North, South, North, South …
"Ka ka ka …"
When all the swords contracted like a net, seven or eight of the transparent swords were suddenly sent flying.
"Caught you!"

Chapter 3287
At the moment when the Golden Crows disappeared, Luo Zheng had already discovered where the problem was.
The divine abilities in the Mother World were limited. Even if it was a divine ability created according to more than ten True Meanings of Dao, it was impossible for it to make so many Golden Crows disappear without a trace.
It was most likely the ability of the Paramita Token that could achieve such an effect.
These Golden Crows had only been concealed before they charged. This meant that the 'concealment' technique could not be maintained for long. It could only be maintained for a short period of time. Otherwise, the Golden Crows could have been concealed from afar before exploding at the eye of the array. Even Zhen Guan could not deal with it!
Since the Golden Crows were concealed during the charge, the person who executed the divine ability should be within the flock of Golden Crows. Furthermore, it was highly possible that it was a Hive Demoness.
Luo Zheng controlled the hundred over swords and shot them in all directions. On one hand, it was to kill as many Golden Crows as possible. On the other hand, it was to search for the Hive Demoness.
More than a hundred swords flew in all directions. Finally, two of the swords' coincidentally 'hit the demoness. The demoness probably did not care about the two swords and just casually pushed them away.
But it was this push that attracted all the swords!
Just as the Hive Demoness repelled seven to eight swords and was about to break out of the encirclement, all the swords once again pierced through the void at lightning speed.
'Divine Jun Energy!'
Luo Zheng would naturally not let go of this rare opportunity. The Divine Jun Energy in his body burst out.
Originally, each transparent sword was only imbued with ten Divine Jun Energy. But under this burst, three of the transparent swords were imbued with 4,000 Divine Jun Energy!
"Kuang kuang kuang …"
That Hive Demoness lifted the colorless curtain. With a light wave of her hand, she brushed away the transparent swords obstructing her path.
'What a smart technique. Using these swords to probe my position. It's a pity that these swords are so weak …' The Hive Demoness sneered in her heart as she broke through the encirclement.
A mere sword with a strength of 10 Divine Jun might be able to deal with ordinary Golden Crows, but against a Chaotic Origin Expert like her, it was like an itch.
Just as the Hive Demoness was feeling disdainful, another dozen of transparent swords came flying over.
"Clang, clang …"
The first few transparent swords were easily deflected by the banshee, but when she touched the fourth one, her expression suddenly changed.
"Whoosh!"
That long sword contained the power of four thousand Godly Jun. It directly slashed through the gaps between her fingers, making a crisp sound.
If not for the fact that the Godly Nest Demoness had reached the Late Stage Chaotic Origin Realm and had an incredibly thick Chaotic Origin Spirit, this sword would have sliced off her arm!
Even though the Chaotic Origin Spirit had helped her resist the damage, the Chaotic Origin Spirit within her body was still agitated.
"Whoosh —"
Just as her heart was filled with anger, the second longsword arrived as expected.
The Hive Banshee subconsciously spread her wings and performed a somersault in the air to avoid the sword, but the transparent sword still hit her body.
"Clang!"
Even though the power of the sword was extraordinary, it was still blocked by the Spirit of Chaotic Origin.
"The third sword …"
Luo Zheng's eyebrows suddenly rose, and the power of Shen Jun poured out as if it was free.
"Hua …"
As he drew out the energy from the Weapon of Civilization, Luo Zheng released the energy from his Dantian, causing his black hair to flutter in the wind.
This powerful aura shocked Zhu Xuan by the side. She hurriedly asked: "God General Luo Zheng … what are you doing?"
She could not understand why Luo Zheng would be so serious when dealing with those lousy birds. Furthermore, he needed so much energy to kill those birds?
Nevertheless, Luo Zheng had sealed his ears. Naturally, he could not hear what Zhu Xuan was saying.
His mind was spinning rapidly. He was constantly determining the position of that invisible banshee before giving her a fatal blow!
The array core, including the longsword outside the array core, were all maintained by the Inferior Tremor Pass array.
Luo Zheng did not have any restraining fear as he poured his energy into the array core. In a single breath, he drew out 15,000 Godly Jun of energy!
"Xiu!"
Such terrifying energy was something that even Qiu Yin He could not ignore.
The transparent longsword let out a sharp sound. It was like a wailing ghost as it shot towards the void.
"Clang!"
"Ka!"
The Hive Banshee could not dodge at all. She could only watch as the longsword pierced through her chest. The Spirit of Chaotic Origin had only blocked it for a moment before the weakened Spirit of Chaotic Origin fell into a deep slumber. The longsword directly pierced through her chest!
"Pu!"
A huge cloud of blood mist exploded in the sky.
Even though those Exploding Golden Crows were continuously exploding, this huge cloud of blood mist in the sky still attracted the attention of everyone.
"Return!"
After Luo Zheng pierced through the banshee, he extended his finger and lightly hooked it. The longsword that pierced through the banshee was reversed.
Even though that sword had pierced through her, it might not necessarily take her life. Why would Luo Zheng give her a chance to breathe?
Just as that longsword was reversed, a figure stumbled into the vision of everyone not far away. It was a Hive Banshee. This Hive Banshee was even holding onto a piece of colorful cloth!
At the moment the Hive Banshee appeared, other Golden Crows appeared. More Exploding Golden Crows came crashing down under her protection!
Even Su Kui and the other old generals could not help but suck in a breath of cold air when they saw this scene.
The Hive Banshee's eyes were filled with hatred.
She had already discovered that the person controlling the sword was none other than Luo Zheng, who was sitting cross-legged in the array core with his eyes closed!
But when she saw the longsword that contained a terrifying power flying back, she could only grit her teeth and spit out, "Explode for me!"
"Hong hong hong hong hong hong …"
Originally, there were more than a million Exploding Golden Crows floating in the sky with her. But at this moment, those Exploding Golden Crows flocked behind her and kept exploding.
Even though the Exploding Golden Crows themselves could not shake Luo Zheng's longsword, the flocking Golden Crows caused Luo Zheng to lose his aim. His sword actually brushed past her right shoulder.
Soon after, the Hive Banshee flipped her hand and covered herself with the colorless cloth once again, disappearing from everyone's vision.
The moment she disappeared, Luo Zheng once again mobilized hundreds of longswords to probe her position. But this time, the Hive Banshee was well-prepared, and Luo Zheng could not find her again.
However, she left in a hurry, so she did not take those Exploding Golden Crows with her.
The Exploding Golden Crows received the order of the Hive Banshee and continued to sacrifice themselves. They kept exploding in the air like deafening fireworks.
When the last Exploding Golden Crow exploded, Su Kui and the others breathed a sigh of relief.

Chapter 3288
After the Hive Banshee floated back several hundred meters, she tore off the Traceless Curtain from her body.
"Drip, drip, drip …"
Luo Zheng's long sword made a big hole in her chest, and blood kept flowing out of the hole.
The Hive Banshee's injury looked serious, but it was not fatal.
As she flapped her wings, the voice of the Hive Banshee drifted to the Formation Eye, "I thought I could take down the Inferior Zhen Pass in one go, but I didn't expect the people inside to be so strong …"
If Luo Zheng hadn't forced her to reveal herself and let the soldiers blow up the Golden Crows, the Formation Eye of the Inferior Zhen Pass might have collapsed. After all, the Divine Crystals stored in the Inferior Zhen Pass could not last for too long.
"Bitch, don't talk nonsense. Don't run away if you have the ability!" A Divine General in the left Formation Eye scolded.
Hearing this, the Hive Banshee's pale face, which was originally due to excessive blood loss, showed a trace of charm, and her voice became soft and charming, "I've been here all this time. I didn't run away!"
"Let's see if you really have the guts!" Another Divine General in the left Formation Eye said.
After saying this, the two Divine Generals rushed toward the Hive Banshee.
The Formation Eye that shrouded the two Divine Generals also moved forward quickly.
As long as they hid in the Formation Eye, they would be safe. The two Divine Generals could chase after the Hive Banshee, but there was a high probability that they would not be able to catch up. Even Su Kui didn't intend to stop them. Anyway, the two Divine Generals would turn back.
Luo Zheng slowly withdrew more than a hundred long swords. After releasing his sense of hearing, he heard the Hive Banshee's soft and charming voice, which made his heart skip a beat. Then, he looked at the two Divine Generals who were chasing after him. After thinking for a while, his face suddenly changed, "Oh no! Divine General Su Kui, call the two of them back. Something is wrong with them … I'm afraid they have been charmed by the Hive Banshee! "
The 17 Divine Generals, including Luo Zheng, were originally in a state of high tension.
However, Luo Zheng's series of attacks had wounded the Hive Banshee and repelled her, which made the Divine Generals feel a lot more relaxed.
The Hive Banshee Banshee should have run away, but after she pulled away, she revealed her true appearance. Her voice floated, and the two Divine Generals in the Formation Eye on the left were really charmed.
"Zhuo!"
"Han Li! Get back here! "
Su Kui was shocked. He also felt that the situation was far from good.
However, no matter how much Su Kui roared, the two Divine Generals turned a deaf ear to him. They continued to chase after the Hive Banshee while the Array Core protected them.
"What should we do?"
"The eye of the formation is connected to the main formation. If the two of them go too deep into the formation, I'm afraid they'll implicate the entire Inferior Zhen Pass!"
The nine formation eyes were all connected to the main formation, so the entire Lesser Zhen Pass would bear the brunt of the attack. But now, one of the formation eyes had gone far away. If the Golden Crows attacked the formation eye where the two of them were, the Lesser Zhen Pass would be quickly disintegrated …
After Su Kui roared several times in a row, his face revealed a trace of determination. "Break the Earth Dragon Array Core!"
The leftmost eye of the formation was known as the "Earth Dragon". Once the eye of the formation was broken, Zhuo Kou and Han Li would be directly exposed to the Golden Crows. The two of them would be instantly engulfed by the Golden Crows …
Su Kui's judgment was very decisive. He had no other choice.
"Buzz …"
After he gave the order, an invisible ripple spread out into the distance. This ripple flashed before everyone's eyes, and the eye of the formation was broken.
In the distance, a flock of Golden Crows could be seen circling downwards. Then, two people's miserable and weak screams could be heard …
The Hive Banshee with a hole in her chest was holding Zhuo Kou and Han Li's heads. There was a hint of disappointment on her beautiful face. "What a pity. You were decisive. Otherwise, the Inferior Zhen Pass would have been broken."
"If Big Sister Qin doesn't come early, you'll be able to break through soon. Our efforts will be wasted." At this moment, a sweet voice came from behind the Hive Banshee.
Behind her, more than a dozen Hive Banshees flew over. Each of these banshees had a powerful aura, and it was obvious that they all possessed extraordinary Nirvana Tokens.
"Cut the crap. Hurry up and heal me," ordered the demoness.
The demoness behind her smiled coquettishly. She floated in front of the demoness and waved her hand gently. A circular corona appeared in front of the demoness.
"Hiss …"
She gently fiddled with the corona, and the shadow on the corona that represented time rewound for an hour. The demoness' chest was as good as new.
"Big Sister Qin, you're too hasty. Even if you really break through the Inferior Zhen Pass, you won't be able to get through the Heavenly Net," advised the demoness.
"The Heavenly Net isn't invulnerable. If we break through the Inferior Zhen Pass, we'll eventually find a way to break through the Heavenly Net," said the demoness.
"Big Sister Qin's thinking is simple. The Seven Formations and Twelve Passes are two lines of defense. If we break through the Inferior Zhen Pass, there's still the Taihao Formation behind it. I'm afraid that the experts in the Taihao Formation aren't people that we can fight against," said the demoness with a smile.
The demoness frowned and asked, "Then what do you think we should do?"
"If we want to break through the Inferior Zhen Pass, it's easy to break through the Heavenly Net." The demoness stretched out her slender finger and pointed into the distance. "As long as there's someone inside to provide support, it'll be easy to break through the entire Heavenly Net."
"Provide support? Who's going to provide support? "The demoness raised her eyebrows." Why didn't Lord Phoenix tell me about this? "
"Because Lord Phoenix wants to come personally." The demoness smiled.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
Behind the banshees, the black clouds parted to the sides, and over a hundred gigantic Golden Crows slowly descended.
The aura that these Golden Crows exuded was extremely gloomy. Even the other Golden Crows of the same species felt restless and uneasy when they sensed their aura.
"Golden Crow Zombie Spirits!"
The demoness' eyes were filled with shock when she saw the gigantic Golden Crows descending.
These Golden Crow Zombie Spirits were personally cultivated by Lord Emperor Jun and were the strongest beings in the Jinwu. These Golden Crow Zombie Spirits had always been buried in the ground around the Hive and would only come out when the Hive was under attack.
In other words, the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits would only be used when the Golden Crow Clan was on the brink of destruction.
Phoenix reclined on the back of the last Golden Crow Zombie Spirit and looked down at the Heavenly Net in the distance. Her appearance was solemn and dignified.
"Lord Phoenix …"
The demoness was just about to ask the reason when Phoenix gently raised her hand to stop her from speaking.
"This time, the Golden Crow Clan has come out in full force because we have no choice. The battle with Taiyi Heavenly Palace will cause 99% of our clan to suffer losses and even cause the Golden Crow Clan to become extinct in this vast world …" Phoenix sighed.
She knew very well that the entire Mother World would experience a great change and even the entire Chaos would not be able to escape.
Moreover, the source of this great change was probably the Jinwu and Taiyi Heavenly Palace.
As the leader of the Hive, the Phoenix Maiden felt sorry for her sisters. She continued, "I only hope that my sisters can escape this calamity and become one of the lucky few. Only then will you be able to live forever."

Chapter 3289
When Phoenix first heard of the plan from Di Jun, she was also full of doubts.
If the Way of Order was implemented according to Emperor Jun's words, less than 10,000 people would be qualified to survive. What kind of world would that be? Phoenix Girl could hardly imagine.
Although Phoenix was full of doubts, she still did not show it.
Di Jun was the king of the entire Jinwu. Even though Phoenix was the commander of the Hive, she still believed in Di Jun's arrangement unconditionally.
However, after experiencing such a huge change in the Mother World, who knew how many of them would be able to survive without any worries? Moreover, living in a world with less than ten thousand living beings would be extremely tedious …
Phoenix sighed in her heart and waved her hand gently. All the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits spread their wings and flew up. The female demons also stood on the backs of the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits.
Countless Golden Crows once again turned into dark clouds and shrouded the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits. From the outside, it was impossible to see the situation inside.
…
In the Xiaozhen Pass, Su Kui's face did not look good.
Although many people had died since he started guarding the Xiaozhen Pass, they were all insignificant Nirvana Realm cultivators. Even Tai Yiwei had not suffered any casualties.
The 12 Divine Generals had been fighting against the Golden Crows in the eye of the formation and were unharmed.
This time, he had gone through a lot of trouble to ask for five disciples from the Land of Sword Grief, which was equivalent to adding five Divine Generals. However, in the blink of an eye, he had lost two generals! Zhuo Kou and Han Li were his left and right arms!
"Divine General Su Kui, it's a pity that Zhuo Kou and Han Li died, but the Xiaozhen Pass was saved. If it weren't for Divine General Luo Zheng, the Xiaozhen Pass would have been broken," Zhu Xuan comforted him.
Su Kui was sulking for a while, but when he heard this, he nodded calmly. "It was indeed dangerous. I went to check on the main formation. All of them are almost out of Divine Gems. The Xiaozhen Pass's Dharma Array has suffered this round of attack and consumed 100 million Divine Gems …"
If Luo Zheng had not killed a large number of Golden Crows, the Xiaozhen Pass would have been broken.
"If there are not many Divine Gems left, does that mean the Xiaozhen Pass's Dharma Array can't operate?" Gu Hai asked.
"Taihao Mountain has already sent over two hundred million Divine Gems. There shouldn't be a problem," Su Kui replied.
A war at such a level consumed a huge amount of Divine Crystals. A single war would probably consume 10 billion or even 100 billion Divine Crystals. Some comparatively weaker powers would usually run out of Divine Crystals before the war even ended …
"But if that Banshee continues to lead a team to attack us, I'm afraid it's still not easy to deal with," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
This time, Luo Zheng was lucky enough to find out the location of the Hive Banshee. However, the Hive Banshee had been stabbed several times by him. If she came again with the Golden Crow, it would not be easy for Luo Zheng to find her again.
"We just need the Golden Crow to slow down and not come every few days." Zhu Xuan sighed.
Ever since they were stationed at Biaozhen Pass, these Divine Generals, Tai Yiwei, and the Nirvana Realm experts at the lower levels had never had a good night's sleep.
"Looks like it won't happen every few days," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"What do you mean?" Zhu Xuan asked.
Luo Zheng pointed forward with his mouth. Everyone else raised their heads and looked into the distance. Zhu Xuan also turned her head to look, and her face suddenly froze.
If the Golden Crow's previous attack was described as a mass of dark clouds, then this scene was like half the sky!
The entire skyline was black and white. The white area was the area not covered by the Golden Crow, and the black area was the endless number of Golden Crows. The black skyline slowly moved towards the Skynet, swallowing it bit by bit. The length of the skyline was almost immeasurable!
"It's a general attack!" Su Kui's eyes widened.
"Send an order to Taihao Mountain!" A Divine General roared.
…
"Send an order to Taiqing Formation! Jinwu's general attack! "
On the upper level of Tianxun Pass, a Divine General in silver armor shouted.
According to the previous order of Taiyi Heavenly Palace, the seven formations and twelve passes in front of Beixuan City were the last line of defense. Once this line of defense was broken, the entire Center God Province would be lost, and Taiyi Heavenly Palace could only hide within the Seven Mountains!
In the face of Jinwu's general attack, they had no room to retreat. They could only defend with their lives!
Evil Deities sat expressionlessly on the roof of one side of Tianxun Pass, looking at the black mass of Golden Crows. His expression did not change in the slightest.
Dao Refinement Clone was different from the Soul Lodging Ground. The Soul Lodging Ground only allowed Luo Zheng to sense his position, but Evil Deities did not know what he was doing or what he was thinking. He could not even sense his position if he was far away.
Dao Refinement Clone was much more closely connected. Even if he was more than a hundred miles away, Luo Zheng could still sense his thoughts.
He had an instinctive feeling that he should have deceived Luo Zheng and should be planning to escape. But the memory in his mind was not right. This feeling made Evil Deities feel uncomfortable.
As for the black mass of Golden Crows, as many as they could come, he hoped that the world would be more chaotic …
…
Talisman papers were connected end to end and gathered in the center of the Tai Qing Array.
In the center of the Tai Qing Array, countless layers of talisman papers wrapped around an object. From its appearance, it looked like a sword, but because the talisman papers were too thick, it was difficult to tell.
In the center of the array, a long-haired middle-aged man stood with his hands behind his back. One of his hands was gently placed on the object wrapped in talisman papers.
"Whoosh …"
All the talisman papers lost their weight at this moment and flew upwards like thousands of yellow birds spreading their wings. The object wrapped in the talisman papers was empty!
"Whoosh …"
As the talisman papers gathered together, they formed a huge sword. The sword formed by the talisman papers had a strange and powerful aura hidden within it.
"The Heavenly Talisman Taoist Sword. I haven't used it in a long time. It's a pity that Huang Xi is not here. What a pity …"
The long-haired middle-aged man was Su Qiulong, the Mountain Master of Tai Qing Mountain.
The twelve passes were guarded by many Heavenly Generals, and the "seven arrays" were guarded by the Mountain Masters of the seven mountains. But not all of the Mountain Masters of the seven mountains were here.
Inside the Tai Yi Array …
Countless sword lights were like unpredictable water ripples, constantly twisting, rotating, and surging in the array.
Lin Zhanting and the other experts of Tai Yi Mountain stood beside the Tai Yi Array with a solemn expression.
If it was a battle of life and death, Tai Yi Heavenly Palace might not be afraid of the Golden Crow Clan.
But the Seven Mountains and Seven Arrays were missing Donghuang Taiyi and Elder Ying, which was the biggest crisis.
Without these two people, Tai Yi Heavenly Palace's strength dropped by more than 50%!
Moreover, this news was not known to outsiders. If the entire army knew about it, they would probably collapse before the battle …
Looking at the gloomy faces of Lin Zhanting and the others, the beautiful woman sitting in the center of the Tai Yi Array suddenly said, "Everyone, don't worry. Elder Ying has nurtured six million Luo Shen Sword Souls. Although my cultivation is far inferior to Elder Ying's, the gap is not far."
This beautiful woman was called Jing Ping. She was Lingshuang's Aunt Ping and Lin Zhanting's elder sister.

Chapter 3290
Many experts of Taiyi Mountain had come up with an alternative, but Greater One Mountain really had no way to do so.
In the Land of Sword Grief, Luo Zheng wrote down the entire [True Comprehension Chapter] on a piece of paper and gave it to Feng Ge.
Feng Ge excitedly rushed to the Taiyi Palace.
On one hand, she wanted to personally hand it to her father, and on the other hand, she wanted to tell her father what she saw in the Splitting Heaven Temple.
When she arrived at the Taiyi Palace, she knew that her father was in the Dragon Hall.
But when Feng Ge hurried to the Dragon Hall, the guards in front of the Dragon Hall were tight, and she was unable to see her father. Later, when she found her mother, Imperial Concubine Yan, she knew that her father was trapped on the other side, and that Greater One Heavenly Palace was in great danger.
Thinking of the disciples that He Chi recruited from the Land of Sword Grief, Feng Ge finally understood that Greater One Heavenly Palace was in great trouble this time.
On the side of the Greater One Formation, huge swords stood on the spot.
Qiu Yinhe, He Chi and other Tian Jiedu each stood on the hilt of a sword.
On the two huge swords at the front of the Greater One Formation, there were two white-haired elders.
The one on the left was "Elder Gan", Gan Gaohan, who had always followed the Eastern Emperor.
The one on the right was "Elder Ning", Ning Xuyuan.
Many important officials of Greater One Heavenly Palace were gathered on Greater One Mountain. They had the most people, and their strength was also the strongest. But without the Palace Master of Greater One Heavenly Palace, the Greater One Mountain Master was like a group of dragons without a leader!
Although everyone had an extraordinary bearing, there was always a trace of falsehood in their aura.
"Looking at the Golden Crows, they still intend to break through the Great Hao Formation. This path seems easy, but in fact it is very dangerous for them!" Gan Gaohan said as he took out a small purple gold gourd, opened the cork of the gourd, and took a sip of the Immortal wine.
Ning Xuyuan's wrinkled face trembled. He was dressed in rough clothes, and looked like an ordinary woodcutter, holding a dirty rusty sword in his hand.
But none of the Tian Jiedu present dared to underestimate Ning Xuyuan.
He and Gan Gaohan were the left and right arms of the Eastern Sovereign. In terms of strength, they were slightly stronger than Tian Jiedu, and could stand shoulder to shoulder with the other Mountain Lords.
"It's impossible for the Gold Crows not to see it," Ning Xuyuan said with a trembling voice. "Once their main force approaches the Inferior Zhen Pass, the three passes and three formations will inevitably form a strangulation situation. They will definitely suffer a great loss …"
As he spoke, he drew lines in the air with his finger, pointing out the locations of the Zhuozhen Pass and the other passes.
Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and the others silently stared at the lines and passes, their faces solemn.
"Elder Ning is right. Anyone with a discerning eye could see that it was a trap, but they still chose to do so. Unless they are truly arrogant, or …" Qiu Yinhe's words suddenly stopped.
A hint of worry appeared on everyone's faces. They all knew what Qiu Yinhe wanted to say.
Xu Shou had never been a Mountain Chieftain who knew his place. Back then, when he had been defeated by Donghuang, Xu Shou was still rather unconvinced.
Unfortunately, after Donghuang took charge of the Center God Province, Taihao Mountain, as one of the Seven Mountains, had completely lost the possibility of rebellion. The Xu family and Taihao Mountain could only rely on the Heavenly Palace.
In these years, Xu Shou had secretly developed, and Taihao Mountain's strength was already on par with Taiyi Mountain. Although Xu Shou had never revealed his ambitions, it was not difficult to guess.
However, as long as the Eastern Sovereign was alive, Xu Shou would not dare to rebel.
But this time, for Taihao Mountain, it was an excellent opportunity!
If Taihao Mountain planned to rebel, it could also explain why they went to the Inferior Zhen Pass through the Heavenly Net.
The people of Greater One Mountain were all extremely intelligent people, and were able to deduce the general situation from some obscure movements.
"What can we do?" He Chi asked. "Do we attack Xu Shou now?"
"Kill Xu Shou …" Ning Xuyuan's dim eyes flashed with a sharp light.
"Xu Shou hasn't rebelled yet. This is only our guess. If he really wants to rebel, he must be well-prepared." Gan Gaohan closed his eyes and said, "If the Eastern Sovereign is here, everything will be fine. If the Eastern Sovereign isn't here, it will be a dead end sooner or later."
"No matter what, we can't just sit and wait for death. Since things have come to this, we can only follow the plan. If Taihao Mountain really dares to rebel …" Qiu Yinhe's eyes flashed with determination.
"Don't worry. If he really dares to rebel, these old bones of mine will drag him down with me even if I die," Ning Xuyuan said shakily.
As his voice faded …
Ning Xuyuan lightly stomped his foot.
All the Heavenly Chasm Swords outside the Greater One Mountain began to flicker.
These Heavenly Chasm Swords were all forged by Qiu Yinhe, but everyone could control them.
As the Golden Crows continued to advance, everyone in the Seven Formations and Twelve Passes was ready for battle.
Inferior Zhen Pass, lower level …
"Sigh, because Luo Zheng was already a Divine General, he didn't want us to be bait. Who would have thought …"
"Haha, now we don't even have the chance to be bait. With so many Golden Crows, we're dead for sure!"
"So what if we die? We're humans. After all, we're protecting our families!"
The Golden Crows had completely covered the sky. Although the Nirvana Realm cultivators below couldn't see the situation clearly, they knew that the Golden Crows were serious.
Previously, they were indignant because Tai Yiwei was safe and sound in the Lesser Zhen Pass, and they were chased out to die.
Now, everyone, regardless of whether they were Divine Generals or Tai Yiwei, stood on the same line. Their mentality was balanced.
Su Kui looked at the Golden Crows that kept spreading over, and his throat was dry.
He should say something to calm the hearts of the soldiers, but now, even his heart was in turmoil. He didn't know what to say.
At this moment …
Suddenly, rays of purple light came from behind the Lesser Zhen Pass.
"Whoosh —"
"Whoosh —"
"Whoosh —"
Those rays of light turned into long swords and spread out. Anyone who saw the rays of light could feel how powerful they were. The sharpness of the rays of light pierced straight to the heart, as if it could pierce through everything.
"The Taihao Formation has been activated! Soldiers, don't be discouraged. With the Taihao Formation as our backing, we won't lose this battle! "Su Kui took the opportunity to boost the soldiers' morale.
The rays of the rays of light indeed gave many people great confidence. Whether it was Tai Yiwei or the ordinary Nirvana Realm cultivators, their faces gradually became determined.
And at the source of the rays of light …
Xu Shou sat cross-legged and looked at the northeast. His jade-like face had an extraordinary bearing.
"Su Kui from the Lesser Zhen Pass is still boosting the soldiers' morale," Lady Xuan sat beside Xu Shou and said with a charming tone.
"I wonder what that brat's expression will be when he knows the truth. Haha …" The leader of the Dark Squad sneered at the side.
Xu Shou snorted lightly, but said, "Those old things are all shrewd and cunning. I'm afraid they've already guessed the Golden Crows' movements after seeing them."
"So what if they've guessed it?" Lady Xuan smiled gently. "What my husband is doing isn't some shady plot. What can they do?"

Chapter 3291
Countless Golden Crows formed a black sea and spread toward the Heavenly Net.
When the Golden Crows were twenty miles away from the Heavenly Net, the Golden Crows, which were originally moving in parallel, gathered in the direction of the Diaozhen Pass!
After the Golden Crows determined the direction, the Heavenly Net also changed.
The Heavenly Net originally traversed the southwest, but now the Heavenly Net began to fold from the Diaozhen Pass and pushed toward the Golden Crows. The Heavenly Net was actually going to surround the Golden Crows!
When the Heavenly Net began to fold from both sides, the soldiers of the Nu Dou Pass on the left and the Tian Xun Pass on the right began to gather at the Diaozhen Pass.
Not only that, but other than the Tai Hao Formation and the Diaozhen Pass, the other eleven formations and six passes moved along with the Heavenly Net from both sides!
"Whoosh …"
As the Golden Crows got closer and closer, they became more and more scattered.
Even the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit among the Golden Crows was revealed!
The expressions of the experts on the seven formations of the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace suddenly changed when they saw the hundreds of Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
"Jinwu … is really crazy!"
"Emperor Jun actually dug out the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit …"
"That is the foundation of their race, they really intend to fight the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace to the death!"
Jinwu and Tai Yi Heavenly Palace used to have a good relationship and the two races formed an alliance. The higher-ups of both sides knew each other very well.
There was no doubt about the strength of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, but unless faced with the crisis of extermination, the Golden Crow Clan would never use it. Since the Golden Crow Clan used it now, they must have the determination to destroy the Greater One Heavenly Palace!
Phoenix, who was sitting at the top, revealed a charming smile.
Behind the Heavenly Net, the densely packed humans gathered like ants.
In the eyes of the Phoenix Girl, other than the experts of the Greater One Heavenly Palace, these Nirvana Realm experts were the same as the brainless birds of the Golden Crow Tribe. Their existence was meaningless and at best, they were just a pile of numbers.
These numbers were exchanged and reduced with the number of Golden Crows, turning into cheap dust and disappearing from this world forever …
This was the pathetic state of the weak.
"First round of attack."
Phoenix stretched out her hand slightly.
A trace of golden light crawled along her arm and gathered at her forearm, wrist, and finally to her fingertips.
"Buzz!"
When the golden light reached the tip of his finger, it suddenly bloomed.
All the Golden Crows, including the Golden Crow corpse spirit under Phoenix, had no intelligence. They were all under the control of the Hive, and the Hive was under the command of Emperor Jun.
Now that Di Jun was not here, Phoenix was in charge of the war.
When the golden light blossomed, countless Golden Crows received the message to attack in their eyes.
"Ga ga ga …"
The densely packed Golden Crows rushed toward the Heavenly Net ahead of them.
Luo Zheng and the other Immortal Generals entered the Formation Eye again.
Su Kui stood at the front. Seeing the Golden Crows charging, he roared, "Soldiers of the Inferior Zhen Pass, attack!"
It was as if he had used all the strength in his body to shout, and his voice actually managed to drown out the noisy cries of the Golden Crows.
"All soldiers at Nu Dou Pass, attack …"
"Tian Xun Pass …"
The Divine Generals of the other eleven trials responded from even further away.
The Tai Yiwei and the Nirvana Realm experts who were guarding the pass immediately took out their Nirvana Realm tokens and welcomed the Golden Crows …
…
In a battle of this level, Luo Zheng could no longer think about who he should protect.
He sat in the Formation Eye with his eyes closed, and his power was constantly being drawn out.
The transparent long swords were originally only a little more than a hundred, but with his continuous supply of Nirvana Realm power, the number of swords multiplied again. More than two hundred, more than four hundred, more than eight hundred, more than one thousand and six hundred swords …
Each transparent longsword contained the strength of ten godly jun, and this time, he had drawn out sixteen thousand godly jun's worth of godly jun's strength!
Zhu Xuan's eyes almost popped out when she saw more than one thousand transparent flying swords.
Not to mention the difficulty of controlling these flying swords, just the power of ten thousand Jun was enough. What kind of Nirvana Realm token did this guy fuse with?
But now was not the time to ask questions. Zhu Xuan took a few more glances, held her long sword in the air, and slashed toward the Golden Crows above.
"Rise!"
One thousand and six hundred flying swords spiraled up like excited little birds, entangling with each other as they rushed into the sky.
In the face of so many Golden Crows, the flying swords threaded through them. Every Golden Crow that passed through would cause a cloud of blood to explode. The efficiency of clearing out the Golden Crows was extremely high, and a large number of Golden Crows that rushed toward the Formation Eye were killed!
"It's that human brat again!"
Demoness Qin stared at the flying swords, and a trace of killing intent appeared in her eyes. "Who will come with me to destroy those Formation Eyes!"
"I'll go down!"
"Sister Qin, let's go down together!"
Two demonesses responded to Demoness Qin.
The Phoenix Maiden's target was not the Inferior Zhen Pass. She wanted to destroy the entire Skynet.
The task of destroying the Inferior Zhen Pass would be done by the Hive demonesses.
Swoosh …
Demoness Qin grabbed the Traceless Curtain in the air. With a gentle wave of her hand, a five-colored light enveloped the three Golden Crows, and they instantly disappeared from sight.
However, the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were extremely large, and their disappearance had attracted Luo Zheng's attention.
Luo Zheng waved his hands lightly, and a portion of the flying swords were sent to attack the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits.
Ding, ding, ding, ding …
Very quickly, these flying swords encountered an obstruction and struck a solid surface.
Luo Zheng's expression did not change at all. The power of ten Jun was extremely weak, and it was only used to pierce through the weak Golden Crows.
The Golden Crow Corpse Spirits floating down from the sky were huge, and clearly were not ordinary creatures.
"Gather!"
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
A portion of the flying swords continued to merge, and the power of the Divine Jun rapidly increased.
"Five thousand Jun!"
A flying sword pierced through the void.
Clang!
The flying sword made a crisp sound, but it was still bounced off by the invisible void.
Seeing this scene, a trace of surprise appeared on Luo Zheng's face. The defensive power of these Golden Crow Corpse Spirits was beyond his expectations.
"Eight thousand Jun!"
The flying sword circled in the air before stabbing into the void again.
Clang!
Another crisp sound was heard, and the flying sword was bounced off again.
"Fifteen thousand Jun!"
This time, Luo Zheng simply gave up on most of the flying swords, and gathered the power of the Divine Jun into a long sword, and continued to stab into the void.
"Crack …"
This time, the flying sword finally pierced into the body of the huge monster in the void, but it only pierced half a foot.
A trace of surprise appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes. He slightly clenched his fist in the air, and directly dispersed the power of the flying sword, but said, "This is troublesome …"
The power of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits was far beyond Luo Zheng's expectations.
"Divine General Luo Zheng, what's the trouble?" Zhu Xuan turned around and asked in confusion.
Luo Zheng pointed forward and said, "See for yourself."

Chapter 3292
The aura emitted by the azure flames was extremely astonishing.
Luo Zheng had already expected this when he attacked the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
Seeing that they were about to spit out flames, he immediately shouted, "Everyone, get out of the way!"
With that, Luo Zheng rushed to the far right of the formation core.
Zhu Xuan's reaction wasn't slow either. As soon as Luo Zheng's voice fell, she cooperated with Luo Zheng and moved to the right.
The other Divine Generals did the same. They formed pairs of two and dodged to the side.
But in the midst of the chaos, two Divine Generals rushed out of the formation core behind Su Kui in the opposite direction.
The two of them moved in the opposite direction. The formation core was fixed in place!
By the time the two of them reacted, one of them had just rushed to the other side when the three Golden Crow Corpse Spirit spat out azure flames from their mouths.
"Hiss …"
Three streaks of blue flames with mysterious blue sparks shot forward, instantly engulfing the eye of the formation.
The two Divine Generals stood in the formation core and looked at the oncoming blue flames. They still had a trace of hope in their hearts.
Perhaps the blue flames spat out by the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit weren't that powerful …
But this trace of hope lasted less than a breath's time.
"Ka ka ka ka …"
The formation core protecting Luo Zheng, Su Kui, and the others, as well as the transparent longswords formed by the formation core, shattered in an instant.
The people guarding the main formation didn't even have time to throw in divine crystals to stabilize it.
As for the two Divine Generals facing the blue flames, they were burned to ashes and disappeared from the world when the formation core shattered.
The blue flames continued to fly forward and didn't hit the center of the Inferior Zhen Pass.
When Liu Yan approached Zhuozhen Pass, the Heavenly Net appeared and blocked Liu Yan's path.
Although the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was powerful, it couldn't tear the Heavenly Net apart with just a few streams of flames.
"Sisters, I'll leave the others to you. That guy is mine!" The demoness surnamed Qin's eyes flashed with a flirtatious red light.
Luo Zheng had almost killed her just now. She would take revenge with her own hands.
"Phew …"
After Demoness Qin finished speaking, she waved the Traceless Curtain in her hand and the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit disappeared without a trace.
The Inferior Zhen Pass had been broken, and Su Kui and the other Godly Generals had lost the protection of the Formation Eye.
At this point, they no longer had any room to retreat …
Tai Yiwei and Nirvana Realm experts in Zhuozhen Pass had already rushed out of the Heavenly Net to meet the enemy. As Heavenly Generals, it was impossible for them to return to the Heavenly Net.
Moreover, the Heavenly Net was not omnipotent. Once the Heavenly Net was destroyed, they would still have to face the Golden Crows!
When Luo Zheng saw the demoness and the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit disappear, a trace of vigilance appeared on his face. His body began to flutter backwards as he drew a long sword in his hand.
"Nine Split Lights!"
Swish, swish, swish …
Streaks of sword light formed a net and pushed forward.
The Golden Crow Corpse Spirit's defense was shockingly strong, so Luo Zheng naturally did not expect the golden light to cause any harm to it.
In just a moment, the net-like sword light had already slashed onto the surface of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, producing muffled "pu pu pu pu" sounds. Just as Luo Zheng had guessed, the demoness surnamed Qin was riding the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit straight towards him.
Although the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit had completely disappeared, the sword net still had a rough shape when it slashed onto it.
"Kill him."
The demoness surnamed Qin, who was standing on the back of the Golden Crow, gave the order.
Although the demoness surnamed Qin had been injured by Luo Zheng, she did not think that Luo Zheng was that strong. She believed that Luo Zheng had relied on the inferior array formation to defeat her.
"Phew …"
The Golden Crow Corpse Spirit circled in the air, its wide wings were like blades as it slashed towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng relied on the endless sword beams to naturally see that the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was attacking him.
He gently retracted his feet and leaped backwards, avoiding the slash of the wings.
"Cha, cha, cha …"
As soon as Luo Zheng dodged, several deep and wide cuts appeared on the ground.
Seeing the cuts made by the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, Luo Zheng was secretly shocked.
The Golden Crow Corpse Spirit did not seem to have intelligence, so of course it could not cultivate, let alone enter the Nirvana Realm. Then, where did such a terrifying power come from?
"Cha, cha, cha …"
Just as he was thinking, the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit turned on the ground and slashed its wings again.
In the face of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit's series of attacks, Luo Zheng kept slashing out sword beams and dodging them.
However, after Luo Zheng had dodged five or six rounds of attacks in a row, the demoness surnamed Qin narrowed her beautiful eyes and flapped her wings to leave the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit. She quietly passed through the sword beams and quickly approached Luo Zheng.
"Pa! Pa! "
The moment the demoness surnamed Qin revealed her true form, she stretched out her hands and quickly patted Luo Zheng's shoulders twice.
These seemingly gentle pats had already left two lock-shaped marks on Luo Zheng's shoulders!
As soon as the lock-shaped marks appeared, he felt his arms and legs become extremely heavy. He was actually rooted to the ground and could not move!
"You are already dead …"
After the two pats, the demoness surnamed Qin gave Luo Zheng a beautiful smile and suddenly turned over.
Not far away, the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, which had been hiding, revealed itself.
It was spitting out blue flowing flames from its mouth, passing under the demoness surnamed Qin and going straight for Luo Zheng.
"Whoosh!"
Unable to dodge, Luo Zheng was directly hit by the blue flowing flames, and his whole body was hidden in it.
The demoness surnamed Qin flapped her wings and looked down with a slightly hazy gaze, with a hint of complacency in her eyes.
The blue flowing flames spouted by the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit were also the Golden Crow Sacred Fire. However, the Sacred Fire of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was also divided into different categories and grades. The Sacred Fire of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit belonged to the top level, which was only weaker than that of Emperor Jun himself in the entire Jinwu.
Although a mere Immortal General was very agile, he would definitely die if he was hit by the flowing flames.
The whole battlefield was very chaotic, but the light of the blue flowing flames still attracted some people's attention.
Su Kui, who was busy killing the Golden Crow, saw this scene and his expression suddenly froze. He sighed slightly and looked away.
From Su Kui's perspective, Luo Zheng was definitely an excellent seedling. He had just left the Land of Sword Grief and was already able to exert such strength. Such a guy was rare, and it was a pity that he died like this.
Zhu Xuan, Gu Hai, and the others were also stunned, but they did not think too much about it since they could not take care of themselves.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The blue flowing flames continued to burn Luo Zheng's body for more than ten breaths. Luo Zheng stood motionless, and his body turned into golden spirals and absorbed the flames into his body.
All this time, Luo Zheng had intentionally or unintentionally used all kinds of flames to temper his body. Most of the time, those flames did not have much effect on Luo Zheng.

Chapter 3293
Reading on a mobile phone
Even though this blue flame seemed very powerful, Luo Zheng did not expect it to bring any benefits to his fleshy body.
At the same time when the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit stopped spitting out flames, Luo Zheng leapt up and charged towards Demoness Qin!
Demoness Qin originally thought that Luo Zheng was dead for sure. Her gaze had already locked onto the next God General.
Just as she unhurriedly flapped her wings and planned to return to the back of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, Luo Zheng had already charged over.
Demoness Qin had never thought that Luo Zheng could return safely from the blue flame!
Just as shock appeared on her face, Luo Zheng's sword had already pierced through her chest. Her Chaotic Origin Spirit had already been consumed by Luo Zheng once. Currently, it had only recovered 30%.
Luo Zheng's sword was only slightly delayed before it pierced through her chest.
"You're not afraid of fire?" Demoness Qin used all her strength to ask.
"Naturally not." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Ceng —"
After saying that, Luo Zheng abruptly pulled back his sword. The sword light sliced the Godly Nest Demoness into two halves from top to bottom.
After killing Demoness Qin, Luo Zheng's gaze landed on the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
Without a controller, the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was like an ownerless object.
The Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was like a puppet that needed to be controlled by someone to move it …
Luo Zheng's mind spun. Suddenly, he thought of the Human's Tool of Civilization. He recalled that other than the Soul of Heavenly Venerable Primordial Beginning, there was also the Soul of Di Jun!
Even though these Soul Auras were not their true bodies, they still contained their memories and aura.
After casually killing the dozens of Golden Crows nearby, Luo Zheng sent a strand of thought into his inner world to summon Heavenly Venerable Primordial Beginning.
Luo Zheng's Inner World had changed a lot since he received the Weapon of Civilization. The Heavenly Primogenitor and other Souls had been modifying Luo Zheng's Inner World and arranging some strange things.
Since the Instrument of Civilization had been integrated into Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng trusted them. During the modification, even the Spirit of Green Jade often followed behind the Heavenly Primogenitor and asked him questions.
When Luo Zheng transmitted his experience and thoughts to his inner world, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin raised his eyebrows and pointed at the scroll in the air.
After a few pages of the book were flipped, a handsome man appeared. It was Di Jun himself.
"What? Golden Crow Corpse Spirit? " Di Jun looked surprised. "Although my reincarnation betrayed the Path of the End, he's quite capable. He even brought out the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit …"
"I wonder if Senior Emperor Jun can control this Golden Crow Corpse Spirit?" Luo Zheng's voice came into his Inner World again.
Di Jun's answer made Luo Zheng's heart skip a beat. "It's a piece of cake!"
After a while, the shadow of a scroll appeared above Luo Zheng's head. As the scroll flipped slightly, Di Jun's head popped out of the pages. Through the Instrument of Civilization, Di Jun re-examined the world after thousands of chaos epochs.
However, the scene he saw after thousands of chaos epochs made him very unhappy.
The Golden Crows that blotted out the sky and the sun were fighting with the Human Tribe, which reminded him of some unpleasant memories.
"Senior Emperor Jun, I'm talking about the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit." Luo Zheng pointed to the front.
The other female monsters were fighting with the Immortal Generals, so no one paid attention to Luo Zheng.
"Just go up," Di Jun said.
Without saying a word, Luo Zheng jumped up and stepped on the back of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
When he stepped on the back of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, a familiar yet strange feeling came over him. He could not only control the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, but also the Nirvana Realm Token in its body. "The Golden Crow Corpse Spirit carries the Nirvana Realm Token, and this Nirvana Realm Token …"
The Nirvana Realm Token was in the shape of a spindle, like a fruit core.
"It's a treasure of faith," Emperor Jun said expressionlessly. "It's the Demon Star Fruit of Tao. There are more than 100 of them. I put it in the 31st Heaven. I didn't expect that 'I' would find it..."
The faith treasures in the Mother World could carry the Nirvana Realm Token.
However, most of the faith treasures could not carry the high-level Nirvana Realm Token. First of all, their strength could not keep up.
Even if the Demon Star Tao Fruit had a strong pure force, how could the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit bear it …
Now was not the time to get to the bottom of it. Luo Zheng stood behind the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit and looked at the large group of Golden Crows not far away. The corner of his mouth curled up as a thought flashed through his mind.
The Golden Crow Corpse Spirit under his feet opened its mouth and spat out a blue flame.
"Whoosh …"
How powerful was the blue flame?
The Golden Crows were just ordinary creatures. They were burned to ashes by the flame.
"This way!"
"Burn to the left!"
"Whoosh …"
The Golden Crow Corpse Spirit under Luo Zheng's feet spread its wings and circled, spitting out flames in all directions. Every time it spat out a blue flame, thousands of Golden Crows would be burned to ashes.
Not far away, Yue Baihao and the other Nirvana Realm cultivators were running wildly.
It was not difficult for the Divine General and the five-star Tai Yiwei to kill the Golden Crows.
However, with their strength, there was not much they could do in the face of thousands of Golden Crows other than running away.
"The Golden Crows are coming down!"
"Get down!"
"…"
Above them, countless Golden Crows shot down like bolts of lightning.
Yue Baihao instinctively laid on the ground and curled his hands into a ball.
Facing the Golden Crows, he could not fight back at all!
"Pfff pfff pfff pfff …"
Dozens of people were pierced by the Golden Crows. Some of them had a hole in their stomach while others had their skulls overturned.
Hot blood spurted out and covered Yue Baihao's head!
The Golden Crows' charge had killed half of the three hundred people in their group.
"I'll fight it out with them!"
In fear, someone took out his Nirvana Realm Token.
However, the Nirvana Realm Tokens from the Second and Third Heavens could not be used, not to mention the Golden Crows' speed.
Those who wanted to fight with their lives had just taken out their Nirvana Realm Tokens when the Golden Crows brushed past their necks.
Seeing the people around him fall one by one, Yue Baihao only felt despair.
"In such a situation, even the Banner Lord would not be able to … survive?"
When he could not even protect himself, Yue Baihao thought of Luo Zheng. Perhaps he still had a trace of hope that the Banner Lord could save him. However, his rationality told him that it was impossible …
"Phew …"
Just as Yue Baihao was thinking in a daze, a heatwave hit him in the face.
He only saw a blue light flashing above his head, and then a huge Golden Crow landed beside him.
"Come up quickly!" Luo Zheng stood on the Golden Crow's back and shouted.
Yue Baihao blinked his eyes blankly. He could not understand what was happening in front of him.
This book came from

Chapter 3294
After glaring at Luo Zheng for a breath of time, Yue Bai Hao's will to live woke him up.
After crawling up from the ground, he rushed up and jumped onto the back of this Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
"Sir Banner Lord … why are you able to control this Golden Crow?" Yue Bai Hao asked.
Needless to say, Yue Bai Hao knew how terrifying this Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was.
Those huge Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were attacking the Heavenly Net. Let alone Nirvana Realm experts like them, even those Tai Yiwei experts were not qualified to fight against the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
Luo Zheng stood upright on the back of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit. He controlled the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit to spit out blue flames. Hearing Yue Bai Hao's words, he chuckled, "You can do it too."
"What can I do …"
While Yue Bai Hao was still in a daze, the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit flapped its wings and charged forward.
The majority of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were gathered above. Under the command of Phoenix, they charged towards the Heavenly Net. Only a few scattered Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were cleaning up the God Generals in the Inferior Zhen Pass.
"Hua!"
A blue flame shot down from the sky. Su Kui barely dodged it by rolling on the ground. But the heat from the flame had already burnt his hair.
If not for the protection of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, his body would have been burnt.
As Su Kui dodged, he slashed out three times with his sword.
"Shua shua shua!"
"Execution Triple Slash!"
The three sword lights tore through the sky, leaving behind traces of spatial cracks as they slashed towards that Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
But this Golden Crow Corpse Spirit did not dodge at all. It was as though it did not place Su Kui's three slashes in its eyes.
"Pu pu pu!"
The Sword Dao divine ability Su Kui cultivated was abnormally tyrannical. But when the sword lights landed on the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, they did not even leave a scratch.
'These Golden Crow Corpse Spirits are too strong. They are not something I can fight against …'
Su Kui revealed a look of disappointment when he saw this.
When he was defending the Inferior Zhen Pass, Su Kui was prepared to die.
So many of his companions had died in the Mountain River Fortress. He was lucky to escape with his life. It was worth it for him to survive these few days.
Once Su Kui had such a thought, his fighting spirit immediately decreased, but he still continued to fight.
"Foolish human, isn't the result the same no matter how long you struggle?" A female demon on the back of the Golden Crow corpse spirit sneered.
The Golden Crow corpse spirit opened its mouth again and spat out blue flames at Su Kui.
In the face of the flames descending from the sky, Su Kui had no choice but to flee. He didn't have much room for resistance.
"Phew …"
Suddenly, a huge shadow flitted past the corner of Su Kui's eyes.
"Another Golden Crow Corpse Spirit. Isn't it a bit wasteful for such a powerful being to deal with a Divine General like me? Alas …" Su Kui sighed inwardly.
One Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was already too much for him to handle, let alone two?
The Banshee on the back of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit also had a strange look on her face. She was the one in charge of dealing with this Divine General. There was no need for anyone else to intervene. Seeing that the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was rushing towards them at an extremely fast speed without any intention of slowing down, the Banshee finally realized that something was wrong.
However, she didn't have time to control the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit to dodge, nor did she have time to see who was controlling the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit. She only saw a figure flying up from the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit and charging at her like lightning.
"Not good …"
The female demon decisively left her "mount", but just as she flew up, the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit on the opposite side suddenly raised its wings and slashed at her from a very suitable height.
"Puchi …"
The wings of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit were so strong that even Luo Zheng couldn't bear it. Naturally, the female demon was almost chopped into pieces.
Luo Zheng was already standing on the back of the other Golden Crow Corpse Spirit. He turned around and smiled at Yue Baihao. "I said you could do it."
Controlling the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit didn't take much effort. Since Yue Baihao could enter the Nirvana Realm, the strength of his soul was more than enough.
Luo Zheng didn't make a move to seize the second Golden Crow Corpse Spirit. He just let Yue Baihao control the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, and then Luo Zheng scared the female demon into jumping up. In this way, he easily seized the second Golden Crow Corpse Spirit …
"I can also control it!"
Yue Baihao's face was full of excitement.
He had never thought that he could control such a powerful existence.
With a slight thought, the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit under his feet suddenly spat out blue flames in the distance, burning thousands of Golden Crows to ashes!
As for Su Kui below, he was completely dumbfounded as he watched Luo Zheng effortlessly seize the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
Putting aside Luo Zheng's strange means, since the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was a weapon of the Golden Crow Clan, it was impossible to snatch it. But Luo Zheng just lightly jumped and the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit under his feet was already under his control. This was simply inconceivable!
Luo Zheng landed on the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit and said, "Divine General Su Kui, please come up."
"I … can also come up?" Su Kui was flattered.
"Of course, let's go grab the other Golden Crow Corpse Spirit!" Luo Zheng said.
When the general attack was launched, the female demon surnamed Qin led two Golden Crow Corpse Spirits to attack Zhuo Zhen Pass. Now, the last Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was chasing the other Divine Generals in the distance.
As soon as Su Kui stood up, the two Golden Crow Corpse Spirits flew away again …
…
High up in the sky.
Hundreds of Golden Crow Corpse Spirits spat out blue flames at the same time, which poured down on the Heavenly Net.
As the trump card of Tai Yi Heavenly Palace, the Heavenly Net Formation's defensive power could not be underestimated. No matter how the blue flames burned, the Heavenly Net remained unmoved!
Phoenix's face reflected the flickering blue light, her beautiful eyes full of calmness.
No matter how tough the Heavenly Net was, if it kept burning like this, it would eventually collapse. It just needed a long time.
As long as the Heavenly Net was broken, the Golden Crow Clan would naturally invade.
Phoenix originally thought that as long as they attacked the Heavenly Net, they would inevitably draw out all the experts of the Seven Mountains.
And yet, no matter how much she burned the corpses of the golden crows, the experts of the Seven Mountains were still biding their time. It was only the Prime Guard and God Generals of the twelfth pass who charged out of the Heavenly Net to fight the golden crows.
After the blue flames burned for half an hour, from behind the Heavenly Net, sword lights soared into the sky.
"Can't hold it in anymore?" Phoenix Maiden's lips curled into a smile.
"Swoosh!"
A sword light that was tens of thousands of feet long, as if it could cut the sky in half, pierced through the Heavenly Net without any hindrance, and slashed toward Phoenix with great precision.
Phoenix sat upright on the back of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, as if she was sitting on a small boat drifting with the waves, and gently swayed to avoid the sword light.

Chapter 3295
The one who attacked was the Mountain Lord of Mount Taijin.
After this heaven-splitting sword light missed, the Mountain Lord of Mount Taijin's expression did not change in the slightest.
He held the golden sword in his hand horizontally, and the roars of dragons and tigers came from the sword edge …
His other hand gently pinched horizontally, his eyes lit up, and the golden sword slashed out again.
"Swish …"
Another huge sword light whizzed out.
The masters of the other six mountains were all waiting for orders from Greater One Mountain. Before the orders were issued, they would not leave the great formation that they were guarding.
Although this attack from a hundred miles away was sharp and powerful, it would be difficult to hit Phoenix or even those Golden Crow Corpse Spirits.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
After the Mountain Lord of Mount Taijin made his move, a gust of wind suddenly blew from the other side. Upon closer inspection, this gust of wind contained countless small swords. As they flew over, they immediately swept up all the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits and Phoenix.
"Destroy!"
In the Great Green Array, the Mountain Lord of Mount Taijin roared.
"Crackle …"
The chaotic swords in the gust of wind released countless lightning bolts that exploded in all directions.
Phoenix was still sitting on the back of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits, and there was still a faint smile on her face. "These old things don't dare to come out. They only plan to test me like this?"
As soon as she finished speaking, snake-shaped sword shadows spread out.
Those snake-shaped sword shadows drew a gray trajectory in the air. This was the Phantom Serpent Sword of Mount Taiming. These gray sword shadows could cross space to hurt people.
Phoenix was obviously relying on a space-type magic treasure to make the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits dodge the attacks of these experts. The Mountain Lord of Mount Taiming naturally hoped that the Phantom Serpent Sword would work.
However, these gray snake-shaped sword shadows continued to spread, but they still could not touch Phoenix in the slightest!
"Swish!"
Right in front of Phoenix Woman, a boundless purple light soared into the sky and shot into the deep space. Soon, it descended from the top of Phoenix Woman's head. It was an immeasurably long purple sword!
"Boom!"
The purple sword smashed down from the sky, and aside from the purple light that filled the sky, it still did not cause any harm to Phoenix.
Phoenix looked at the purple light in the distance, and a mocking smile appeared on her face.
Mount Taihao was just a pawn in Di Jun's scheme. Now, they had to put on a show in front of the other six mountains.
Each of the Seven Mountains unleashed their most powerful attacks from behind the Heavenly Net. However, this round of attacks was better than nothing. They were purely probing attacks.
On the hilts of the Heavenly Chasm Swords in the Supreme One Sect.
"Is it going to start?" Ning Xu Yuan asked.
Gan Gaohan narrowed his eyes. Even from such a distance, he could still see through everything. "Wait a little longer …"
"But the Heavenly Net won't last long under the burning of those Golden Crow corpse spirits," Ning Xuyuan said.
Among all the sword cultivators, Ning Xuyuan had the highest attainments in formations. He had also participated in the construction of the Great Heavenly Net Formation.
Although the Heavenly Net was sturdy, it could not withstand such a powerful attack.
"And the Divine Generals have also suffered great losses," Qiu Yinhe said.
In this battle, all the elites of the Greater One Heavenly Palace had come out. Whether it was the Divine Generals of Tai Yiwei or the disciples of the Land of Sword Grief, they were all the future of the Greater One Heavenly Palace. Under such losses, the experts of the major sword sects were all heartbroken.
In fact, everyone present knew Gan Gaohan's worries.
Until now, the Golden Crow Clan had only sent out Phoenix and a group of Golden Crow corpse spirits.
Phoenix's strength was on par with Qiu Yinhe and the others. Although the Golden Crow corpse spirits were powerful, they were still puppets without intelligence. It was impossible to break through the Greater One Heavenly Palace's defensive line with just these.
For Phoenix to be so calm, she must have a very strong backup plan.
Gan Gaohan did not act for a long time because he was worried about this. He hesitated for a moment, then reached out and pinched a sound transmission talisman. "Lord Jin Huang, can you lead Mount Tai Yiwei to attack first?"
As long as the power of one mountain was mobilized, the Golden Crow corpse spirits led by Phoenix would not be able to resist. They would have to use their trump card.
Gan Gaohan could only lead Greater One Heavenly Palace to respond after recognizing their trump card.
There was only this one chance.
If these mountain lords were all buried here, even if they retreated to the seven mountains, Greater One Heavenly Palace would lose the power to fight. They would be defeated sooner or later.
"I, Jin Huang, will obey Elder Gan's order, but we, the seven mountains, are of the same breath and branch, we should fight back together. If we, Mount Tai Yiwei, take the lead, I'm afraid I can't face these brothers of mine." The voice of the mountain lord of Mount Tai Yiwei was transmitted back.
In such a situation, even a fool could see that the one who took the lead would undoubtedly die.
If Jin Huang led the troops of Mount Tai Yiwei and rushed up, they would definitely die. The people of Mount Tai Yiwei were not afraid of death, but they were not willing to sacrifice themselves in such a way. At least, they could not do it with just a word from Elder Gan.
Jin Huang's voice was naturally transmitted to the ears of Ning Xuyuan, Qiu Yinhe and the others. They looked at each other and sighed slightly.
Gan Gaohan once again held a transmission token, this time asking Mount Tai Yiwei to take action, but the words of the mountain lord of Mount Tai Yiwei were almost exactly the same as those of Mount Tai Yiwei. They could send troops, but they would not die.
Next was Mount Tai Ming, Mount Tai Hao, Mount Tai Qing …
After a round of pleading, Gan Gaohan directly crushed the transmission token in his hand and shook his head. "I, Gan Gaohan, am still insignificant, I can't represent Lord Donghuang."
If Donghuang was in charge of the formation, these mountain lords naturally would not dare to disobey.
There was no reason to refuse whoever took the lead.
Although Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan were old people of Greater One Heavenly Palace, the mountain lords were people who were as famous as Donghuang. How could they be willing to be ordered around by him?
"Elder Gan, I'll go up with brother He Chi!" Qiu Yinhe volunteered.
He Chi also cupped his hands in agreement, their eyes flashing with determination.
"Just the two of you, I'm afraid it's not enough. If you go up like this, I'm afraid it'll be a meaningless sacrifice." Gan Gaohan shook his head.
"Then count me in!" Elder Hai, who had been silent on the side, suddenly said.
"These old bones of mine have lived long enough, count me in," Ning Xuyuan also said.
"And me …"
"Elder Gan, I …"
Looking at these experts of Greater One Heavenly Palace, Gan Gaohan revealed a helpless smile. "Among the Seven Mountains and Seven Formations, Greater One Heavenly Palace is the most important. If you all go up, are you planning to leave me alone to preside over this formation?"
Everyone suddenly fell silent, and He Chi even clenched his teeth.
The Golden Crow's unhurried advance really put the Greater One Heavenly Palace in a dilemma.
At this moment, Qiu Yinhe suddenly stared into the distance, softly exclaiming, his eyes full of surprise. "Look, what's that …" More than a hundred Golden Crows corpse spirits were neatly arranged in the air, but below them were three Golden Crows corpse spirits circling. These three Golden Crows corpse spirits were actually spitting out blue flames at their own kind.

Chapter 3296
Originally, Luo Zheng rode the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit and flew close to the ground, but after snatching the third Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, he increased his altitude.
The other two Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were ridden by Su Kui and Yue Baihao!
It had to be said that although Yue Baihao's cultivation was low, his ability to ride the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was a level higher than Su Kui's!
After Qiu Yinhe's reminder, everyone on the Heavenly Chasm Sword focused their attention.
Especially Gan Gaohan, his pupils contracted, and a triangular prism appeared in the depths of his pupils. Even though they were more than a hundred miles away, he could see everything on the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
When he saw it clearly, a dumbfounded expression appeared on his wrinkled face.
It was not only Gan Gaohan who was like this.
Ning Xuyuan reached out and clasped his hands in the air, covering his eyes. When he saw Luo Zheng riding the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit and constantly spitting out blue flames, his eyes suddenly widened.
As for Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and the others, they also used their own methods. Some used their Divine Sense to investigate, some used their powerful eyesight to observe, and then the expressions on their faces were strange.
But most of them were shocked, speechless, and puzzled …
"The Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was snatched by those three brats?" Gan Gaohan couldn't help but ask after a moment of silence.
"It seems to be so," He Chi nodded.
"How is that possible? The Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was cultivated by Di Jun with so much effort, but it was so easily snatched away. What qualifications does Di Jun have to attack the Qi Bei Province …" Another Tian Jiedu shook his head and said.
Even though he saw it with his own eyes, this Tian Jiedu still had a face full of disbelief.
The implication was that if the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was so easy to snatch, Di Jun was not enough to be the opponent of the Heavenly Palace.
After all, a powerful puppet like the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit would definitely have many kinds of restrictions.
Not to mention Su Kui and Luo Zheng, who were Divine Generals.
Even if the Eastern Emperor Taiyi came in person, he could only crush these Golden Crow Corpse Spirits into powder, and could not directly snatch them …
"They snatched three Golden Crow Corpse Spirits, who did it? Su Kui? "A Tian Jiedu asked.
Su Kui could be considered a veteran among the Divine Generals. If his strength improved further, he would be qualified to become Tian Jiedu. Therefore, they instinctively thought that it would be Su Kui.
"It should be Luo Zheng," Qiu Yinhe said with a smile, as if all his previous worries had disappeared.
"I think so too." He Chi nodded.
Doing such a thing was not a matter of strength at all.
After all, it was impossible for Qiu Yinhe to go. Moreover, in the eyes of Qiu Yinhe and He Chi, Luo Zheng's strength clearly surpassed Su Kui's.
After seeing this scene, Gan Gaohan fell silent.
A glimmer of hope suddenly appeared in his heart. He hoped that Luo Zheng and the others could become a small variable and break the current deadlock.
…
Luo Zheng's Golden Crow Corpse Spirit sprinted forward and suddenly pulled upwards.
His entire body was almost vertical!
He had originally wanted to rely on the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit to kill more of the ordinary Golden Crows, but the Golden Crows covered the sky and covered the earth. It was impossible to kill them all.
More importantly, all the Golden Crow corpse spirits were attacking the Heavenly Net!
Luo Zheng was not a key figure in this war with the Golden Crow Clan, so he did not know the plan made by the higher-ups of the Heavenly Palace.
But he only knew that if the Heavenly Net was broken, the situation would be even more troublesome!
"Senior Di Jun, it seems that you can control the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit without touching them?" Luo Zheng asked.
When Luo Zheng snatched the first and second Golden-eyed Corpse Spirit, he got close to the Golden-eyed Corpse Spirit. However, when he snatched the third Golden-eyed Corpse Spirit, the female Hive Monster was thrown away by the Golden-eyed Corpse Spirit. Then, Emperor Jun took control of the female Hive Monster from a distance.
"Yes," Di Jun replied, "but you have to make sure that there are no Hive Banshees on the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit."
"Then the ones above …" Luo Zheng was delighted when he heard this.
There were hundreds of Golden Crow Corpse Spirits above, but less than 20 of them had Hive Banshees on their backs. If he could get all of them …
Even someone as calm as Luo Zheng could not help but feel excited.
"Of course you can, but you have to get closer," Di Jun replied expressionlessly.
Frankly speaking, Di Jun was disappointed with the Jinwu of this world. The behavior of these Golden Crows was completely contrary to the purpose of Di Jun's seed.
"Whoosh …"
The Golden Crow Corpse Spirit under Luo Zheng's feet suddenly accelerated and rushed upward.
The Phoenix Girl sat on the back of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit at the very top, indifferently looking forward, hoping that the Greater One Heavenly Palace would rush out — they were destined to not be able to bear it, it was impossible for them to watch the Heavenly Net collapse.
She even had a playful attitude in her heart, guessing the anxious and helpless thoughts of the people of the Heavenly Palace.
But at this moment, she suddenly noticed something approaching quickly from the corner of her eye. Looking down, she found that it was a Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
"It's back …"
When the general attack was launched, the female monster surnamed Qin led two other female monsters to break through the Qiaozhen Pass. It was almost time for them to come back.
But what was the meaning of this charging speed?
Phoenix felt puzzled and annoyed. Just as she was about to berate the female monster on the back of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, her beautiful eyes suddenly trembled. She then looked at Luo Zheng with an inconceivable expression.
That face …
Phoenix was very familiar with it.
The first time, she failed to kill him.
The second time, he displayed his might in the Chaotic Origin Great World. It was also because of this that Phoenix's Hive army was almost wiped out.
The third time, she was defeated even more miserably in the Nirvana World. She even had to give up the entire Fourteenth Heaven …
This time, he even snatched the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit?
Luo Zheng's harmless face suddenly made Phoenix feel terrified. That calm appearance of his was like a nightmare. Phoenix suddenly felt a deep sense of powerlessness in her heart. She seemed to have been eaten by this little brat who was not worth mentioning and could be pinched to death with a stretch of her hand!
"Lady Phoenix!"
"Lady Phoenix, why was the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit snatched by a human?"
"That brat is riding the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit up!"
Many female monsters riding on the back of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit had also discovered the scene below.
"Capture him. All the banshees will go." The Phoenix Maiden gritted her teeth and squeezed out three words from her thin lips.
If it were anyone else, she would have just killed them.
But this Luo Zheng was extremely important. She had to capture him alive …
"Sou sou sou sou sou sou …"
The 20 female monsters rode on the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit and sank down.
In the distant Qiu Yin River, Gan Gaohan and the others were paying close attention to the front.
Seeing those female monsters descending, Qiu Yin River could no longer hold back, "This is too dangerous. What is Luo Zheng trying to do!"
"Should we act?" He Chi also asked.
Gan Gaohan stretched out his hand to stop them.

Chapter 3297
Hundreds of Golden Crows were scattered in different directions.
When Luo Zheng was only a few hundred meters away from the lowest Golden Crow corpse spirit, he asked, "Senior Di Jun, is it done?"
"Yes," Di Jun replied.
A green light flashed in his slender eyes.
"Buzz …"
The eyes of the seven or eight Golden Crow Corpse Spirits on the lowest level also flashed with a hint of green. Then, Luo Zheng felt a connection in his mind. He could feel the existence of the seven or eight Golden Crow Corpse Spirits!
"It's done!" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Luo Zheng did not stop and continued to fly upward. There were more than ten Golden Crow corpse spirits on the next floor. Because of their huge size, they were relatively far apart from each other.
Before Luo Zheng could make a request to Emperor Jun, a green light flashed across the eyes of the Golden Crows. Their consciousness, which was as white as paper, was connected to Luo Zheng's mind again.
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …
At this moment, a whistling sound came from above.
Dozens of Banshees, riding on Golden Crow Corpse Spirits, quickly descended. Clearly, they were heading straight for Luo Zheng.
With Luo Zheng's current strength, he could kill one or two Golden Crow corpse spirits alone. However, there was no chance for Luo Zheng to win against more than twenty Golden Crow corpse spirits.
"Descend."
Di Jun's voice came into Luo Zheng's mind.
Even if Di Jun did not remind him, Luo Zheng would not continue to rush upward like a reckless man.
However, when Luo Zheng retreated, the Golden Crows controlled by Di Jun were still floating in the air. They maintained their original posture and kept spewing blue flames forward.
The Banshees of the Hives had only controlled their mounts and didn't notice the abnormalities of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits. They were almost defenseless against the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits and rushed down from their sides.
"Catch him!"
"Don't let him escape back to the Skynet!"
"Want to escape? It's not that easy! "
These Golden Crow corpse spirits were the elites of the Divine Nest. In a one-on-one fight, they were stronger than the Divine Generals.
They didn't need so many people to hunt down a single Luo Zheng. In their hearts, they thought that it was a sure thing …
Phoenix sat on the back of the Golden Crow corpse spirit, looking down.
These Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were under Phoenix's control. Just now, she suddenly felt that she had lost contact with a portion of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits below!
Phoenix had absolute control over these Golden Crow Corpse Spirits. Unless Di Jun came in person, no one could take away this power.
But things just happened like that …
Although the uncontrollable Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were still spitting out blue flames, a bad premonition arose in Phoenix's heart.
"Impossible! Oh no, all of you … come back! "Phoenix's voice was instantly transmitted into the minds of all the demonesses.
The Hive Banshees were all created by the Phoenix Lady, so they were 100% obedient to the Phoenix Lady's orders. Upon receiving the Phoenix Lady's orders, each Hive Banshee ordered their Golden Crow corpse spirit to hover in the air.
These banshees were hovering at the same height as Luo Zheng's banshees.
"Now is the time …"
At the same time, Luo Zheng's lips curled up slightly.
Those Golden Crow Corpse Spirits that were spitting out blue flames turned around at the same time. Those blue flames were like sharp swords, crisscrossing and waving in the air.
Hua hua hua hua hua hua hua …
The Golden Crow Corpse Spirits themselves weren't afraid of these flames, but the fleshy bodies of the Divine Nest Demonesses were unable to withstand them. The moment they came in contact with the flames, their Spirits of Chaotic Origin became fatigued. Soon after, they turned into piles of ashes …
A small portion of the Divine Nest Demonesses reacted faster. Seeing the flames waving towards them, they quickly escaped from the backs of the Golden Crows.
But the blue flames spat out by more than 20 Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were enough to fill up a large space. Those Divine Nest Demonesses with fast reactions had nowhere to escape. They were still burned to ashes by the flames.
"Well done!"
50 kilometers away, Gan Gaohan couldn't help but shout out from the hilt of the Heavenly Chasm Sword.
"Too beautiful!"
"Not only did he exterminate all the Divine Nest Demonesses, he even snatched more than 20 Golden Crow Corpse Spirits!"
"This move is simply divine …"
Ning Xu Yuan, Qiu Yinhe, and He Chi were shocked, but they were also praising him.
"Perhaps … he can stir up those fellows hiding in the dark!" Gan Gaohan said.
Previously, this was just an unrealistic hope. But now, Gan Gaohan felt that this hope had a huge possibility!
Within the Great Sky Array.
Xu Shou watched this scene expressionlessly. "Why is Phoenix so useless?"
Phoenix Maiden was one of the top figures in the Golden Crow Clan, and she had so many powerful Banshees from the Hive. Yet, she was being toyed around by Luo Zheng?
A scheming person like Xu Shou would naturally choose to rely on the strong.
But the scene in front of him made Xu Shou doubt the strength of the Golden Crow Clan …
"Luo Zheng is too cunning. Perhaps he used some special method …" Lady Xuan said from the side.
When Luo Zheng was captured and brought to Great Sky Mountain, Lady Xuan was in charge of interrogating him.
She had a deep impression of Luo Zheng's methods!
A group of people who were far stronger than Luo Zheng couldn't do anything to him. It was simply too strange!
Things had changed with the passage of time. Luo Zheng's strength had grown rapidly. He had grown to the point where he could even fight against Phoenix?
"If I let you live, I swear I'm not human!"
Phoenix was furious at this moment.
She had forgotten her duty. She controlled all the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits to turn around and spit out blue flames at Luo Zheng.
With so many blue flames gathered together, even the most powerful expert could only dodge …
"Luo Zheng, run!"
"You've already stolen twenty Golden Crow Corpse Spirits. That's enough …"
"It's still too early for you to fight Phoenix!"
"If you control the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits, you should be able to dodge them easily!"
More people focused their attention on Luo Zheng.
Even those from Great Sky Mountain, Great Brightness Mountain, and Great Xiu Mountain were paying close attention. They realized that this guy could decide the direction of the entire war.
The Skynet was already on the verge of collapse. Now that the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits had stopped burning, the Skynet was constantly repairing itself.
Faced with the blue flames descending from the sky, Luo Zheng suddenly had a bold idea. "What will you do if I wipe out all the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits?"
Not only did he not control the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits to escape, he actually charged towards the blue flames with a single thought!
In a moment, he and the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits had disappeared into the blue flames …
Everyone was stunned.
Apart from a few people who understood the situation, the majority had the same thought. Luo Zheng's action of charging into the blue flames was suicide!
"Why is this hero doing this?"
"Is he courting death?"
"He has no reason to do this!"

Chapter 3298
The two elders, Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan, were originally full of expectations for Luo Zheng.
This kind of unrealistic expectation was the key to breaking the current situation.
However, things suddenly developed in a direction that they could not accept. Luo Zheng rushed into the torrential flames to commit suicide?
Gan Gaohan's face twitched, and he was speechless for a moment.
Ning Xuyuan looked as if he had seen a ghost …
Elder Gan and Elder Ning did not know much about Luo Zheng. The first time they met Luo Zheng was in the Lineal Dragon Palace. They only felt that this young man was extremely arrogant, daring to refuse the Eastern Emperor's marriage.
In contrast, Qiu Yinhe and He Chi knew much more about Luo Zheng.
Qiu Yinhe knew that Luo Zheng was not afraid of Strange Flames, but even he did not dare to touch the flames of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit. Could Luo Zheng really be unharmed?
However, Luo Zheng was not a brainless person. Perhaps he really had a hundred percent chance of success by rushing in like this?
"Hua …"
Luo Zheng and the Golden Crow corpse spirit beneath him bathed in the blue flames. Following the blue flames, the distance between them and the Golden Crow corpse spirit continued to shrink.
"Senior Di Jun! Is it okay? "
Luo Zheng transmitted a trace of consciousness in his mind.
Di Jun's shadow nodded, and the green light in his eyes flashed slightly.
Seizing control of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was as simple as eating and drinking for Di Jun.
In Luo Zheng's mind, the connection of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit kept appearing!
As for Phoenix, her face was as ugly as it could be. The rest of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit were under her control, but at this moment, the connection between them was rapidly disappearing from her mind!
"This kid is not dead yet!"
Phoenix looked down with a face full of grief and indignation.
After a while, except for the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit under her, all the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit were under Luo Zheng's control …
"Hua …"
Under Luo Zheng's command, the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit stopped spitting out blue flames, and Luo Zheng's pure golden body appeared in front of everyone's eyes again.
Below, Su Kui looked up at the scene in the sky. His mouth was wide open, and his face was filled with disbelief!
Of course, Su Kui did not know about the game between the Jinwu and Greater One Sky Palace. He only thought that these Golden Crow corpse spirits were all the strength of the Jinwu, and that such a powerful force was seized by Luo Zheng alone...
He fought against the entire Golden Crow Clan alone …
This was even more illusory than a dream!
"We meet again." Luo Zheng's lips curled up.
Phoenix's heart was filled with grief and indignation. She just wanted to tear Luo Zheng apart and swallow him whole. Her shoulders were trembling slightly.
"Hiss hiss hiss …"
Wisps of flame that were as thin as gossamer were ignited on the surface of her body.
With a gentle shake of her right hand, all of the gossamer flames gathered along her arm in waves. These flames were like thin threads that began to weave together, finally transforming into a flaming spear.
"You are indeed an opponent worthy of my respect," Phoenix said as she grabbed the flaming spear. "I can give you a chance to challenge me and even kill me. How about it?"
Phoenix's voice carried a trace of magic, tempting Luo Zheng to agree to this duel.
Although Luo Zheng's cultivation was at a disadvantage, he controlled hundreds of Golden Crow corpse spirits!
In terms of fighting strength, a Golden Crow corpse spirit was actually not much weaker than Phoenix. Luo Zheng had a great advantage...
Phoenix had no choice but to do so.
It was Di Jun's personal order to use the Golden Crow corpse spirits to break the Heavenly Net.
Although the two most troublesome big shots of Greater One Sky Palace, Eastern Emperor Taiyi and Elder Ying, were controlled on the other side, Greater One Sky Palace was still a super force. Even without these two people, it was still not easy to provoke!
If they broke the Heavenly Net first, they would definitely be besieged by the Seven Mountains. They only needed to wait for the masters and experts of the Seven Mountains to rush out of the Heavenly Net, and then the Jinwu would naturally be at ease.
But Luo Zheng appeared in the middle of it, and this brat even used an unimaginable method to abduct all of the Golden Crow corpse spirits!
Since things had developed to this point, Phoenix could only calm Luo Zheng down first.
"Challenge you and kill you?" Luo Zheng sat on the back of the Golden Crow and asked.
The other Golden Crows turned around and faced Phoenix. As long as Luo Zheng willed it, they would besiege Phoenix.
"Yes," Phoenix said in a hazy voice. "I've met you three times, and each time your strength has improved. Now it's time to face me. What do you think?"
Luo Zheng revealed an interested expression and said, "I'm interested."
Phoenix's eyes flashed. As long as she could take down Luo Zheng with her own strength, then the plan could proceed as planned.
Just when Phoenix thought she had grasped a glimmer of opportunity, Luo Zheng said again, "As if!"
"Whoosh …"
The Golden Crow corpse spirit he sat on tilted back and flew straight towards the Heavenly Net.
The other Golden Crow corpse spirits suddenly opened their mouths and spat out blue flames at Phoenix, then spread their wings and followed Luo Zheng.
Gan Gaohan saw this scene and his heart bloomed with joy.
"Quick! Turn off the restrictions of the Heavenly Net and let those Golden Crow corpse spirits in! "Gan Gaohan ordered.
The huge Heavenly Net only allowed the people of Greater One Heavenly Palace to enter and exit. Even if the Golden Crow corpse spirits were controlled by Luo Zheng, they could not enter the Heavenly Net.
But under the intervention of Greater One Heavenly Palace, the Heavenly Net quickly adjusted.
"Want to escape?
Not so easy! "
"Whoosh!"
Phoenix controlled the Golden Crow corpse spirit to avoid the blue flames and chased after Luo Zheng.
The pair of flame wings on her back suddenly flapped, and together with the Golden Crow corpse spirit, her speed was more than twice as fast as Luo Zheng!
No matter what, as long as she caught Luo Zheng, she could intercept these Golden Crow corpse spirits.
This was the only thought in her mind!
Seeing that Luo Zheng was getting closer and closer, Phoenix jumped from the back of the Golden Crow corpse spirit, and the tip of the flame spear in her hand spun at high speed, making an ear-piercing screech.
The power contained in this spear was extremely terrifying, and the space at the tip of the spear formed a black dot under the pressure of the power.
"This spear will kill you!"
Phoenix had poured all her grief and indignation into this spear, and as for the order to capture Luo Zheng alive, she had completely forgotten it.
But when Phoenix suddenly discovered that Luo Zheng was staring back at her, his eyes were emitting a look of looking at an idiot.
Perhaps she was afraid of being teased by Luo Zheng, but when she met his gaze, Phoenix felt a trace of panic in her heart …
Why is he looking at me like this?
What did I miss?
Whatever!
Phoenix put away all the distracting thoughts in her mind and was about to throw the flame spear in her hand.
But at this moment, Phoenix's mount, the last Golden Crow corpse spirit that Luo Zheng had not stolen, flashed a green light in its eyes.
The Golden Crow Corpse Spirit flipped its body over, and its massive wings slammed into the Phoenix Maiden's body.
"Bang!"

Chapter 3299
If these Golden Crow Zombie Spirits had a master, Di Jun would not be able to steal them.
When Luo Zheng tried to steal the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits, he had to chase the Hive Demonesses down or burn them to death with blue flames.
Phoenix sat firmly on the back of the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit, so Luo Zheng could not steal that one.
However, at the last moment, Phoenix left the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit. In addition, she was not far away, which gave Luo Zheng a chance to steal it!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
When Phoenix was flapped down by a wing, Luo Zheng took all the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits and entered the Heavenly Net.
At this point, all the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits led by Phoenix were taken away by Luo Zheng …
The Golden Crow Zombie Spirit's wing was not weak. After falling for a distance, Phoenix barely managed to stabilize herself in the air.
By the time she took a closer look, Luo Zheng's Golden Crow Corpse Spirit had already fled behind the Heavenly Net!
After entering the Heavenly Net, Luo Zheng did not leave quickly. Instead, he smiled at Phoenix across the Heavenly Net and said, "To be honest, I'm interested in fighting with you."
Although Luo Zheng had not climbed to a higher level, he was not far from Phoenix and Qiu Yinhe in terms of Yang Soul, physical body, and Nirvana Realm Token …
"Now," Phoenix said seriously.
Her eyes were full of hatred, as if she wanted to eat his flesh.
"Not now," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng was not as high as Qiu Yinhe and Gan Gaohan, so he could see more information.
However, if one thought with one's toes, one would know that the Golden Crow Clan had more than just these Golden Crow Zombie Spirits.
For example, Phoenix alone could suppress the Seven Mountains within the Heavenly Net. The masters of the Seven Mountains, Tian Jiedu, and other experts must be afraid of something. However, Luo Zheng did not have the chance to understand the situation of this level of battle.
But Luo Zheng, who controlled over a hundred Golden Crows, inadvertently got involved …
Phoenix stared fixedly at Luo Zheng, her pupils growing wider and wider. Strands of blue lines appeared on the golden red wings behind her back. The originally loose and curling flame feathers unexpectedly turned into the shape of a blue dagger. At the same time, her aura skyrocketed.
"Phew …"
That aura fluctuation spread out with Phoenix as the cause.
In the span of a single breath, it had already spread to a radius of a thousand miles.
On both sides of the Heavenly Net, the Xiaozhen Pass, the Nudou Pass, the Tianxun Pass, the Zou Lin Pass, and the Ba Zhi Pass … The Divine Generals of these twelve passes, Tai Yiwei, and the Nirvana Realm experts, were fighting against the Golden Crows.
Each stage was only responsible for a certain area in front of them.
Ru Chou, Evil Deities, and the others were assigned to the twelfth stage. They led many Tai Yiwei to fight against the Golden Crows.
"Phew …"
When that powerful aura spread out like a storm, the Golden Crows and humans who were fighting against each other stiffened and looked in the same direction.
Evil Deities had been guarding Tianxun Pass for the past few days.
Without Luo Zheng by his side, Evil Deities was much more relaxed, and his temperament was no longer restrained.
When he first arrived at Tianxun Pass, he angered a few Divine Generals. At one point, both sides were about to fight. Evil Deities thought of Luo Zheng behind him and forcibly restrained himself.
After that, Evil Deities showed his strength and conquered the Divine Generals of Tianxun Pass. In a short period of time, Evil Deities even led the others to repel several waves of Golden Crows' attacks.
After sensing that aura, Evil Deities also showed a hint of surprise on his face. "There's such a powerful existence among these damn birds?"
He was even a little eager to leave the battlefront of Tianxun Pass. He wanted to see what kind of existence could release such an aura.
But at this moment, a long bugle horn sounded from within Tianxun Pass!
That was the bugle horn for retreat.
Evil Deities frowned. He hadn't killed enough today. Why were they retreating so quickly?
Evil Deities wanted more, but to the Nirvana Realm experts who were rushing out as cannon fodder, this bugle horn was like the sound of nature. It was a life-saving straw!
"Retreat! We'll be safe if we retreat back into the Skynet! "
Su Kuan floated in the air with three red longswords floating beside him.
As a disciple of the Heart Sword Sect, he was recruited into Tianxun Pass. His position was on par with the Tai Yiwei.
In comparison, the disciples of the Dao Sword Palace led by Yin Yuehuan, such as Yue Baicheng and Qiu Yi, were in a more tragic situation. Although their talents weren't bad, they had only joined Dragon City for a short time.
With Yue Baicheng and the others' talents, it would be difficult for them to be promoted to Tai Yiwei without a few decades or a century, and it would be even more difficult for them to join the Heart Sword Sect.
Based on their strength, they would definitely be injured in the battle with the Golden Crow.
Fortunately, Su Kuan had borrowed the Triple Crimson Cloud Sword from the clan before they set out, and Su Kuan and Yin Yuehuan were able to defend the disciples of the Dao Sword Palace to the death after a fierce battle. Many of them had been injured during the successive days of battle, but only a few had perished, and it could already be considered as a miracle amongst miracles …
"Let's go!"
"We can finally go back!"
"God bless us!"
All the humans quickly retreated behind the Skynet.
The one who gave this order was Gan Gaohan himself.
After Phoenix's transformation, the battle had reached the second stage. The mission of the 12th Pass had ended.
At least the next battle wasn't something the Tai Yiwei in the 12th Pass could participate in.
The Skynet wouldn't block the aura released by Phoenix. Luo Zheng was right in front of Phoenix, so he naturally took the full impact of the aura.
If not for the fact that his Yang Soul had reached the Indigo Soul Realm, he would have been severely injured.
"What is this? She's become much stronger!" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's the Dream Blood Transformation Technique," Di Jun replied. "She's going all out."
"Going all out … Can she tear open the Skynet?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I don't think so," Di Jun replied after taking a look at the Skynet.
The Dream Blood Transformation Technique was a technique that Di Jun could personally give. It could greatly stimulate one's potential.
In Chaos No. 77, Emperor Jun had bestowed no more than a hundred banshees in each chaos epoch.
However, the Skynet could block the continuous attacks of hundreds of Golden Crow Zombie Spirits. Even if Phoenix's strength increased tenfold, she wouldn't be able to tear open such a formation.
Luo Zheng originally wanted to escape, but after hearing Di Jun's reply, he wasn't in a hurry anymore.
After activating the Dream Blood Transformation Technique, Phoenix didn't rush to attack Luo Zheng. She knew it was futile. She only did it to express her emotions.
She was doing it for the people behind her to see …
"Ghost Spirit, is this your strategy? It's ridiculous … "Phoenix transmitted her voice using her Quintessential Energy.
Her voice floated in the space behind her.
That space was very strange. It belonged to the cognitive region.
This space existed, but it didn't.
Phoenix believed that this space existed, so she floated behind Phoenix.

Chapter 3300
Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and even the Mountain Masters had keen insight.
Ordinary concealment methods could not deceive them.
But the method used by the Golden Crow Clan was almost impossible to predict.
Therefore, no matter what methods Tai Yi Heavenly Palace used, they could not see through the layout of the Golden Crow Clan. This was also the fundamental reason why Gan Gaohan did not dare to act rashly.
A disdainful voice came from the space. It was "Gui Ling".
"Humph, do you have the face to blame me? Hundreds of Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were given to your Divine Nest, but they were taken away before you could even tear open the Skynet, haha … "Gui Ling mocked.
As a superpower, Jinwu also had several major branches.
In the Divine Nest and several major branches, there was also Di Jun's personal guard. Gui Ling was a member of the personal guard, and his status and strength were not below Phoenix's.
Over a hundred Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were a great killing weapon to any large tribe. The Golden Crow Tribe could not bear such a loss, and the entire plan was proposed by Gui Ling, so he naturally had to blame the Phoenix Maiden.
"Yes, Phoenix, your Divine Nest is too useless. Hundreds of Golden Crow Corpse Spirits are enough to flatten an ordinary major force," another voice sounded.
Phoenix's lips moved slightly, and she sneered, "If it were you, what would you do? You saw how Luo Zheng took away the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits. Who could stop him? "
"I would kill him before he got close," Gui Ling said.
"I don't agree with that. Brother Gui Ling, this is a judgment made after the fact. That boy's methods are unpredictable. Can you imagine that he could take away the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits in an instant?" another voice sounded.
There were many powerful beings gathered in this space.
"That's right, this matter is not Phoenix's fault. It's that human boy's fault. I'm still confused. How could he take away the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits?" someone said in confusion.
In their view, unless Di Jun did it himself, it was impossible for such a strange thing to happen …
Phoenix narrowed her eyes slightly. She looked at Luo Zheng in the distance and said, "It's useless to argue about this. The Golden Crow Zombie Spirit has been lost, and the Skynet can't be broken in a short time. The original plan has changed. What do you plan to do?"
The Ghost Spirit floated in the space. He looked like a human, but he had a pair of black wings on his back. These black wings seemed to be made of metal, and when he flapped them, they made cracking sounds.
"That old fellow Gan Gaohan is as cunning as a fox, always defending and not attacking. Now that the Golden Crow corpse spirit has been taken away, he will definitely be on the defensive." Gui Ling's expression was somewhat gloomy.
"That's right. The Six Rivets Formation has already been set up. We can't change it now …" Another person said.
Like the Heavenly Net, the Six Rivets Formation that was set up in this space was a powerful formation.
However, the Heaven's Net was for defense while the Six Rivets Array was for offense. The two arrays had different uses.
"Then let's wait a little longer. Maybe Emperor Jun will come," Phoenix said.
In any case, the Golden Crow Clan had the advantage, and it was only a matter of time before they destroyed Greater One Heavenly Palace.
"Indeed, I suggest that we enter a stalemate with them first!"
"Let them live for a few more days!"
"We are not in a hurry …"
Everyone in the space nodded one after another, agreeing with Phoenix's plan.
Although the Golden Crow Clan was willing to enter a stalemate, the people of Greater One Heavenly Palace did not think so.
When Gan Gaohan followed Emperor Donghuang in the past, in addition to possessing excellent strength, his wisdom was also first-class.
Every move of the Golden Crow Clan was predicted by him. It was just that the Heavenly Palace was not strong enough, and his prestige was not enough to command the experts of the other six mountains, so he fell into such a passive situation.
If there were no accidents, the collapse of the Heaven's Net was only a matter of time.
But the accident of Luo Zheng happened, and this accident turned the whole situation around in one fell swoop.
Gan Gaohan was overjoyed, and a sharp glint flashed through his eyes. The sound transmitting talisman in his hand lit up again. "Flip the Heaven's Net again!"
"Flip the Heaven's Net Great Formation?" He Chi's heart jumped when he heard Old Gan's order.
Even Ning Xuyuan's face revealed a look of surprise.
The Heaven's Net Great Formation was best at defense, but this great formation could also turn defense into offense, turning into a great offensive formation!
"Isn't it too hasty? After all, Emperor Donghuang is not here … "Ning Xuyuan said hesitantly.
Gan Gaohan's face was full of determination, "This is not prematurely advancing, there is only one chance. Since the other side was forced to make a mistake by Luo Zheng, if I don't seize this opportunity, wouldn't I be letting that kid down?"
"Flip the Heaven's Net, Grand Gold Formation, Grand Beauty Formation to the south, Quling Pass, Furious Pass to the north, Grand Brightness Formation …"
Except for the Inferior Zhen Pass and Grand Hao Formation, the other great formations and passes all turned in different directions.
The Heaven's Net originally surrounded the Golden Crow Clan on the left and right, but according to Gan Gaohan's orders, the two sections of the Heaven's Net continued to move forward. If the Grand Gold Formation and Grand Brightness Formation at the furthest end met each other, they would form an encirclement, like a huge cylinder, enveloping the Golden Crow Clan in the center.
！
Previously, the experts of the seven mountains were not willing to be the first to take the lead, but now that they cooperated with the other mountains to encircle the Heaven's Net, the operation went very smoothly.
The six mountains and eleven passes all moved with the Heaven's Net Formation!
At first, the Golden Crow Clan did not notice. After all, the experts of the Golden Crow Clan, including Phoenix, were all hiding not far from the Inferior Zhen Pass, and the ones left behind were all ordinary Golden Crows with low intelligence.
Phoenix was even concentrating on deploying troops, luring more Golden Crows from the Qi Bei Region over.
About an hour later, Phoenix suddenly discovered that a large group of Golden Crows had been left behind eight hundred miles behind. Perplexed, Phoenix scanned with her divine sense, and her expression changed slightly. Then, she said, "The Heaven's Net has closed, trapping us inside!"
Just as Phoenix's voice fell, the surface of the Heaven's Net, which was originally translucent, suddenly overflowed with a brilliant red light. Monstrous killing intent spread out along with the red light, as if it could kill everything that dared to come close. The gentle Heaven's Net had already changed its appearance under the flip.
At this time, Gan Gaohan's voice sounded between heaven and earth.
"Shrink!"
The Heaven's Net turned into a huge circle, and actually began to shrink bit by bit.
As the Heaven's Net shrank, the distance between the Seven Mountains and Twelve Passes would also become closer and closer. By relying on the Heaven's Net to trap the Golden Crow Clan, the Seven Mountains would definitely attack together to deal with the Golden Crow Clan trapped in the center. The chances of victory would naturally increase by countless times!
"What a good plan!"
Xu Shou praised from within the Grand Sky Formation.
"And from the beginning to the end, they did not use our Grand Sky Mountain. They really underestimated that old man surnamed Gan!" Lady Xuan said coldly.

Chapter 3301
Although Xu Shou was willing to cooperate with the Golden Crow Race at the critical moment to deal a fatal blow to the Greater One Sky Palace.
But as long as the Heavenly Net was not broken, the Greater One Sky Mountain dared not act rashly.
He even had to cooperate with the other six mountains to deal with the Golden Crow Race together...
Xu Shou was naturally unhappy.
After Luo Zheng took away the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits, he had been staying behind the Heavenly Net with nothing to do.
Although the Heavenly Net was shrinking, the Golden Crow Race had not moved, as if silently brewing a storm.
At this moment, Gan Gaohan's voice sounded in Luo Zheng's ears. "Divine General Luo Zheng, please come to my Greater One Sky Palace."
Luo Zheng remembered this voice, it was Old Gan who had made things difficult for him in the First Dragon Palace.
Luo Zheng did not take that matter to heart, let alone now was a special period.
With a thought, all the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits flapped their wings and flew to one side in an orderly manner.
Not long after, Luo Zheng saw a [Heavenly Chasm Sword] inserted into the ground.
On the [Heavenly Chasm Sword] stood an expert from the Greater One Mountain.
"Luo Zheng greets the seniors of the Greater One Mountain." Luo Zheng cupped his hands to the crowd.
The experts on the [Heavenly Chasm Sword] sized up the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits. Under close observation, the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits exuded a gloomy and powerful aura that made everyone present instinctively vigilant.
The [Heavenly Chasm Sword] extended from the front of the formation to both sides, where the experts of the Greater One Mountain stood.
On the last [Heavenly Chasm Sword], Li Bianxue sat upright, looking at Luo Zheng with a strange gaze.
The disciples of the first and second floor of the [Sword of Grief] were assigned to the twelfth pass, while the disciples of the third floor were assigned to the Seven Mountains Formation.
After all, according to the division of strength, the disciples of the first and second floor were similar to the Divine Generals, while the disciples of the third floor were close to the Heaven Jiedushi level. They were qualified to enter the Seven Mountains Formation.
But even someone as strong as Li Bianxue could only be ranked last.
It was not that Li Bianxue's strength was necessarily weaker than the other experts of the Greater One Mountain, but her qualifications were not enough, and she was destined to be ranked last.
After entering the Greater One Sky Formation, she had been sitting quietly on the [Heavenly Chasm Sword], waiting for orders.
She was not qualified to participate in the decision-making process, so she could only act as soon as the battle started.
When she vaguely heard Gan Gaohan and the others discussing "Luo Zheng", Li Bianxue didn't take it to heart.
That day in the Land of Sword Grief, Li Bianxue had met Luo Zheng for the first time, so she didn't have a deep impression of him. She didn't even remember Luo Zheng's name, so she didn't connect the two together.
Now, seeing Luo Zheng stepping on a group of Golden Crow Corpse Spirits, Li Bianxue's pupils shrank.
This was the number one brat on the Second Floor!
Could it be that Elder Gan and Elder Ning were talking about him?
Disbelief was written all over Li Bianxue's pretty face.
Although it was widely spread in the Land of Sword Grief that this person was extremely talented and had even broken his own advancement speed, to be able to keep pace with him in just a few months? She probably wouldn't believe it even if he killed her.
Therefore, Li Bianxue believed that this person was just a madman.
But a single disciple of the Second Floor had forcefully snatched so many Golden Crow Corpse Spirits …
Seeing the powerful auras of these Golden Crow Corpse Spirits, Li Bianxue couldn't help but believe it.
"Hmph, he was just lucky and obtained some unique method!"
Li Bianxue's wide eyes quickly returned to normal as she disdainfully said in her heart.
She had always been the favored daughter of the Heavenly Palace and didn't even put the Sons of Various Mountains in her eyes, so how could she put Luo Zheng in her eyes?
In terms of strength, she was even confident that she could fight against existences like Qiu Yinhe and He Chi. People like Luo Zheng didn't even have the qualifications to enter the stage.
After Luo Zheng bowed to everyone, his gaze swept over Li Bianxue's face.
When he found that Li Bianxue was in the Supreme First Order, he only felt a little strange, but he quickly understood. The disciples of the Third Floor had the qualifications to enter the Supreme First Order. Then, Luo Zheng stepped on the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits and flew towards Gan Gaohan.
Seeing Luo Zheng ignore her, Li Bianxue couldn't help but frown.
"Old Gan, were you the one who summoned me just now?" Luo Zheng asked.
Gan Gaohan sized up Luo Zheng and the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits under his feet, then said, "This old man once offended Divine General Luo Zheng in the First Dragon Palace. Today, this old man should apologize!"
As he spoke, he clasped his hands in front of Luo Zheng.
As a senior figure of the Heavenly Palace, apologizing to Luo Zheng was a complete loss of face.
"Senior doesn't need to be so polite!" Luo Zheng hurriedly said.
Ning Xuyuan, who was next to him, said, "Divine General Luo Zheng is worthy of this bow. If it weren't for you just now, the consequences would be unimaginable!"
Hearing "Old Ning" say this, Luo Zheng was shocked.
He dared to take away the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits under Phoenix's nose because he naturally believed that he had the backing of the Greater One Heavenly Palace. But listening to Ning Xuyuan's words, his actions just now were very crucial.
"Divine General Luo Zheng, these Golden Crow Corpse Spirits are under your control. In a moment, when the Golden Crow Clan rushes out, I hope you can help our Heavenly Palace," Gan Gaohan said sincerely.
"Old Gan is too polite," Luo Zheng smiled, "Since I responded to Senior He Chi's call, I should do my part for the Heavenly Palace. But in the current situation, I ask Old Gan to explain."
Luo Zheng could only guess that there was a strong support behind Phoenix, but he didn't know the specifics or how the Heavenly Palace planned to deal with it.
Gan Gaohan turned his head, looking at the shrinking Heavenly Net, and said, "If my guess is correct, there should be a large formation behind Phoenix. When the Heavenly Net shrinks to a certain extent, the Golden Crow Clan will inevitably be exposed."
As the other six formations and eleven checkpoints continued to push forward, the circular Heavenly Net continued to squeeze towards the center.
Even someone as strong as Phoenix could only retreat little by little in the face of the Heavenly Net.
However, the void behind her was still empty. So what if it was empty?
"Ga ga ga ga ga … …"
The Golden Crows, which were originally scattered all around, kept shrinking towards the Phoenix Lady. They rushed into the space behind the Phoenix Lady, and when they rushed in, they disappeared in groups.
Eight hundred li … …
Five hundred li … …
Two hundred li … …
Fifty li … …
As the Heavenly Net continued to shrink, the distance between the twelve checkpoints and the seven formations was also shortened.
The mountain masters of the various mountains sat in their own formations, nervously watching the changes in the Heavenly Net.
Even if the Golden Crow Clan was trapped in the Heavenly Net, no one dared to relax.
The Heavenly Net shrank again.
Twenty-five li!
For many experts, this distance was only a step away.
All the Golden Crows in the Heavenly Net had disappeared, only Phoenix was left … …

Chapter 3302
Each of the six arrays was engraved with a fire-shaped seal, and each seal contained a shocking amount of energy.
Gan Gaohan was enlightened when he saw the fire-shaped seals.
"Six Rivets Array!"
"How vicious!"
"Whoever went up just now would have died a horrible death!"
When the Mountain Chieftains of the various mountains saw this scene, they felt a wave of lingering fear.
After all, they had seriously considered Gan Gaohan's request. If they had agreed, they would have been dead by now.
"Buzz …"
After the six-rivet formation appeared, figures began to appear within the six-rivet formation.
There were hundreds of people standing in the Six Rivets Formation. Most of them were Di Jun's personal guards. Although the Hive was the main force in the Golden Crow Tribe, the strength and status of these personal guards were not below that of the Phoenix Girl.
Phoenix spread her wings gently and landed in the center of the Six Rivets Array.
Beside her, Ghost Spirit, who had a pair of black wings, stared at Taiyi One and said in a gloomy voice, "Since this old guy forced us out, there's no need to hide anymore. It's just a Skynet Array. Just tear it apart!"
Ghost Spirit's voice spread through the Six Rivets Array and rang in everyone's ears.
As soon as he finished speaking, the energy in the six fire-shaped seals exploded, and flames of different colors spewed out from the seals!
Sky Fire!
World Annihilation Cleansing Fire!
Spiritual Mountain Hellfire …
…
These six flames were created by Di Jun with the Golden Crow Divine Fire. A fire seed was formed from the six flames and was sealed in the fire-shaped seals for thousands of years. When it was spat out like this, the flames did not look like flames, but six sharp blades. As the Six Rivets Array began to rotate, the six blades began to move.
The blades cut the Skynet crazily!
"Sizzle …"
Under such cutting, the entire Skynet Array began to shake violently.
The Heavenly Generals at the 12 levels below the Skynet Array were all frightened when they saw the Skynet shaking crazily in front of them.
"What kind of array is that?"
"Isn't this power enough to kill everything?"
"The Skynet Array can't withstand it at all …"
The power of hundreds of Golden Crow Corpse Spirits was already terrifying, but the Skynet Array was still strong even after burning for half a day. However, the Skynet Array was about to collapse after a few cuts from the Six Rivets Array!
When Gan Gaohan saw this, a cold smile appeared on his face as he snorted, "The power of the Six Rivets Formation is impressive, but the Heaven's Net Formation is not just for show!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Skynet Array's grid became extremely bright again!
The Heavenly Net, which was on the verge of collapse, came to life in an instant. The dazzling light transformed into giant swords that slashed toward the Six Rivets Formation.
"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh … "
The glowing longsword cut through the six-riveted array, and beautiful sparks flew everywhere.
The Six Rivets Array was extraordinarily powerful, but it wasn't a defensive array. As such, it began to vibrate as well.
Phoenix stood in the middle of the Six Rivets Array. She looked at the Six Rivets Array that was gradually becoming unstable, and she panicked. "The Six Rivets Array seems to be unable to withstand it?"
Gui Ling smiled and said, "Don't worry. Although the Six Rivets Array is not good at defense, it is not that easy to break it. Let's see who can outlast the other!"
"Buzz!"
Another mystical pattern appeared under Gui Ling's feet. Shocking energy surged from the mystical pattern, and the Six Rivets Array quickly stabilized.
The two arrays had fought to this extent. Now, it was time to see which side could last until the end!
The experts in the Seven Mountain Array were all looking at this scene with concern.
Whoever could not withstand it first would be at a disadvantage. It might even decide the outcome of this battle …
"Rub, rub, rub, rub …"
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
The two arrays, one inside and one outside, were attacking each other. The power generated was more than 100,000 Godly Tons.
Under the crazy energy fluctuations, ripples spread out in the space.
The Heavenly Generals, Tai Yiwei, and the Nirvana Realm experts in the 12 levels all widened their eyes and looked up at this shocking scene.
"What a terrifying power!"
"This kind of power can probably grind everything in the world to dust …"
"With our strength, we are not qualified to participate in a battle of this level!"
One incense stick …
Two incense sticks …
Three incense sticks …
After the two arrays attacked each other for an hour, a huge crack suddenly appeared on the surface of the Heavenly Net.
"Crack!"
It was as if an exquisite glass cup had cracked open.
Gui Ling, Phoenix, and the others in the Six Rivets Array were just about to rejoice when they saw this. However, the six mystical patterns on the Six Rivets Array also started to crack like fish scales.
"Peep, peep, peep …"
The Six Rivets Array was also unable to withstand the power and started to collapse.
"They can't take it anymore!"
"I hope the Heavenly Net Array can trap them to death …"
"…"
Most of the low-level cultivators did not like this battle. The chances of them surviving were too small. Even if they won, the rewards they received would not be worth the risk!
Gan Gaohan's old face became serious when he saw this. "Comrades of the Seven Mountains, the victory of our Heavenly Palace depends on this!"
"Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz …"
The arrays in the Seven Mountains all lit up with a monstrous light. Everyone was on high alert.
Luo Zheng's thoughts also changed slightly.
Over a hundred Golden Crow Corpse Spirits started to gather azure light in their mouths. Blue flames were about to burst out at any moment.
"Boom!"
The Heavenly Net was the first to collapse.
The crack that stretched from the ground to the sky was directly pulled open. The entire array started to disappear as the crack extended.
However, the moment the Heavenly Net collapsed, the six arrays in the Six Rivets Array also collapsed into a sparkling and translucent powder …
"Go!"
Luo Zheng was the first to react.
Seeing the Six Rivets Array shatter, the blue flames in the mouths of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits turned into pillars of light and shot toward the center of the Six Rivets Array.
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
"Whoosh!"
The experts around the Supreme One Sect all rose from the ground. The massive Heavenly Chasm Swords were also pulled out.
Gan Gaohan, Qiu Yinhe, and the others wielded the Heavenly Chasm Swords with ease.
However, when Li Bianxue pulled out the massive Heavenly Chasm Swords, a trace of strain appeared on her pretty face. However, she still gritted her teeth and followed the rhythm of her seniors.
Apart from the Supreme One Sect, the Great Light Array, Great Gold Array, and Great Beauty Array all launched their attacks. Both sides had reached the most critical moment. Everyone was giving it their all.
Right at this moment, a purple light soared into the sky from the Great Light Array.
Xu Shou's face flashed with a hint of sinister excitement. The purple light that soared into the sky did not fall into the broken Six Rivets Array. Instead, it split into six huge purple swords and pierced towards the other six arrays!
Since Xu Shou had chosen to rebel, he would naturally strike at the most critical moment.

Chapter 3303
The purple longsword descended from the sky and headed straight for the six arrays. The expressions of the powerhouses in the other six arrays changed drastically.
"What's Taihao Mountain doing!"
"Xu Shou is rebelling!"
"To turn around and attack at this time, he really hid his strength well!"
The seven mountains had been accumulating power to fight against the Golden Crows in the Six Rivets Array. However, the Taihao Formation had used the accumulated power on their comrades.
"Brother Gan, don't be distracted. I'll handle it!"
Ning Xuyuan flew up, and the Heavenly Chasm Sword under his feet shone with golden light.
Whoosh!
The Heavenly Chasm Sword turned around and shot straight up into the sky.
Xu Shou was powerful, and the Taihao Formation was powerful as well. However, Xu Shou's attack was split into six parts. Ning Xuyuan could still take it if he tried his best.
For example, Mount Taijin and Mount Taixiu could also take it, but because of Mount Taihao, they would be distracted.
The moment the Six Rivets Array shattered, a strong spatial fluctuation erupted from within the array. The group of people teleported and disappeared in an instant!
The blue flames spat out by the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit and the thunderbolts released by the other mountains missed!
The Heaven and Earth Cage had already descended from the beginning of the battle in Qinbei State.
However, people like Phoenix, Qiu Yinhe, and Elder Gan were still able to break free from the Heaven and Earth Cage.
However, as the battle continued to advance southward, the Heaven and Earth Cage's range shrank.
The smaller the range, the stronger the Heaven and Earth Cage's power.
When the Heaven and Earth Cage's range shrank to ten thousand miles, even people like Elder Gan couldn't use the Great Space Shift.
However, the Golden Crow Clan still had a divine ability that could resist the Heaven and Earth Cage!
This was Gui Ling's second secret plan!
Hum!
Gui Ling and the other eight figures appeared in the Taixiu Formation.
The moment Gui Ling appeared, many powerhouses in the Taixiu Formation were stunned.
When they saw all the Golden Crows disappear, they were secretly on guard. However, they never thought that the Jinwu people would be so bold as to teleport directly into the formation.
Gui Ling glanced at the Mount Taixiu Master, who was close by, and spat out two words. "Break the formation!"
Then, the pitch-black wings flapped and swept towards the Mountain Lord of Mount Taixiu.
The Mountain Lord of Mount Taixiu squinted his eyes and swung his blood-red longsword at Gui Ling's head. The two cultivators were locked in a fierce battle.
It was also Gui Ling's idea to move the Golden Crows into the various formations in batches.
Although the Heavenly Net Formation had been torn apart, the seven formations were still guarding the seven formations.
Ru Tai Yi was the "Thirteen Spirit Sword Formation of the Heavenly Moat". The power of the thirteen Heavenly Moat Swords was not to be underestimated.
The Supreme Beauty Array was the "Bloody Storm Array" …
Another example would be the Supreme Gold Formation …
Through Greater Teleportation, Gui Ling, Phoenix, and more than a hundred people could indeed teleport away. After all, Skynet had been broken.
However, the Golden Crow Clan's goal was not only to break the Heavenly Net, but also to take down this batch of Mountain Chieftains.
Breaking the Seven Mountains and Seven Formations was a must. Of course, the Great Hao Formation was not part of this.
While Gui Ling and the Mountain Lord of Mount Taixiu were locked in a fierce battle, the others attacked one after another and tore the entire Supreme Beauty Array into pieces.
On the Taiyi Sect's side, Luo Zheng saw the Jinwu cultivators disappear in an instant when he commanded the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
The next moment, a pair of azure blue wings suddenly appeared in front of Luo Zheng. At the end of the wings was Phoenix.
Phoenix was the executor of the Jinwu. Gui Ling was the real think tank of the Jinwu. When Gui Ling proposed a new plan, Phoenix agreed without hesitation.
She hated Luo Zheng to the core and could not tolerate Luo Zheng living for another breath.
Of course, there were other Jinwu cultivators who teleported along with Phoenix. However, they were dealing with Gan Gaohan, Qiu Yinhe, and other powerful cultivators.
"You don't have a choice now," Phoenix said with a sinister smile. Her snow-white and delicate face had a unique charm even when it was sinister.
"Whoosh …"
As soon as Phoenix finished speaking, her two wings had already enveloped Luo Zheng.
The pair of wings was like a pair of large hands that "hugged" Luo Zheng.
At the same time, the flaming spear in Phoenix's hand stabbed directly at Luo Zheng!
No matter how crafty Luo Zheng was, he had no chance of winning in the face of absolute power.
Under the restraint of the Heaven and Earth Cage, this fellow could not possibly teleport away like last time …
The fellow who had opposed her time and time again was finally going to die in her hands. Phoenix actually heaved a sigh of relief in her heart, as if she had finally killed a strong opponent.
With a flap of Phoenix's wings, Luo Zheng's body leaned forward. Just as the flaming spear was about to enter his body, Luo Zheng took in a deep breath. With a roll, he attempted to dodge the spear.
But Phoenix's reaction was much faster than Luo Zheng's reaction. No matter how Luo Zheng rolled left and right, that small and lethal flaming spear in her hand would always follow him like a shadow. It was as if it was not obstructed at all.
"Xiu —"
Accompanied by the whistling sound of the flaming spear, the tip of the spear tapped on Luo Zheng's chest.
"Feng!"
In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng had become a flaming man.
Luo Zheng had remained unscathed in the flames several times. Phoenix did not expect this flame to incinerate Luo Zheng.
However, this spear contained the power of 15,000 Godly Catties!
Phoenix had personally witnessed Luo Zheng breaking through to the Chaotic Origin Realm. He had only left the Chaotic Origin Great World for a few months and was still at the Early Stage Chaotic Origin Realm!
Let alone 15,000 Divine Jun, just 6,000 to 7,000 Divine Jun was enough to touch the limit of his Chaotic Origin Spirit, causing his fleshy body to crumble into pieces.
But some things would always exceed one's expectations.
"Ding!"
When Phoenix's spear struck Luo Zheng's body, it merely emitted a crisp sound.
The Chaotic Origin Spirits within his body had withstood this spear strike. The Chaotic Origin Spirits began weakening rapidly. But just as they were about to fall into exhaustion, that True Dao Intent rapidly stirred once again. It gathered within every Chaotic Origin Spirit, rapidly restoring the Chaotic Origin Spirits to their original state!
"Mn?"
Phoenix stared at Luo Zheng dumbfoundedly. And Luo Zheng even had the time to smile at Phoenix.
"Die!"
Phoenix did not care about anything else as she unleashed all the energy in her body. The energy gathered on the flaming spear had reached a terrifying 25,000 Divine Jun. This was already close to her limit.
She could not understand how Luo Zheng managed to block her first spear strike. She did not want to figure it out either. Instead, she directly unleashed a strength of 20,000 Divine Jun!
"Sou —"
The flaming spear was propelled by a powerful force. It let out a sharp whistle as it flew towards Luo Zheng's head.
But facing this spear, Luo Zheng still had a faint smile on his face.
Could it be that he could still withstand this spear strike of hers?

Chapter 3304
Those Golden Crow Zombie Spirits were completely under Luo Zheng's command.
When Luo Zheng was trapped by Phoenix, all the scattered Golden Crow Zombie Spirits had already surrounded him and Phoenix.
However, Phoenix's movements were indeed very fast. Before the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits could spit out blue flames, Phoenix had already stabbed Luo Zheng with her spear.
When Phoenix realized that her spear had no effect, the blue flames from the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits had already swept over her.
Even though Phoenix was also good at controlling fire, she couldn't bathe in flames like Luo Zheng.
She couldn't stab her spear down no matter what …
Phoenix's extremely slender body fluttered backward like a piece of weightless paper. She passed through the gaps between the blue flames, and Luo Zheng was baptized by the blue flames.
Phoenix originally planned to increase the distance between them and then find another opportunity to take down Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng obviously didn't plan to let Phoenix leave so easily!
Just as she passed through the blue flames, three Golden Crow Zombie Spirits had already surrounded her. The three Golden Crow Zombie Spirits spread out their wings like sharp blades.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The power of the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits' casual slashes also reached 20,000 Shen Jun. Phoenix couldn't resist them, and her body was still fluttering along with her wings.
Just as she dodged the three Golden Crow Zombie Spirits, more than ten Golden Crow Zombie Spirits rushed toward her!
"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh … "
In addition to these Golden Crow Corpse Spirits that intended to engage in close combat, there were even more Golden Crow Corpse Spirits that spat out streams of blue flames in her path!
Just as Phoenix flipped over the back of a Golden Crow Zombie Spirit, several more Golden Crow Zombie Spirits came at her head to grab her.
Over a hundred Golden Crow Corpse Spirits took turns to fight the Phoenix Woman, completely entangling her!
"Get lost!
Phoenix suddenly stretched out her hands. A pair of delicate hands erupted with power that didn't match her size. She grabbed two Golden Crow Zombie Spirits and swung them back and forth.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
As the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits circled around, they were like a huge windmill, sweeping away the other Golden Crow Zombie Spirits.
But during this cleansing process, another figure stealthily approached.
That person was Luo Zheng!
He turned into a sharp arrow and pierced down diagonally from above, aiming his sword at Phoenix's back.
"Cha!"
Under the protection of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, Chaotic Origin's Sword, Luo Zheng's sword didn't injure Phoenix. But Phoenix's face revealed a look of shock.......................
Her Spirit of Chaotic Origin would likely become fatigued after a few more sword strikes …
.... this brat's's.
.......... a. Luo Zheng.
"Sou!"
Phoenix flapped her wings in an attempt to keep Luo Zheng behind. But Luo Zheng fled even faster than a rabbit after that strike. In the blink of an eye, he disappeared behind the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits. Closely following that, more Golden Crow Zombie Spirits surrounded him …
After Luo Zheng controlled these Golden Crow Zombie Spirits, he had been thinking of how to make use of them.
The Golden Crow Zombie Spirits were impervious to water, fire, and weapons. Their blue flames were even more terrifying. Their weakness was that they were too big, and their speed was too slow. Against a powerful existence like Phoenix, they could only rely on numbers!
But how to lure an expert like Phoenix into the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits was another problem.
Yet Phoenix actually used Great Teleportation to jump in. This was exactly what Luo Zheng wanted.
Luo Zheng was afraid that Phoenix would use Great Teleportation to escape. But looking at the current situation, she should not be able to use Great Teleportation alone …
"Peng!"
Following a muffled explosion, another Golden Crow Zombie Spirit was smashed away by Phoenix. But more Golden Crow Zombie Spirits surrounded her.
These Golden Crow Zombie Spirits were like a moving great array, trapping Phoenix layer by layer.
After Phoenix passed through two Golden Crow Zombie Spirits, Luo Zheng once again descended like a ghost.
"Shua!"
Yet another sword slashed down from Phoenix's back. If not for the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, this sword would have sliced off Phoenix's wings.
When Phoenix turned around to grab Luo Zheng, what awaited her were those Golden Crow Zombie Spirits that could not be torn apart and could not be caught …
At the same time when Luo Zheng was fighting with Phoenix, the battle between the Golden Crow Clan and the Great Yi Heaven Palace was also in full swing.
Gui Ling's plan was indeed good. The experts of the seven mountains did not expect that the Golden Crow Clan would take the initiative to teleport into the great arrays of their respective mountains.
In the blink of an eye, the Great Brightness Array, Great Gold Array, and Great Elegance Array were destroyed by the Golden Crow Clan.
But the experts of the seven mountains were not weak.
Even if they lost the support of the arrays, they could still fight back.
"Weng …"
The Mountain Master of the Great Brightness Mountain shook his sword, causing a blood light to shine.
An enormous blood world spread out. Facing such a tough battle, the Mountain Master of the Great Brightness Mountain directly descended into this world!
Luo Zheng's Green Jade Civilization's Weapon of Civilization and Evil Deities' Heaven Zhi Civilization's Weapon of Civilization were both limited to the 13th and 11th Layer Heavens. The power of the Weapon of Civilization was terrifying, but due to the pressure from the Paramita Realm, Luo Zheng and Evil Deities could not unleash its full power.
The Weapon of Civilization of the Great Brightness Mountain Master came from the 30th Layer Heavens, the Paramita Token of the Desire Realm. The power it unleashed was not something the Color Realm could compare with.
"Blood Descend!"
That blood light spread out, enveloping an area of half a million kilometers!
Within half a million kilometers was a blood world!
Everyone's eyes were filled with red …
"It's the Mountain Master of the Great Brightness Mountain's Blood World!"
"The rules of this area have been changed by him!"
"It's said that this blood world can suppress the power of all other bloodlines and use it to strengthen one's own bloodline!"
"Whoosh!"
The Mountain Master of the Great Brightness Mountain wielded his sword and turned into a blood light, piercing through a Jinwu cultivator.
"Do you think you're the only one who can descend into a world?"
Ghost Spirit let out a sinister laugh from afar. He spread his black wings, and black feathers floated into the air.
These black feathers were like blooming magic on a piece of white paper, spreading rapidly …
Soon, another world covered the blood-red world!
Black inky blobs floated around the entire world. These blobs of ink were like malicious spirits, flying toward living beings in all directions.
"Whoosh —"
A Tai Yiwei cultivator could not dodge in time and was invaded by the blob of ink. His entire body instantly turned black.
He looked at his hands and feet, fear written all over his face.
However, this fear only lasted for a short while.
Black spikes protruded from his back. His eye sockets sunk in, and his body expanded rapidly. His entire body twisted and turned into an indescribable monster.
"Come out, Illusory Court Monsters, hahaha!" Ghost Spirit laughed loudly.
The Weapon of Civilization he carried was a summoning type. Once it was activated, everything in the world would become a sacrifice.
The more sacrifices, the stronger the Illusory Court Monsters!