Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(rem)
Vol.3

Chapter 3745
In the 77th chaos era, Heavenly Lord Laojun, Heavenly Lord Yuanshi, and other human heroes had already made a judgment.
To fight against the End, it would take about nine million godly jun of strength.
That was a conclusion under limited conditions.
The result proved that the original number was so naive.
In the following chaos eras, many dominators wanted to complete the Path of the End, and the numbers they obtained varied.
Among them, the Tianzhi Civilization made an accurate calculation and obtained a number far greater than the human race, 160 million godly jun of strength … but this result was still not comprehensive.
According to the information provided by Elder Xue, it would take about ten million godly jun of strength to fight against the End.
After all, restarting a chaos into a new reincarnation cycle was to provide energy for the Four Pillars, and the restarting process would not consume too much energy.
However, the chaos world was different from all other subworlds.
The Snake Spirit Gate had modified this world, and it would take an astronomical number to complete the Path of the End. According to Elder Xue, there was an incomprehensibly powerful existence behind the Snake Spirit King, so the power needed to complete the Path of the End was about infinite … so halfway through Elder Xue's dream, Taishang Laojun already understood that the only way to stabilize the chaos world was to get rid of the Snake Spirit King.
This was an answer that bordered on despair.
Even the Human Spirit King, Monkey Spirit King, and Bird Spirit King had lost to the Snake Spirit King. Let the humans or other races of the subworld fight against the Snake Spirit King?
Those dominators who wanted to complete the Path of the End did not know how powerful the opponent they were facing was. If they knew, they would not have any thoughts of fighting back! However, after Taishang Laojun finished the dream, he knew that there was a chance.
Elder Xue had a way to carry the Origin God Blood.
After the disaster in the main realm, all living beings were wiped out. None of them, including the Snake Spirit Gate, could return to the main realm! However, the immortal painting scroll was a smooth passage.
Elder Xue gave this difficult task to Taishang Laojun, asking him to choose a Nirvana Realm expert to obtain the Origin God Blood … Taishang Laojun had already completed this seemingly impossible task.
Even facing the Snake Spirit King, Taishang Laojun was calm. He had already done his best! Faced with Taishang Laojun's reprimand, the snake masters were all stunned. Some of them even stole a glance at the bified-headed serpent.
Was this old man telling the truth?
The bifid serpent maintained its posture and looked down at the human elder.
After a while, the Spirit Snake King's voice sounded in the Biheaded Serpent's mind.
"Kill him."
The two-headed serpent also said, "Get rid of them!"
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh …" The snake masters had been prepared for a long time. Once the bified-headed serpent gave the order, they charged madly towards Taishang Laojun.
Perhaps they were still confused and doubtful.
However, the King was not to be doubted. The confusion, doubts, and even uneasiness in their hearts could only be suppressed at the bottom of their hearts.
Taishang Laojun narrowed his eyes and raised his hand.
"Rise!"
"Rumble …" The thick and heavy Heaven Earth Mysterious Yellow Pagoda flew up from the ground.
"Suppress!"
Boom!
The few Snake Sovereigns who were charging at the front were directly smashed into pieces by the Heaven Earth Mysterious Yellow Pagoda.
"Light of Annihilation …" "Hum …" The bright white light enveloped the torn Treacherous Bodies. Combined with the killing power of the Black Yellow Pagoda, several Snake Masters were killed.
"Child's play, die!"
Bone spikes grew out of the bifid serpent's body as it joined the fray.
In the Divine Clock City.
Yu Shenfeng was sitting cross-legged under the huge bell.
He was trying to break through to the twentieth level of the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda.
The bell had already rung, and Yu Shenfeng had already entered the Nirvana Realm.
As soon as he entered, he realized that he had already reached the twentieth level. He was secretly delighted.
However, at this moment, the Heaven Earth Mysterious Yellow Pagoda shook violently. Yu Shenfeng even saw four people gathered at the top of the pagoda! The news of Hua Tianming meeting the "Pagoda Master" had already spread like wildfire. Yu Shenfeng naturally knew about it too.
He wanted to try his luck in the Heaven Earth Mysterious Yellow Pagoda. If he met the Pagoda Master, perhaps he could ask for something good?
He did not expect to meet the so-called "Pagoda Master" but four young people instead! "You …" Yu Shenfeng had just opened his mouth when Du Zhen turned to look at him and pointed at him coldly. "Get out!"
An irresistible force was exerted on Yu Shenfeng. Yu Shenfeng only felt his vision blur before he was directly sent out of the Heaven Earth Mysterious Yellow Pagoda! The bell was still ringing. Only half the time had passed. When the other Nirvana Realm cultivators saw Yu Shenfeng come out so quickly, they thought he had already chosen the Nirvana token.
"Shenfeng, what's wrong?"
"Junior Brother, did you get the 20th step Nirvana token?"
Gu Bei and Jing Wuhuan came over.
Yu Shenfeng still looked confused. He shook his head. "I didn't get it."
"Why?
You didn't get to the 20th step? "
Gu Bei asked curiously.
Logically speaking, with Yu Shenfeng's strength, climbing to the 20th step should not be difficult. It should be very safe.
"I saw four people …" Yu Shenfeng said again.
"Four!"
Jing Wuhuan was slightly shocked.
"But one of them chased me out!"
Yu Shenfeng looked aggrieved. He did not even have time to speak! Kubei furrowed his brows, "Other than those four people, did you see any other movements?"
"The Heaven Earth Mysterious Yellow Pagoda shook violently. I don't know anything else." Yu Shenfeng shook his head.
The Ultimate Graveyard had many guesses about the Heaven Earth Mysterious Yellow Pagoda. One of them had already been confirmed by Hua Tianming. The Master of the Heaven Earth Mysterious Yellow Pagoda was most likely a human. At the very least, he would be on the human's side.
This could be seen from the special treatment Gu Bei received when he entered the Ultimate Graveyard, and the changes after the divine realm entered the graveyard! "According to Li Luoshui, the human race is not considered a strong force in the Nirvana Realm. They will definitely encounter strong enemies. I hope they can get through this safely," Gu Bei said worriedly.
The Nirvana Realm cultivators in the Ultimate Graveyard relied on the Heaven Earth Mysterious Yellow Pagoda. If this pagoda was gone, everyone's cultivation would not improve.
"Let me go in and try," Jing Wuhuan volunteered.
He suspected that his junior brother spoke too carelessly and offended the people in the pagoda … Then, Jing Wuhuan took out his fishing rod and swung it violently. He was about to ring the bell.
But before he could touch the bell, it started ringing on its own.
"Dong." The bell let out an unprecedented roar. Even the region outside the Divine Bell City could hear it clearly.
But when the bell reached the end, the sound became loud and sharp. Even the Nirvana Realm cultivators could not help but cover their ears.
"Crack!"
The sound stopped abruptly.
A crack appeared in the middle of the bell, and the face of the bell curled up.
If not for the fact that so many Nirvana Realm cultivators saw it with their own eyes, they would have thought that the bell had been destroyed by someone.

Chapter 3746
When the Divine Clock City's Nirvana Realm cultivators saw the broken bell, they were all stunned.
They stared blankly at the bell, unable to believe what they were seeing.
The surroundings were extremely quiet.
Jing Wuhuan was the first to react. He quickly said, "It wasn't me … I didn't ring the bell!"
This bell was the lifeblood of many Nirvana Realm cultivators!
If Jing Wuhuan took the blame for breaking the bell, he would be wronged.
"I saw it. It definitely wasn't you who broke it. Senior Brother, you don't have the ability …" Yu Shenfeng said.
"But why did the bell break?"
"Isn't this cutting off our cultivation path?"
"I still want to advance to the third stage …"
When the Nirvana Realm cultivators realized this, they all went crazy. This was their only way to advance.
Kubei walked forward and reached out his hand to caress the big bell. His expression became abnormally serious.
When Yu Shenfeng entered, he already realized that there was something wrong with the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda. Then, the bell was destroyed. The Mysterious Yellow Pagoda was probably doomed!
"Let me try!"
A Nirvana Realm cultivator walked to the broken bell.
This Nirvana Realm cultivator came from the Jiang Yun Clan, which was also a large clan in the Ultimate Cemetery.
The destruction of the bell would not only affect the human race. The other Nirvana Realm cultivators would also feel terrible.
The Jiang Yun Clan member walked to the bell. His hands hung down and his head was raised. This was their cultivation method.
"Buzz …"
Green light appeared on top of his head. As he silently chanted the True Meaning of Dao, he struck the bell.
"Crack!"
The bell let out a sound like a broken gong.
"Buzz …"
The green light on top of the Jiang Yun Clan member's head dimmed. He shook his head at Kubei. "We can't go in …"
"Is it really broken?"
"What should we do!"
"Wuwuwu …"
The Nirvana Realm cultivators' voices were already sobbing.
After the Jiang Yun Clan member, a few groups of people rushed to the bell to try. Without exception, they all failed.
Even so, the living beings in the Ultimate Cemetery did not give up.
The few powerful human beings gathered together, trying to find a way to fix the bell.
The simplest and most direct method was to repair the bell. The human race mobilized dozens of skilled craftsmen from the God Realm to straighten the curled edges of the bell and carefully fill in the gaps with metal …
After three days and three nights, the bell returned to its original state, and they tried to ring it again.
In order to prevent the bell from being broken again, a First Heaven of the Nirvana Realm rang the bell.
"Ka, ka, ka …"
The big bell was obviously fine, but no matter how he struck it, he couldn't make the same sound as before, nor could he return to the Black Yellow Pagoda of Heaven and Earth.
It was only then that their hopes of repairing the bell were dashed. They realized that the bell would never ring again …
…
In Clear Jade Sky, inside Sky City.
The Spirit Snake King's long tail extended in front of it, and the black light embedded in the tail constantly flickered.
"Why don't you let him finish?"
Snake Spirit King asked.
"His words are meaningless," the voice came from the Snake Spirit King's mouth as the black light flashed.
"Is this world really irreversible?"
Snake Spirit King asked again.
"I've already shown you. How can you believe the words of a mere human?"
Black Light replied.
"If it's reversible, why do we have to wait for so long? More than a thousand chaos eras, even if it's calculated according to the time of the Main World, it's still a long time. We … still have to wait, or even wait until the next chaos era?"
Snake Spirit King asked again.
Before this, Snake Spirit King had never dared to talk to Black Light like this, and it didn't even dare to ask about Black Light's origin.
After all, everything it had now was given to it by Black Light, and Black Light could also take away everything it had.
According to the original plan, Snake Spirit King still had to wait for a long time.
However, a series of troublesome things had happened recently, especially Black Light's refusal to let it kill the Spirit Bird King, which made Snake Spirit King doubt and waver in its heart.
It realized that it couldn't delay any longer.
Black Light was silent for a while, and then said, "In that case, you go and activate the Land of Extinction, and I'll light the black lamp to upgrade it."
The crescent-shaped golden light in Snake Spirit King's eyes flashed fiercely. It had been waiting for Black Light to say this.
According to the original plan, Snake Spirit King would let the Yuan Ling civilization support You Xiong, Shennong, and the other races to completely control the mother world. After completing the path of order, it would wait leisurely, as long as the chaos world was under its control.
However, now that the Evil Deities had unified the path and the mother world was under its control, the situation had become extremely complicated!
"I'll activate the Land of Extinction now …" Snake Spirit King said without hesitation.
…
There were two famous Danger Zones in the chaos. One was the Ultimate Cemetery, and the other was the Land of Extinction.
No matter how powerful an existence was, as long as they fell into these two Danger Zones, there would be no way out …
Thankfully, the Sinkhole Graveyard and the Deathless Burial Grounds floated aimlessly in the depths of the chaos. Most living beings would never leave their homeworlds. Aside from a few races living in the chaos who would accidentally wander into the Deathless Burial Grounds, most people would never come into contact with them in their entire lives.
"Whoosh …"
Looking at the Land of Extinction from afar, it looked like a perfect triangle. Its surface was greenish-black, and it floated silently in the chaos.
The Land of Extinction was very wide inside, but it was very crowded for the creatures inside. This was because there were thousands of wild races here.
"Chirp chirp chirp chirp …"
A flock of red-eyed black birds flew across the black sky. They'd just finished a hunt, and their claws were still stained with the thick scent of blood. They planned to return to their nests after a full meal.
However, thin claws suddenly extended out from the ground. These claws wrapped around the Red-eyed Black Bird at lightning speed. They squeezed, tore, and strangled the Red-eyed Black Bird, squeezing out the blood from its body.
"Whoosh …"
Waves of blood rained down from the sky.
Large mouths dozens of meters wide grew on the ground. These mouths opened with all their might, feasting on the blood rain that fell from the sky. At the same time, they let out excited cries …
This was a demonic world.
Even in the endless chaos of the Land of Extinction, there were still rules.
Although these wild races fought and killed each other, they didn't dare to provoke the existence. It was a serpentine statue that stood in the center of the Land of Extinction.
Any existence that dared to approach the statue would be instantly killed. There had never been an exception in countless years.
Over time, that place became a forbidden area. Most of these wild races were immersed in killing each other. Who would pay attention to the origins of this statue?
However, the statue suddenly moved today.
The black snake coiled on top of it moved, and slithered down as if it were alive.
"Hiss …"
"Ever since I created this Land of Origin, I've never interfered with it. Now it's so chaotic …"
The Spirit Snake King could no longer bear to watch after smelling the thick scent of blood in the Land of Extinction.
It controlled the black snake to fly up. A crimson light shot out from the snake's eyes, and a powerful will spread out along with the red light, descending upon the Land of Extinction.

Chapter 3747
The thousands of barbaric races in the Extinction Ground had no idea what was going on.
These barbaric races were not afraid of anything, but they began to tremble under this terrifying will.
"Rumble …"
A thunderous voice reverberated through the Extinct Burial Grounds.
The barbaric races saw three white lightning bolts appear at the edge of the world. Any creature that was in the middle of these three white lightning bolts turned into ashes immediately. They did not even have time to scream.
At the same time, the voice of the Serpent King was heard in this world.
"Do you want power?"
The Serpent King asked.
Although these black barbaric creatures were terrified, they were filled with admiration after sensing the power of the Serpent King.
"If only I had such power …"
"We can control everything!"
"Invincible power can make me stronger!"
Now that they heard the Serpent King's words, they were all excited. Every barbaric race was filled with fighting spirit.
"I want such power!"
"Master Serpent, will you give it to us?"
"I will pursue such power …"
The Serpent King was no exception to these barbaric races.
They had been living in a cruel world without morals or order. As long as they had power, they would pay any price.
"Pipa!"
The three white lightning bolts intersected to form a huge snake-shaped totem. The size of this totem was so dazzling that the entire Extinction Grounds could see it clearly.
"Go to the totem!"
"There, you'll obtain unprecedented power …"
After the snake totem was set up, the huge Extinction Ground began to change shape.
From each of the three sides of the triangle, there was a crack with intersecting canine teeth. It was as if a three-dimensional triangle had three monster mouths.
After doing all this, the Serpent King's consciousness returned to the Jade Clear Sky and said to the Black Light, "The Extinction Ground is ready."
"Then let's begin. Let the blood lamia activate the black lamp," the Black Light replied.
"Lamia …" The Serpent King's eyes flashed coldly.
After a few breaths.
On the wall of the Chaotic World, the woman embedded in the wall suddenly opened her eyes. She was the blood lamia that the Black Light had mentioned.
The two crescent moons in her beautiful eyes glowed. "Father, is that you …"
"Activate the Ominous Orb," the Serpent King's cold voice sounded in her ears.
"You're still so stubborn?"
Lamia asked.
"Hahaha …" The Snake Spirit King let out a series of laughter. "The biggest reason I let you live is to let my daughter see who is right. Believe me, you will live to see that day!"
The Lamia remained silent for a moment and did not argue further.
Over a thousand chaos epochs ago, she had tried to fight back. Because of that, she had been imprisoned until now.
At this moment, she was actually looking forward to seeing her father's face filled with despair and helplessness …
"My father, I will open the ominous bead as you wish!"
"Buzz …"
As soon as the Lamia finished her words, the ominous bead on top of her head started to spin. Streaks of bloody light started to gather.
"Huff huff huff …"
An unprecedented amount of energy surrounded the ominous bead. The surging energy formed tide-like waves, pushing away the surrounding chaotic power wave after wave.
One thousand Shen Jun …
Ten thousand Shen Jun …
One million Shen Jun …
Ten million Jun …
The power contained in the ominous bead increased exponentially.
Among the ten saint items of the Serpent Spirit Sect's Holy Master, only this ominous bead could obtain unlimited energy from the Holy Pillar.
The terrifying energy was compressed in this tiny bead. If this energy were to explode, even the Mother World would not be able to withstand it. It was enough to smash a huge hole in the Mother World and destroy thousands of continents!
"Go, light up the black lamp …" The Lamia sneered.
"Pop!"
The ominous bead released a streak of bloody light and flew through the boundless chaotic world.
The terrifying energy was completely compressed into a finger-thick streak of bloody light and shot upward at an incredible speed.
"Whoosh —"
At this moment, Li Shan was still flying through the chaotic world at high speed.
That extremely powerful streak of bloody light shot upward like a meteor and swept across thirty thousand kilometers on one side of Li Shan.
If Li Shan's speed was even a bit slower, he might have been pierced by this thin streak of bloody light.
Because the energy contained within the bloody light was too terrifying, it alarmed all the major powers on Li Shan even though they were thirty thousand kilometers away.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and Luo Zheng — the three Primal Chaos Elder Gods — all looked toward the side of Li Shan. They could not see the streak of bloody light, but they could sense an irresistible energy flying past.
"What's that?"
"How could there be such energy in the chaotic world?"
"It's too fast, I can't see it clearly …"
This power appeared abruptly and disappeared in an instant.
After a few breaths of time, the bloody light shot toward the top of the chaotic world and struck the thick ceiling.
"Crack!"
The ceiling was smashed open by the bloody light, revealing a small lamp.
It was a small black oil lamp.
The oil lamp was simple and unadorned. The four wooden legs were engraved with complicated patterns. Inside was a glazed cup with a thin wick floating in the center.
Without the small oil lamp, this streak of bloody light's energy would have been enough to pierce through the ceiling, but the small oil lamp had actually endured all of the bloody light's energy.
To be precise, the small oil lamp had completely absorbed the bloody light's energy.
"Bzzz …"
The bloody light revolved around the small oil lamp, finally converging at the wick.
"Fuse!"
A crimson flame lit up.
If the experts of the Four Spirit Gates saw this small oil lamp light up, they would definitely feel an indescribable sense of terror.
In the past, the Snake Spirit Gate had lit up this small oil lamp and destroyed everything in the master realm …
For the sake of survival, the Human Spirit Gate and Bird Spirit Gate had been forced into the chaotic world by this small oil lamp.
Now, this lamp had been lit up once more.
Soon after, countless crystals filled with the profound power of space were released from the small oil lamp, spreading down from the top of the chaotic world.
When the crystals touched the chaotic clouds, the chaotic clouds began to grow restless.
These massive clouds silently floated within the chaotic world. Unless they were absorbed, their form would never change.
But now, after the crystals merged with the chaotic clouds, they began to rapidly absorb chaotic energy.
The chaotic clouds, which were originally a trillion kilometers in size, were split into tens of thousands of pieces by the crystals, and they quickly condensed into different shapes!
These shapes were the heads of enormous, nameless beasts.
Their faces were similar, and they all had crazed expressions on their faces.
As the crystal expanded in the Chaotic World, the number of strange beast heads formed after absorbing the Chaotic Energy was innumerable.
They floated quietly in the Chaos, their eyes closed and motionless.

Chapter 3748
In the boundless Chaos, there were some unique Chaos creatures. The Chaos Winged Beasts were one of them.
These Chaos Winged Beasts were ferocious and lived in groups. Anything that approached their nests would be attacked fiercely.
Their nests were like giant cages, drifting in the Primal Chaos.
These nests were also living creatures. They had extremely special and sensitive senses that allowed them to sense other Chaos creatures from a long distance away.
When they sensed other Chaos creatures, the nests would emit a faint stench. This stench would guide the Chaos Winged Beasts to find their target.
If the nests sensed a powerful existence, they would emit a strong stench. This was a warning to the Chaos Winged Beasts to avoid powerful creatures that lived in the Chaos.
"Phew …"
When those crystals fell and absorbed them, they turned into huge heads. The interior of the nests was filled with a strong stench. It was like the stench of a corpse that had been rotting for days.
The Chaos Winged Beasts that stayed in the nests broke down when they smelled this stench. They all came out of the nests.
This stench reminded the Chaos Winged Beasts that there was an extremely terrifying existence around them …
When the Chaos Winged Beasts flapped their wings and rushed out of the nests, they were all stunned.
They saw numerous gigantic heads floating in the air. Although these heads were motionless, they still felt a strong sense of danger!
"Wu wu …"
"Wu wu wu …"
The Chaos Winged Beasts made sounds to communicate.
Every living creature had their own way of survival. Otherwise, they would have gone extinct.
The Chaos Winged Beasts did not attack these heads rashly. Instead, they sent dozens of Chaos Winged Beasts to observe.
These Chaos Winged Beasts carefully approached the heads and looked around them.
The heads did not emit any aura of life. They closed their eyes tightly and were like huge rocks floating in the air. They were dead creatures.
"Wu, wu …"
One of the Chaos Winged Beasts cried out for a while and got closer to the head. It reached out its sharp claws and touched the head gently.
Unexpectedly, the moment it touched the head, the head opened its eyes.
Those huge eyes emitted rays of sunlight. Then, the head opened its mouth and tried to swallow the Chaos Winged Beasts.
The speed of the Chaos Winged Beasts was not slow. When they sensed danger, they flapped their wings and transformed into streaks of black light to escape. But the big mouth sucked. The Chaos Winged Beasts were unable to resist. They were all sucked into the big mouth.
To the awakened head, these Winged Beasts of Chaos were not even qualified to fill the gaps between its teeth. Its gaze quickly locked onto the nest of the Winged Beasts of Chaos. These nests were quite heavy when they were joined together. The head did not hesitate and swallowed them in one gulp.
However, the head still felt "hungry". Its motive for appearing was to devour everything that could be devoured, and then continue to strengthen itself. What in this empty bastard world was worth devouring?
Soon, it set its sights on its own kind.
"Phew …"
It flew toward the other head and took a big bite out of the other head. The head that was bitten also woke up, so the two heads started to tear at each other, trying to devour each other.
After tearing at each other for a while, one of the heads was completely devoured by the other, and the size of the surviving head immediately doubled.
However, the head still felt hungry. Soon, it locked onto the next head. With the advantage of its size, it was easier for it to devour other heads. Thus, it began its journey of devouring.
The heads that were spread throughout the chaos woke up in various forms. The same scene kept repeating as they devoured each other in a frenzy.
The heads that had awakened first stood out from the billions of heads and snowballed into a snowball to strengthen themselves.
However, the ones that grew the fastest in the chaos world were not these heads. Instead, it was the one located in a corner of the chaos.
"The Land of Annihilation."
From the moment the heads were born, the three "mouths" at the edge of the Land of Annihilation began to devour them. Every time the Land of Annihilation swallowed a head, the Land of Annihilation would grow.
When the Land of Annihilation swallowed all the heads around it, its body had expanded by more than ten times!
As the Land of Annihilation continued to grow, the speed at which it devoured the heads also increased. The three mouths opened wide and devoured the heads like a whale swallowing a whale!
However, the Land of Annihilation was still too small. Although it was a place of origin, the Serpent King had never paid much attention to it. Even though it had expanded by more than ten times, it was still not as big as a continent in the Mother World.
…
When the crystals descended around the Mother World, they turned the chaos clouds around the Mother World into giant heads.
When these heads woke up, they did not make their companions their first target. That was because there was a huge Mother World next to them. This was the perfect target for the heads. They swarmed toward the Mother World without hesitation.
The outer walls of the Mother World were several hundred miles thick. Although the heads were devouring at a fast speed, it would still take a while for them to enter the Mother World.
Inside the Mother World, Evil Deities floated at the top of a mountain. In front of him was a ball of Daofuse energy. Although the Daofuse energy was only the size of a fist, it was actually in a highly condensed state. If it exploded completely, it would be enough to destroy several large continents.
After Li Shan successfully escaped, Evil Deities created clones of himself in all the large continents in the Mother World. He paid a visit to the various major factions in the Mother World and announced that he was the ruler of the Mother World.
As early as when the Evil God released the evil intent that permeated the entire motherworld, the various superpowers and major forces had already speculated that the motherworld might already have a master, and the appearance of the Evil God had confirmed their speculations.
These major factions did not have the ability to separate a large continent from the Mother World like Li Shan did. Faced with Evil Deities who came knocking on their door, they had no other choice but to submit.
However, other than making them submit, Evil Deities did not do anything else. To him, these existences in the Mother World were no different from ants. Even if there were a few Immortal Realm experts from the major factions, they were just slightly stronger ants.
When Li Shan left the Mother World, the giant ape that suddenly appeared had been lingering in his mind. For this reason, he asked the old captain to ask the Prime of Tongtian about the origin of the giant ape.
However, he did not know what happened on the other side. The Prime of Tongtian and the others seemed to have disappeared and did not give him a reply.
He could still rely on himself …
After realizing that there was such a terrifying person in this world, Evil Deities became even more obsessed with the pursuit of power.
On one hand, he wanted to further deepen his control over the Mother World. On the other hand, he needed to comprehend the Power of Truth from the Daofuse energy.
His control over the Mother World was gradually increasing. It was not difficult for Evil Deities to completely control everything in the Mother World. However, Evil Deities encountered some unsolvable problems when comprehending the Daofuse energy.
In a short period of time, he had already comprehended the embryonic form of the Power of Truth from the Daofuse energy.
The six embryonic forms corresponded to the six Chaos Ancient Gods. However, other than the Power of Truth, Evil Deities caught a trace of something unusual in the Daofuse energy.
Because of this, Evil Deities pondered for several days.
Not far away, Xiuzhu walked down from the flying ship and put a black cloth robe on Evil Deities. She had sewn it herself.
Evil Deities looked at the Daofuse energy in front of him and murmured.
"The power of the Daofuse energy is not just the Six Great Truths. It should be stronger, thousands of times stronger than it is now. Why is it so weak in my hands? It shouldn't be …"
Looking at her husband's expression, Xiuzhu could not help but shake her head.
Her husband was already the ruler of the Mother World. Even if the leaders of those superpowers had already submitted, he was still obsessed with power. She did not know whether this was a blessing or a curse.
Just as Evil Deities was concentrating on comprehending the Daofuse energy, he suddenly felt a trace of uncomfortable movement from the Mother World. Evil Deities frowned. His pupils reflected the crazily gnawing heads on the outer wall, and his face suddenly revealed a puzzled expression.
"What is this …"

Chapter 3749
The Tianwu Continent was located at the top of the Mother World. It was the largest exit from the Mother World to the Primal Chaos World.
In the past, the Tianwu Continent's exit was very prosperous. All the flying ships of different races used this exit to trade. After all, traveling through the Primal Chaos World was much faster than passing through the crystal walls.
However, after the Evil Deities took control of the Mother World, they issued a ban. No race was allowed to leave the Mother World without permission. Violators would be killed without mercy.
Most of the trade in the Mother World had stopped. Even if they wanted to trade, they could only use the Mother World's waterway.
At the huge exit of the Tianwu Continent, there were tens of thousands of flying ships.
The people in charge of these flying ships were very depressed. Every day they stayed here was another day of losses. They could only watch as those shining white god crystals slipped away.
"I wonder how long the ban will last!"
"Who knows? Our patriarch said that the Mother World is now under the control of that human called Evil Deities. Whenever he says …"
"Why! Are all the Immortal Realm experts in the Mother World dead?
How can a human junior be so arrogant? "
Some people were indignant.
In their opinion, the Immortal Realm expert was the peak expert in the Mother World. The latecomers would at most be at the Saint Soul Realm. How could they control the Mother World?
"Shh!"
An alien at the side made a hand gesture. "Don't talk nonsense. I heard that Evil Deities are everywhere …"
"Bullsh * t. Even an Immortal Realm expert can't do it, let alone a Saint Soul Realm expert?
You dare to say that Evil Deities are at the Immortal Realm?
You dare to say that he has surpassed the Immortal Realm? "
That person didn't believe it.
Ever since the Paramita World's environment changed, there were no new Immortal Realm experts. The latecomers were destined to never reach the Immortal Realm and never catch up with their predecessors. Therefore, he felt that this was just a rumor.
Just as he was yelling, the alien's body suddenly swayed, and his face became blurry.
As the alien kept shaking, his body, appearance, and aura underwent a drastic change …
Soon, a brand new Evil Deities was born.
Evil Deities stared at that person and revealed a contemptuous smile. "Immortal Realm?
What is that? "
The man's face turned green when he sensed the aura of Evil Deities. He stammered, "You, you, you … You are …"
"I am Evil Deities," said Evil Deities.
"I, I didn't do it on purpose … don't kill me …"
The man wanted to cry. He didn't expect Evil Deities to be able to hear every sound in the Mother World.
"Why should I kill you?"
Evil Deities looked puzzled.
"Not killing me?"
A glimmer of hope appeared in the man's heart. "You're a magnanimous person, please don't bicker with me …"
"I'm in need of people, so I won't kill the innocent." Evil Deities shrugged. "But I'll be borrowing your body."
"Borrow, borrow …"
The man's body trembled like a sieve. His face turned blurry, and in the blink of an eye, he became the second Evil Deities.
Evil Deities could monitor all living beings in the Mother World, but the Mother World was too big. There were countless aliens in it. If someone cursed Evil Deities, Evil Deities wouldn't be able to find out from the sea of information.
Unfortunately, Evil Deities happened to be in the Sky Martial Region to deal with the heads outside the Mother World. Naturally, he heard the conversation between the two on the ship …
The others on the merchant ship didn't dare to breathe loudly. Who knew if the body of Evil Deities was still alive?
However, Evil Deities didn't intend to continue borrowing people. Instead, he looked at the exit of the Sky Martial Region that led to the Chaos. This was the weakest point of the Mother World. The heads were biting at it so fast that they almost bit through the Sky Martial Region …
"Cha, cha, kekeke …"
At this moment, a series of ear-piercing biting sounds came from outside the exit. This sound was very heavy, and every time it was heard, the entire Sky Martial Region would tremble.
"What is this sound?"
"Are they living beings in the Chaos?"
"They want to enter the Mother World?"
The aliens on the flying ship discussed in low voices.
Evil Deities waved his hand at the merchant ships. "All flying ships, retreat."
When the merchant ships heard Evil Deities' words, how would they dare to stay?
They all drove their flying ships to retreat frantically.
"Kacha, keke, keke …"
The sounds outside the exit grew louder and louder. The Sky Martial Region shook more and more violently.
Evil Deities didn't rush out of the Mother World. It wasn't that he was timid, but that there was no need to.
These heads that suddenly appeared in the Chaos were definitely abnormal. Evil Deities' instincts told him that this wasn't a simple matter. He had to be very alert to deal with it.
"Ka, boom!"
The exit of the Sky Martial Region finally collapsed.
The merchant ships activated their shields at the same time.
They had been traveling around the Mother World for a long time and were very familiar with the environment of the Chaos. Once the exit collapsed, a large amount of Chaos Qi would rush in. They activated their shields to keep the Chaos Qi outside.
However, what they didn't know was that the Chaos Qi in the entire Chaos World had disappeared. Instead, they were replaced by giant heads.
Thus, the moment the exit collapsed, what rushed in wasn't Chaos Qi, but many evil and fiendish heads.
After swallowing the outer wall of the Mother World, their bodies swelled tremendously. Each head was hundreds of thousands of feet tall. They were like giant mountains flying in the sky. These giant mountains could even bite people …
"There are a total of two hundred heads that came in from the Sky Martial Region …"
"Buzz!"
"Buzz!"
The two Evil Deities raised their hands at the same time. The Dao-Fusion energy had already gathered in their hands.
A trace of spatial truth enveloped the Dao-Fusion energy. Then, the Dao-Fusion energy disappeared from the hands of the Evil Deities. In the next moment, it appeared in front of the two heads.
These heads had almost no ability to distinguish the outside world. They only had one thought, and that was to "eat"!
Whether it was energy or matter, if possible, they would even swallow the void …
Faced with the sudden Dao-Fusion energy, the heads didn't hesitate at all. They swallowed it in one gulp.
"Explode!"
The two Evil Deities said at the same time.
"Boom, boom!"
The Dao-Fusion energy exploded. Blazing white light flickered in the mouths of the heads. Unsurprisingly, the two heads exploded into countless pieces.
Cheers could be heard from the flying ship in the distance.
"So powerful!"
"Two of such gigantic heads were killed in an instant …"
"…"
However, the Evil Deities' expression darkened.
They had wanted to use the power of the two Dao-Fusion energy to kill all the heads. However, these heads were far stronger than the Evil Deities had imagined!
A mere two hundred heads were naturally no threat to the Mother World. However, the Evil Deities knew that there were probably millions of heads crazily biting the outer wall of the Mother World. Moreover, this number was still rapidly increasing!
If they didn't stop it, the entire Mother World would be bitten full of holes.
The Evil Deities thought for a moment. Over two hundred people on the merchant ship twitched. They turned into two hundred Evil Deities at the same time. Then, they raised their hands and used the Dao-Fusion energy …
"Boom, boom, boom, boom …"
Then, the Dao-Fusion energy appeared in the mouths of the two hundred heads. All the heads in the air were blown to pieces.

Chapter 3750
After entering the mother world, Evil Deities originally had a very advantageous position.
Who knew that the chaos world would have such a change!
The millions of heads that surrounded the Mother World were like leeches attached to the Evil God's body. If he did not pull them out, he would feel uncomfortable all over.
Without a better method, Evil Deities only had one method, which was to mobilize the large factions of the mother world and his tens of thousands of clones to attack together.
Whether or not he could get rid of those heads was another matter, but it was the only method out of all methods …
The heads descended indiscriminately. Wherever there were chaos clouds, the heads would appear.
Some of the weaker races and factions in the depths of the chaos were quickly swarmed by these heads and completely devoured.
Even the famous Ten Ferocious Beasts of the Chaos were in danger.
They originally used their speed advantage to travel through the chaos in an attempt to break away from these crazy enemies.
After traveling for a while, they fell into despair.
No matter where they went, they could see these strange heads. All of the chaos was occupied by heads!
Why was this happening?
How many were there?
No one could answer their questions …
Not long after the heads descended, Li Mountain who was flying at high speed also encountered them.
The first to notice the existence of the skulls was Desert, because dozens of skulls had just formed when they crashed into its barrier!
Normal beings would instantly be torn apart under such a fierce attack. After all, the entire Li Mountain was pushed to an extremely high speed.
Not only did those heads not shatter, they were extremely vicious and opened their mouths to bite the barrier.
The heads could devour matter and energy. Under their bites, "Mo" discovered that the barrier's energy was quickly depleting.
"Narrow, Ji, some strange things have appeared in the chaos," Mo said.
"I see it …" Ji on the jade platform replied.
The chaotic clouds in the distance had all disappeared, and in their place were these strange heads.
"Are they easy to deal with?"
Narrow asked.
"They can devour the barrier but killing them should be easy," Mo said unhappily.
Dozens of rings suddenly appeared on the east side of Li Mountain's barrier. These rings shrank towards those heads and then transparent swords appeared on the surface of the barrier.
Pfft pfft pfft …
These transparent swords shattered the skulls into pieces.
"It's already been dealt with," Mo said.
"Is there a problem with this area or is the entire chaos like this?
There seem to be too many heads, "Ji said worriedly.
"Is it related to that terrifying energy from before?"
Narrow asked.
"Who knows, just be careful …"
As Mo Zheng spoke, Li Shan charged into a large group of heads.
Originally, this path was an extremely large mass of chaotic clouds. Now, the mass of chaotic clouds had transformed into countless heads, and Li Shan had crashed into them head-on.
Bam bam bam bam bam …
After the heads crashed into the barrier, they lay on top of it and tore at it crazily, like a group of greedy blood-sucking bugs.
"All of you die! Trillion barrier swords! "
Mo's barrier started to tremble.
Countless spirit formation swords pierced out from the surface of the spirit formation, piercing through thousands of heads and killing them.
However, just as they finished dealing with this batch, more heads crashed into Li Mountain. The number was even greater than the previous batch!
"Trillion Swords!"
"Trillion barriers …"
Mo continued to control the barrier to kill the heads.
Even primal chaos ancient gods had limited truth power. On one hand, the heads would absorb Mo's power. On the other hand, using the trillion swords consumed a lot of truth power.
After a few rounds, Mo used up a lot of truth power. However, the number of heads didn't decrease and instead increased. Only then did he realize the severity of the problem, "Ji, Narrow, you guys need to attack too …"
"We aren't the only ones." Ji's expression turned cold.
Soon, Li Shan's immortal realms gathered on the jade stage.
Luo Zheng, Nuwa, Fuxi, Donghuang and the others were shocked when they saw the heads!
"These heads … where did they come from?"
"Why did the primal chaos suddenly become so terrifying?!"
"There are more and more. Senior Mo, can you handle it?"
Mo replied in annoyance, "I can't handle it!"
Now, there were thirty to forty thousand heads on Li Shan's barrier. The consumption of truth power wasn't something Mo could handle. Once Mo's barrier collapsed, Li Shan would experience a calamity.
"Then attack!"
Nuwa said decisively.
After that, she swiftly showed up on the surface of the screen, dragging wisps of Nuwa's shadow behind her. She spread her arms and sent out tens of thousands of beams of energy, rolling across the screen and shredding these heads into pieces...
Luo Zheng, Fuxi, Donghuang and Elder Ying attacked together.
Blood control divine ability unleashed the potential in their bodies. Their current strength couldn't be underestimated.
With the combined efforts of these Sempiternal realm experts, they managed to clear out all of the heads.
However, as soon as they cleared these heads, Li Shan bumped into even more heads. Some of the heads even charged at Luo Zheng, Nuwa, and the others who were standing on top of the barrier to devour them!
Bam bam bam bam bam …
After Luo Zheng, Nuwa and the others dealt with the heads in front of them, they turned around and saw even more heads on the barrier.
"Kill!"
Nuwa's expression turned ferocious.
Several immortal realms and primal chaos ancient gods attacked.
However, at that moment, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped. He heard a voice from his inner world. It was the Origin Divine Blood speaking. "Luo Zheng, it's useless for you to do this."
Luo Zheng's expression turned serious. "Why?"
"These things are spread throughout the entire primal chaos world. There are trillions of them. How many can you kill?
If you keep fighting, you'll be devoured by them, "said the Origin Divine Blood.
"Spread throughout the primal chaos world?"
Luo Zheng's expression changed.
"In a sense, these heads are your food. There's no need for you to kill them," said the Origin Divine Blood.
"Food …" Luo Zheng's expression turned even weirder.
The Origin Divine Blood continued, "The degradation has begun again. The first step is to turn the primal chaos world into their own world."
"How?"
"Devour these heads. The more they devour, the larger the Land of Origin will expand. Finally, the Land of Origin will fill the entire primal chaos world. This is a game that only the Land of Origin can join," said the Origin Divine Blood.
"A Land of Origin as big as the primal chaos world …" Luo Zheng's eyes revealed a trace of horror. At the same time, he was somewhat puzzled. "Why are they doing this? What does this have to do with the degradation?"

Chapter 3751
Even the largest Mother World was just an isolated island in a huge ocean compared to the Chaotic World.
The size of the two was not on the same order of magnitude.
What kind of scene would it be to expand the Land of Origin to the size of the Chaotic World?
What kind of power would he have if he was the controller of the Land of Beginnings?
"Previously, these sub-worlds were also a kind of downgrade, but these downgrades were not perfect. They can be regarded as a kind of 'pseudo-downgrade'. Through complicated means, they can even be reversed and restored to the Main World," the Origin Divine Blood explained.
"Is it possible for the sub-world to be reversed?"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"Yes," the Origin Divine Blood said, "If the Snake King completely unifies the Chaotic World and completes the downgrade, the Main World will have no way back. At that time, the entire Main World will collapse, and the Chaotic World can expand infinitely, occupying all the space of the Main World."
"It sounds good," Luo Zheng smiled.
As creatures living in the sub-world, Luo Zheng and others were obviously more suitable for the three-grid world. They were not used to the higher level of the Mysterious World at all.
In other words, the creatures of the three-grid world and the four-grid world were opposed.
"But the purpose of the Snake King is to return to the Main World, right?
Isn't it destroying its own great wall? "
Luo Zheng asked again.
"The Snake King was wrong from the beginning. It will definitely pay the price for its stubbornness," the Origin Divine Blood replied, "Now you have to do your best to devour these heads to strengthen the Land of Origin. Only by seizing the opportunity can you beat the other party in the competition!"
"How do I devour them?"
"I'll help you."
The edge of Luo Zheng's Land of Origin suddenly cracked, forming a crack that was thousands of miles wide.
As soon as the crack opened, groups of heads came in from the outside.
But what greeted these huge heads were the bamboo-shaped plants that looked like crisscrossing canines!
"Kacha, kacha, kacha..."
The two rows of bamboo-shaped plants grinded and chewed each other, crushing these heads into pieces.
"These bamboo-shaped plants are really teeth?"
Luo Zheng's eyes widened.
"Yes," the Origin Divine Blood said.
From the moment the Origin Divine Blood entered the Land of Origin, it had been preparing for today.
Now that the head had finally appeared, it was naturally time to show off his strength.
After the Land of Beginnings devoured the first batch of skulls, Luo Zheng suddenly felt that his Dantian was slightly swollen. He raised his eyebrows and said, "The Land of Beginnings is expanding again?"
"The more it devours, the faster the Land of Origin will expand," the Origin Divine Blood said.
As soon as the voice fell, the crack at the edge of the Land of Beginnings opened again, and large groups of heads rushed in impatiently …
The help these heads provided to the Land of Origin was far beyond Luo Zheng's imagination. In just a short while, the Land of Origin had expanded three times its original size!
Luo Zheng pulled his gaze away from the Land of Origin and looked at Fuxi, Nuwa, Donghuang, and the others. They were still trying their best to destroy those heads. Only now did Luo Zheng understand the words of the Origin Divine Blood: These heads were his food, and it was a waste to kill them like this.
Luo Zheng's gaze swept across the chaos, and at the same time, he used the mother butterfly to sense the location of the Inner World, but said, "Seniors, these heads can't be killed!"
Nuwa urged Nuwa's Shadow to cut several heads in half, and after standing in the air, she responded to Luo Zheng, "If we can't kill them all, we can't just sit and wait for death."
"I have another way," Luo Zheng said.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Fuxi, Donghuang, Elder Ying, and the others slowed down.
With their strength, they could protect Li Shan for a while, but if this situation continued for a few days, or even a few weeks, their bloodline power would be exhausted. It was the same for the three Chaos Ancient Gods. In the end, Li Shan could not escape the fate of being devoured by countless heads.
Now, even within Li Shan, there was panic spreading.
If one stood anywhere in Li Shan and looked up, one could see those floating heads through the enchantment.
Even the Gods living in the big cities were full of uneasiness.
Nuwa immediately asked, "What's the plan?
Luo Zheng roughly calculated in his mind, and said, "Try to lure the heads here, and then head west!"
Now, Luo Zheng's Land of Origin was directly west of Li Shan. After flying in the Chaotic World for so long, the distance between the two was not far, and at most, they would meet in a day's distance.
"And then?"
Fuxi asked.
"Let Li Shan enter my Land of Origin," Luo Zheng answered.
The Immortal Realm experts and the three Chaos Ancient Gods were stunned.
Mo even asked, "Luo Zheng, are you joking?
How can your Inner World contain Li Shan? "
Although Li Shan was a "mountain," this mountain was equivalent to a large province in the Mother World, and its body was very large.
Although Luo Zheng's Land of Origin had been expanded, it still could not be compared to Li Shan …
"Your Land of Origin has expanded again?
Can it swallow Li Shan? "
Nuwa asked.
"No," Luo Zheng shook his head. "The Land of Origin is now only one percent of Li Shan's size."
"Then how can Li Shan enter the Land of Origin?"
Mo asked.
"My Land of Origin can expand rapidly after swallowing the heads. If it swallows all these heads, it should not be a problem to put Li Shan in," Luo Zheng said as he pointed at the heads all over the sky.
"If the Land of Origin can swallow the heads, how …" Donghuang still found it hard to believe.
"Let me do it!"
Nuwa said. She chose to believe Luo Zheng unconditionally. In fact, Li Shan had come to this point, and there was no other way. Regardless of whether Luo Zheng's guidance was correct or not, they had no other choice.
The energy beam of Wah's Shadow became as thin as a spider's silk, and this allowed Wah's Shadow to drift further.
There were many heads chasing after Li Shan, but there were even more heads in the Chaotic World that had yet to awaken.
These Wah's Shadow, which was as thin as a spider's silk, contained a lot of energy. Just by gently floating over the motionless heads, they immediately woke up and locked onto Li Shan as their target with their keen intuition.
Originally, there were about three hundred thousand heads chasing after Li Shan. However, after Nuwa's Shadow was cast out like a fishing net, the number of heads following behind Li Shan suddenly increased by several times. There were probably more than a million heads.
Donghuang looked at the number of heads chasing after them in shock. He could not help but say, "Nuwa, your ability to lure monsters is too …"
Nuwa glanced at Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng said, "Don't stop, lure as many as you can!"
Nuwa waved her hands, and Wah's Shadow extended even further. More heads and tails were lured over by her, chasing after Li Shan.
After Li Shan traveled like this for six to eight hours, the number of heads following behind him had already reached tens of millions!
The pressure in the hearts of the Immortal Realm experts and the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods kept increasing.
If Li Shan was caught by these heads, he would be swallowed completely in an instant!

Chapter 3752
The sea of skulls following behind Li Shan gave people a strong visual impact.
Everyone in Li Shan, from the Mountain Lord to the Sect Master, from the Immortal Realm to the ordinary Gods, was very nervous.
If anything went wrong, Li Shan would die here!
"I didn't expect the Chaotic World to be so dangerous. Was Li Shan's mother world the wrong choice back then …"
"The Chaotic World should be filled with Chaotic Aura. Why is there no Chaotic Aura and so many terrifying skulls?"
"Who knows?
Goddess Nuwa might be able to answer your question … "
The people on the roof of the city tower and the mountainside all looked up and prayed silently in their hearts.
"Phew …"
Nuwa still did not stop moving the skulls.
The shadow of Nuwa that had gathered behind her became smaller and fainter. This shadow of Nuwa had turned into thin energy beams and drifted further away, helping Luo Zheng move more skulls.
The entire Li Shan was like a fishing boat sailing in the deep sea, and Nuwa's shadow was a huge fishing net, scooping up the skulls one by one …
"If this continues, the number of skulls will probably exceed 100 million." Nuwa stared at Luo Zheng and said, "Luo Zheng, you must have a way."
"Not necessarily …" Luo Zheng said.
"…"
Fuxi, Nuwa, Donghuang, and the others were speechless.
After a few hours, Luo Zheng once again used the mother butterfly to sense the location of the Land of Beginnings. The distance between the two was very close.
"That's the Land of Beginnings?"
Nuwa suddenly asked.
In the distance in front of Li Shan, there was a small brown sphere. As it was still quite far away, it was only the size of a pea in everyone's eyes.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
Although Luo Zheng's incarnation had been outside the Land of Beginnings, he did not see the full appearance of the Land of Beginnings. It was also his first time seeing the Land of Beginnings.
This brown sphere was covered with blue stripes, and there was a crack on the side. From afar, the Land of Beginnings looked like an oval-shaped clam shell.
"Do we charge directly?"
Nuwa asked.
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and thought for a while, then nodded and said, "Charge over, don't collide with the Land of Beginnings, then fly around it!"
"Understood," said Kuang.
The huge circular structure behind Li Shan was equivalent to Li Shan's "rudder". Li Shan's forward direction was determined by this circular structure, so the person who created the circular structure was equivalent to Li Shan's "rudder".
"Boom boom …"
The huge circular structure tilted slightly upward, and the energy erupting from the circular structure also changed direction. Then, Li Shan adjusted the tilt angle and sprinted toward the bottom of the birthplace.
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Li Mountain flew past the Land of Beginnings.
Although the Land of Beginnings was only a hundredth the size of Mount Li, it was still considered a massive entity.
When the two collided, everyone felt as if a huge city had passed over Mount Li. Then, the Land of Beginnings plunged into the sea of skulls behind Mount Li.
"It's your turn," Luo Zheng transmitted his voice into the Land of Origin.
The Origin Divine Blood had been waiting for a long time. When it collided with the large group of heads in the Land of Origin, the crack at the edge had already opened.
Hundreds and thousands of heads were forced into the Land of Beginnings.
"Kacha, kacha …"
Those bamboo-shaped plants crisscrossed up and down, chewing these huge heads into pieces.
Previously, the number of heads swallowed by the Land of Origin was relatively small. The "teeth" formed by these two rows of bamboo-shaped plants were enough. Now that the heads in the chaos were swarming in, many heads escaped the "teeth". Some of the heads even rushed toward the central continental plate after entering the Land of Origin!
Luo Zheng saw that the situation was not good and had to create an inner clone to protect those continental plates …
The Origin Divine Blood also realized this problem, and once again urged its own power. There was a roar in the Land of Origin, and rows of bamboo-shaped plants quickly grew. These bamboo-shaped plants stood in a circle, almost occupying a quarter of the space of the Land of Origin. This way, it would be difficult for a head to pass through.
"Kacha, kacha …"
The faster the heads were swallowed, the faster the Land of Origin expanded.
When the Land of Origin drilled out of the large group of heads, its size directly expanded more than twice!
"Phew …"
The huge Li Mountain used nearly two hours to adjust its direction, making an arc of tens of thousands of miles in the chaos. It dragged those heads and rushed toward the Land of Origin again.
After the Land of Origin doubled in size, its ability to swallow heads also doubled.
The Land of Origin crossed paths with Li Mountain for the second time. After swallowing millions of heads, its size doubled again, and it was almost one-twentieth of Li Mountain's size!
"The Land of Origin is expanding at an astonishing speed …" Fuxi's eyes were filled with amazement.
Ji, Ze, and Mo were also very surprised.
They had all drifted in the chaos world for a long time, and had seen some unique spaces in the chaos.
There had never been anything as unique as Luo Zheng's Land of Origin!
"After swallowing two batches of heads, it has expanded four times, and is equivalent to one-twentieth of its original size," Nuwa said with bright eyes. "If there are enough heads and it swallows about five more times, the Land of Origin will be even bigger than Li Mountain!"
Previously, everyone was uneasy, but now they were filled with hope.
Without saying a word, Kong adjusted the "rudder" and began to adjust the direction for the third time.
Luo Zheng stared at the Land of Origin that was constantly moving away, and asked, "Origin God Blood, why didn't those heads directly attack the Land of Origin?
Instead, they went in through the cracks of the Land of Origin? "
Those heads were extremely crazy. They would bite and gnaw at anything they saw. However, when facing the Land of Origin, they would silently bypass the other areas and head straight for the big mouth of the Land of Origin. This was extremely strange.
"The only consciousness of those heads is to swallow everything. In fact, they are very stupid. Look at the blue lines outside the Land of Origin," Origin God Blood said.
"These are …"
"Using the power of space to form a net, it can cover the Land of Origin," Origin God Blood said again.
"Space Net …" Luo Zheng murmured.
At this moment, he thought of the Evil Deities and the mother world.
Since these heads were all over the chaos, the mother world was probably attacked by countless heads.
He didn't know if the Evil Deities could find such a way. If he didn't deal with it well, the mother world would probably suffer a disaster, and the thousands of races and creatures in it would also suffer a disaster.
Li Shan swept past the Land of Origin for the third time …
The fourth time …
The fifth time …
Every time it passed by, the Land of Beginnings would grow in size, and the heads that were chasing after Li Shan would be devoured by the Land of Beginnings.
When Li Shan swept past the Land of Origin for the sixth time, the Land of Origin looked half the size of Li Shan, and nearly one-third of those heads were swallowed by the Land of Origin!
The seventh time it swept past the Land of Origin, there were still half of the heads that followed Li Shan, and the Land of Origin was slightly bigger than Li Shan.

Chapter 3753
Now, Luo Zheng's Land of Origin could already fit Li Shan in.
However, if Li Shan wanted to enter the Land of Origin, he had to slow down.
The problem was that there were more than 40 million heads behind Li Shan. Once he slowed down, Li Shan would still be drowned by the heads!
Therefore, Li Shan could only adjust his direction and fly past the Land of Origin for the eighth time …
"Phew …"
The two of them flew in opposite directions.
The Land of Origin's' mouth 'opened.
Now, the Land of Origin had become extremely huge. This mouthful could swallow Li Shan directly, and it could also swallow tens of millions of heads in one mouthful!
"Whoosh!"
A sea of heads entered the crack.
The Land of Origin expanded again at a speed visible to the naked eye.
It doubled in size again!
The Land of Origin was more than twice as big as Li Shan!
The heads that were chasing after Li Shan had all been cleared away. The void was empty, and there was not a single head left.
Without the threat of the heads, Li Shan began to slow down …
For such a huge object moving at high speed, it required a series of methods to slow down.
After spending an hour, Li Shan's speed gradually decreased. He flew towards the Land of Origin at a speed of 1,000 feet per breath.
When the two of them were dozens of miles away, the Land of Origin opened its' mouth 'and waited for Li Shan to enter.
Everything went smoothly.
However, what Luo Zheng and Nuwa did not expect was that the Land of Beginnings brought quite a bit of fear to the living beings in Li Mountain.
"Those heads are gone?"
"Were they eaten by that monster?"
"Now, that monster wants to eat Li Shan … It's over, it's over!"
Nuwa and the other Immortal Realms naturally knew what the Land of Origin was. However, there were hundreds of millions of living beings in Li Shan. They could only judge based on their own imagination.
Seeing Li Shan rushing towards the Place of Beginnings, panic quickly spread.
There were even a few Mountain Chieftains who flew towards Nuwa and asked what happened to Li Shan and why he had to enter the huge clam demon.
"Clam demon …" Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry when he saw the Land of Origin. At a glance, it did look like a clam demon with sharp teeth.
Nuwa explained to the Mountain Chieftains.
One of the Mountain Lords cupped his hands and suggested, "From the looks of it, Blackfoal Mountain is indeed fine. However, the citizens of Blackfoal Mountain are still in a state of panic. Goddess Nuwa, please inform the entire Blackfoal Mountain …"
"I neglected this point. It's my fault." Nuwa's eyes flashed.
Then, she took a deep breath, and an extremely penetrating voice rapidly spread throughout Mount Li.
"People of Mount Li, do not panic! Great changes have taken place in the Chaos. As you can see, there are heads everywhere. However, we have found a safe place. It is Luo Zheng's inner world. Once we enter this inner world, we will be able to ensure the safety of Mount Li! "
The Mountain Lords, the disciples of the Great Gate Masters, and even the citizens of the various cities were all shocked when they heard this.
To them, opening up an inner world was too easy.
But whose inner world could float in the Primal Chaos?
How could Li Shan be placed inside?
Even though it sounded absurd, it was still something that Mother Nuwa had said herself.
Nuwa's prestige in Mount Li was extremely high. Both the Nuwa Clan and the human race trusted her unconditionally.
The moment these words were said, the hearts of the Li Mountain citizens calmed down.
On a certain mountain peak, Ling Shuang and Feng Ge were shocked when they heard Luo Zheng's name again.
They had not seen this fellow for a while, but he could even bring out his inner world!
"Phew …"
After Mount Li flew dozens of kilometers, a portion of the mountain slowly entered the Land of Origin.
When everyone raised their heads, they saw rows upon rows of tooth-like bamboo shoots …
When the Land of Origin expanded, these bamboo shoots also expanded. When these thick bamboo shoots pressed down, they could directly crush Mount Li!
The process of swallowing Mount Li lasted for fourteen to fourteen hours. After Mount Li was completely absorbed, Luo Zheng said to "Senior Mo, please remove your enchantment."
"Hum …"
The enchantment on the surface of Mount Li disappeared.
A ripple came from the blood mist in the sky, and slender bamboo shoots drilled out of the ocean.
These bamboo shoots flew up from all directions and drilled into the bottom of Mount Li before firmly binding Mount Li to the ground.
The Land of Origin would continue to expand and might even encounter some unpredictable dangers. To prevent Mount Li from rolling around inside, the Origin Divine Blood came up with this countermeasure and firmly fixed Mount Li.
"Luo Zheng, what's your situation now?"
Fuxi approached Luo Zheng and asked.
"Me?
What's my situation? "
Luo Zheng was somewhat puzzled.
"You are now in your own inner world. Are you an inner body incarnation?"
Fuxi asked with a smile.
Nuwa, Donghuang, and the rest were also curious about this question. They all looked at Luo Zheng.
In theory, this was Luo Zheng's inner world, but Luo Zheng was now in his own inner world …
It was like a big cup containing a small gourd, and the small gourd contained the big cup. This created a logical paradox. Was it the cup that contained the gourd, or was it the gourd that contained the cup?
Luo Zheng was facing the same situation.
"This is not an inner body incarnation …" Luo Zheng shook his head. "This is!"
With a slight thought, an inner body incarnation identical to Luo Zheng condensed. The aura of this inner body incarnation was exactly the same as Luo Zheng's.
Then, a second, third, and fourth inner body incarnations appeared one after another …
In a short while, there were hundreds of inner body incarnations standing side by side with Luo Zheng. Each inner body incarnation had extraordinary strength.
"Wow," Fuxi exclaimed.
Even though Fuxi's prowess had increased tremendously, it was still difficult for him to deal with just one incarnation, let alone the fact that Luo Zheng could easily summon over a hundred incarnations. Without using any skills, they could easily crush Fuxi to death.
"It seems that we are destined to become members of Luo Zheng's inner world …" Donghuang sighed from the side.
Nuwa, on the other hand, had an indifferent look on her face as she said, "The Chaos World has reached this stage, and the battles within it have already far exceeded our imaginations. For Li Mountain to have the protection of this world is already a blessing."
"Li Mountain is lucky to have this world as its protection."
"It is lucky to have this world as its protection."
"It is lucky to have this world as its protection."
Luo Zheng stood to the side, listening attentively to Nuwa's words.
But all of a sudden, he felt a strange fluctuation, and Nuwa's words were repeated several times in his ears.
"Luo Zheng, what's wrong?"
Nuwa could see that Luo Zheng was a little uncomfortable.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "Nothing …"
Then, he waved his hand lightly, and all the inner body incarnations dispersed.
With Luo Zheng's current state, it was impossible for him to be hearing things. Perhaps it was because he had summoned too many inner body incarnations?
But just as he dispersed the inner body incarnations and looked up, he saw afterimages all over the sky.
There were dozens of Nuwa standing beside Nuwa.
There were dozens of Li Mountains standing beside Li Mountain …
The entire world was filled with afterimages!

Chapter 3754
These afterimages were very real and didn't seem to be illusions.
Luo Zheng shook his head and stared at the afterimages, which quickly converged back …
They did converge, but the afterimages were like overflowing water, trying to jump out of the body.
This phenomenon lasted for half an hour, and Luo Zheng was stunned for a while before he recovered.
Fuxi, Nuwa, Donghuang, and the others gathered around, looking concerned.
At this level of cultivation, it was impossible to be as dizzy as Luo Zheng unless he encountered a powerful soul pressure.
But who in this Inner World could affect Luo Zheng's soul?
"Luo Zheng, are you all right?"
Nuwa asked with concern.
After the afterimages disappeared, Luo Zheng came back to his senses. He looked around in a daze and said, "I saw many afterimages just now …"
"Afterimages?
Are you hallucinating? "
Fuxi said. He was inclined to think that Luo Zheng was under too much pressure and was seeing things.
"Illusion …"
At the mention of this, Luo Zheng frowned and then murmured, "It wasn't an illusion, it wasn't even an afterimage. It seemed to be real …"
"What?"
Nuwa, Fuxi, and Donghuang all looked at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at something.
But Luo Zheng became more and more certain. He pointed into the distance and said, "There were a total of 12 afterimages just now. I saw 12 Lady Nuwa, 10 Fuxi, 11 Li Shan, and 6 Donghuang. They really existed …"
Fuxi stared at Luo Zheng for a while and finally said, "Crazy, crazy, this guy must be crazy!"
"I'm not crazy," Luo Zheng said calmly, "Just now, there must have been a problem with the space. It definitely wasn't me!"
"But even if there was a problem with the space, why would there be 12 of me?"
Nuwa asked with a serious face.
Compared to Fuxi, Nuwa trusted Luo Zheng more.
If Luo Zheng said that it wasn't an illusion, then it definitely wasn't an illusion …
"I'm not sure." Luo Zheng shook his head.
The number of afterimages was not fixed. Nuwa had the most, and Donghuang had the least. Luo Zheng could not figure out the pattern.
"Indefinite signs, Luo Zheng, what you said might be indefinite signs …" At this moment, Ji's voice suddenly floated over.
Luo Zheng and Nuwa both looked at Ji on the jade platform. Nuwa asked first, "Ji, what is this indeterminate sign?"
"Only those who have a deep understanding of space can see the Indefinite Image," Ji continued. "In this cycle of chaos, the first to see the Indefinite Image should be Kong. After it comprehended the truth of space, it saw the Indefinite Image many times …"
"I remember that Kong even tried to show us that scene," Mo Yi said from the side.
The six Primal Chaos Ancient Gods didn't have too many conflicts at the beginning of the primordial chaos. What Mo spoke of was an extremely early memory.
"Yes, I have 20 indefinite signs …" Ji said. "Mo has 17 indefinite signs, Kong has the least, only 8 indefinite signs."
"But what exactly is this?"
Nuwa's curiosity was naturally stronger than others.
"Indefinite," Ji said. "Kong observed the Indefinite Image carefully. It said that the Indefinite Image is the same as itself …"
"Which means there are really 12 of me?"
Nuwa said.
"Kong said so. Its understanding of space is profound. What it can understand, we may not understand," Ji said. "Just from the perspective of life, I don't agree."
Ji, who controlled the truth of life, had his own definition of life.
"I remember Kong said that the Indefinite Image is the same as itself. Even if it squeezes the truth of space to the limit, it can't sense it. Only when the entire primal chaos ripples will there be an out-of-sync scene …" Ji said.
"Chaos ripples, when will there be such ripples?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"You should have experienced it before," Ji said.
Nuwa's eyes were the first to light up, "I know, it is the Sealing Stone!"
"Right." Ji nodded, "At the moment when the Sealing Stone appears, there will be a slight ripple in the primal chaos. At that moment, Kong can see other versions of himself."
According to the legends passed down in the Mother World, the Sealing Stone was a stone that fell from the Hourglass of Time. By relying on the Sealing Stone, one could calculate the lifespan of the Primal Chaos World.
When Luo Zheng first came to the Mother World, he had once fought for a Sealing Stone to fuse into his body. But after inheriting the Origin God Blood and rebuilding his fleshy body, both the Sealing Stone and the Spirit of Chaotic Origin had disappeared.
"It might be possible that another Sealing Stone appeared in the Mother World. And your current attainments in the Dao of Space are comparable to Kong. You can sense the ripples in the time sequence and see those Indefinite Images," Ji said.
This explanation was more reasonable.
Luo Zheng had grasped the Origin God Blood. His attainments in the Dao of Space were not any weaker than the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods. When the Sealing Stone descended, he saw the Indefinite Images.
But what exactly were the Indefinite Images? Kong had no answer. It was even more impossible for Luo Zheng to find the answer now.
"Compared to these Indefinite Images, I am more concerned about the End Ruins Graveyard," Nuwa suddenly said.
The End Ruins Graveyard was also a world floating within the Primal Chaos. This world would also be attacked by the heads.
"Oh right! The End Ruins Graveyard will also be attacked! "
Luo Zheng clapped his hands. His eyes were filled with worry.
According to their previous plan, the moment Li Shan found the inner world, they would change their direction and search for the End Ruins Graveyard!
By relying on that Mother Butterfly, Luo Zheng could easily sense the location of the Land of Origin and the End Ruins Graveyard.
If it was before, Luo Zheng would not be in a rush. He had sufficient time to find the End Ruins Graveyard.
But now, the End Ruins Graveyard was facing the attacks of those heads. He did not know if they could survive this calamity …
The expressions of Fuxi and the others turned grim.
Li Shan had three great Primal Chaos Ancient Gods and several Sempiternal realm experts. It would not be easy for him to deal with those heads.
The End Ruins Graveyard did not even have any Sempiternal realm experts. How could they deal with the attacks of those heads?
"Senior Mo, please change our direction. We will set off immediately," Luo Zheng said.
Although Li Shan was located inside the Land of Origin, he could open a crack in the Land of Origin for Li Shan to drive. Apart from Li Shan's own driving force, the Land of Origin would also cooperate. Their speed was naturally not slow.
…
Northwest of the Primal Chaos.
The End Ruins Graveyard floated there quietly.
The situation was indeed not optimistic. Hundreds of thousands of heads were attacking the End Ruins Graveyard.
These heads did not have any inclinations. As long as they caught something, they would crazily gnaw and devour it …
The Divine Realm had been absorbed into the center of the End Ruins Graveyard and was not destroyed. However, the gigantic tombstones around the End Ruins Graveyard had been gnawed to pieces.
It would be fine if these heads maintained their current form. Just the tombstones alone were enough for the heads to gnaw on for several years.
The living beings in the End Ruins Graveyard had enough time to think of a solution …
But after these heads gnawed on tombstones of the same size, their size doubled!
In just a few days, a few heads had become incomparably large. With the growth rate of these heads, it would not be long before they could devour the entire End Ruins Graveyard.

Chapter 3755
On the huge tombstone, several figures used Greater Teleportation.
Hum …
Several spatial passages appeared at the same time. Luo Xiao, Saint Jiu, Gu Bei, Leng Yao, and Aunt Han Jiu appeared at the same time.
In front of them was a head gnawing on a tombstone.
This head had just approached the Ultimate Graveyard not long ago, and it was twice the size of the first head.
"Let me attack first. Saint Jiu, follow me," Gu Bei said.
"What about me?"
Luo Xiao asked.
"You bring up the rear." Saint Jiu chuckled.
Luo Xiao's face revealed a trace of helplessness as he felt a little depressed.
In terms of strength, a Saint was similar to a Fifth or Sixth Firmament Nirvana Realm. However, with a powerful Nirvana Realm token, a Saint's strength could be multiplied.
However, Luo Xiao had listened to the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda Master and carried the butterfly. The Mysterious Yellow Pagoda had been destroyed just after carrying it, and now he did not even have the chance to regret it.
What was this!
Hum …
A huge seal appeared above Gu Bei's head. It was carved from the Seventeenth Firmament Ghost Rock, and its quality was extraordinary. The person who carved it was Taishang Laojun's fourth disciple, Xuan Du.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Gu Bei's figure flickered, and he appeared around the giant head.
Under normal circumstances, these heads would prioritize attacking living things.
However, they were gorging on the tombstone and could not react for a while.
"Seal of Punishment!"
Clap clap clap clap clap …
The seal was constantly stamped on the top, bottom, left, and right of the skull, and imprints appeared on the surface of the skull.
"Everyone, you can attack!"
Gu Bei said after stamping the seal.
Hum …
Aunt Han Jiu, Saint Jiu, Luo Xiao, and Leng Yao appeared around the head and attacked the imprints at the same time.
Their strength was not strong, and each of them only released one Jun of power.
However, in a breath's time, they attacked dozens of times.
One Jun of power could not cause any damage to the giant head, but it could trigger the Seal of Punishment!
Every time the Seal of Punishment was triggered, a penetrating force would spread into the target's body. This force was True Power, and it was powerful and could not be defended against!
This was the terrifying part of the Seal of Punishment!
The head was originally biting the tombstone carelessly, but suddenly, there were hundreds of powerful forces flowing inside it. After the head trembled, countless cracks appeared on its surface, and it shattered into pieces on the ground …
"Another one down!"
Aunt Hanjiu said with a smile.
"I should say that it wasn't easy to kill one." Saint Jiu's eyes were filled with worry.
The number of skulls was simply too many ….
Normally, when there were a lot of creatures, their individual bodies would be very small and weak. However, the individual heads were extremely strong. Saint Fang Shixing had been accidentally swallowed by one of the heads. Now, he could only obediently reform his body in the God Area.
"Let's find the next target," Luo Xiao said.
Just as they were about to use Greater Teleportation, a huge object suddenly rushed over from not far away. It was a head that was a hundred times bigger!
The speed of this head was unimaginably fast. It didn't give them any time to react. A huge mouth came down, wanting to swallow them whole.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The Sages all used Greater Teleportation and disappeared from where they were. In the next moment, they all appeared in the sky hundreds of miles away. They all had lingering fear.
If they were any slower, they would all be buried in the head's mouth.
"Where's Leng Yao?"
Kubei suddenly asked.
Saint Jiu looked around and said with a solemn expression, "I'm afraid he's already buried in the head's mouth!"
"Should we work together to kill it?"
Aunt Hanjiu asked with a frown.
"You and I are no match for a head that's a hundred times bigger. Let's go!"
Kubei decisively ordered a retreat.
At that moment, a figure walked out of the spatial passage.
"It's Hua Tianming!"
When the Sages saw Hua Tianming, their eyes lit up.
The current younger generation had completely surpassed them. For example, Jing Wuhuan, Yu Shenfeng, and the other disciples were all stronger than Kubei.
Among them, Hua Tianming was the most dazzling!
Now, Hua Tianming was the strongest person in the Ultimate Graveyard!
Hua Tianming nodded at the Sages and drew a sword.
Solitary Sword!
After carrying this sword, Hua Tianming realized how terrifying this sword was.
This sword had almost limitless destructive power!
Up until now, Hua Tianming had not squeezed out all of its power!
"Whoosh …"
Destructive power constantly flowed around Solitary Sword. Even someone as calm as Hua Tianming was infected by this violent destructive power. He swung his sword with a hint of satisfaction.
That power seemed to be unstoppable, tearing the head that was a hundred times bigger into pieces.
"Amazing. What a shocking power!"
Aunt Hanjiu praised.
Luo Xiao clasped his hands behind his back, a hint of pride in his eyes. After all, this was someone from his Great Evolution Realm.
But Hua Tianming held Solitary Sword in his hand, an indescribable expression on his face …
Hua Tianming was not compatible with this destructive power.
When he first took a fancy to Solitary Sword, Solitary Sword did not possess this destructive power.
Before he climbed up the thirty-third step, something must have happened to Solitary Sword for it to change like this.
Hua Tianming's intuition was sharp, but he would never have guessed that Luo Nian had tampered with the Holy Pillar and directly changed Solitary Sword's position.
To Solitary Sword, this "modification" was a repair and a strengthening.
After all, Solitary Sword's position was on the eleventh step, second only to the Serpent Spirit King's Saint Aide.
But Hua Tianming did not like it …
He cupped his hands at the Saints and prepared to use Space Diversion to leave.
There were already more than a hundred heads that were a hundred times bigger in the Ultimate graveyard. Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng could not deal with heads of this size, so they could only rely on Hua Tianming to deal with them alone.
Just as Hua Tianming was about to use Greater Shift, a voice rang out from the sword.
"You're too slow. Before you can deal with those heads, they'll have grown a thousand times, ten thousand times bigger. With the power of this sword, it's impossible to deal with them."
Hearing this voice, Hua Tianming was shocked. "Who is it?
Who's in my sword? "
Gu Bei, Luo Xiao, and the others saw Hua Tianming's reaction and found it strange.
"Hum …"
On Hua Tianming's sword, wisps of soul formed. Taishang Laojun and his four disciples appeared together.
Hua Tianming said in shock, "You're the old man in the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda. You're the master of the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda!"
"The master of the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda?"
"Why is he hiding in Solitary Sword!"
"…"
Gu Bei, Saint Jiu, and the others were shocked when they heard this.
If the old man was really the master of the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda, then he must also be the master of the Ultimate graveyard.
"That's me," Taishang Laojun replied calmly.
"Senior, do you have a way to save the Ultimate graveyard?"
Hua Tianming hurriedly asked.
Taishang Laojun looked around the Ultimate graveyard. The huge heads in the distance were still madly devouring everything that could be swallowed. Their bodies were growing at a speed visible to the naked eye. He said, "When we first planned this area, we also considered that this day would come, but this method can only be used once."

Chapter 3756
There were a total of six tombstones in the Ultimate Graveyard, one at the top and one at the bottom for the entrance and exit.
There were a few large areas inside the tombstones, and behind them was a lead-gray forest known as the Rotten Wood Field.
The Rotten Wood Field was gloomy and lifeless all year round. Not only did the humans dislike it, but even the natives of the Ultimate Graveyard hated it.
Hua Tianming used Greater Teleportation again and again, dashing towards the Rotten Wood Field.
The Sages followed closely behind.
Although Hua Tianming had inherited the thirty-three Nirvana Realm Token, his attainments in space were not much stronger than the Sages. The Sages were still able to keep up with Hua Tianming's footsteps.
"Buzz …" In the sky above the Rotten Wood Field, Hua Tianming and the Sages came out of the space tunnel.
Hua Tianming held his sword firmly and held it in front of him. Taishang Laojun's figure appeared again. He looked down and said, "With the rotten wood in the center as the center, clean up all the rotten wood within a ten-mile radius."
As soon as Taishang Laojun finished speaking, Aunt Hanjiu smiled faintly. "Let me do it!"
Aunt Hanjiu fell backward, falling straight into the Rotten Wood Field.
The moment she fell into the Rotten Wood Field, large patches of purple mist rose from the ground.
This purple mist quickly spread out, forming a huge circle in the Rotten Wood Field, covering a ten-mile radius.
Not one foot more, not one foot less.
"Whoosh!"
Then, a turbulent sword intent rose into the sky.
Within a ten-mile radius, every rotten wood was pierced by a purple sword.
After these purple swords rose into the sky, they went straight for Aunt Hanjiu, and finally gathered in her body.
The purple mist in the Rotten Wood Field dispersed, and all the rotten wood disappeared. The center of the Rotten Wood Field turned into a circular plain.
"Very unique technique." Taishang Laojun glanced at Aunt Hanjiu.
In the face of this old man's praise, Aunt Hanjiu smiled slightly, and her heart surged. To be praised by the master of the Black Yellow Pagoda meant that her Great Purple Qi Art was indeed unique.
Taishang Laojun's soul then jumped down and stood on the plain.
With a light stomp of his foot, a golden ray of light began to expand around him.
Circles of stone formations appeared on the ground … "This formation … originally existed under the rotten wood." Gu Bei's face was filled with astonishment.
Gu Bei had stayed in the Bottomless Graveyard for a long time, but he had never heard of a formation hidden here. Even the natives of the Bottomless Graveyard had not noticed it, much less Gu Bei.
"Yes, this place was prepared for today," Old Lord Taishang said.
Then, Taishang Laojun began to control the formation … When the formation was activated, the entire Rotten Wood Field trembled, and the six tombstones that had been bitten started to glow.
When the array was fully activated, Taishang Laojun lightly tapped the center of the array and spat out a word, "Activate!"
"Rumble, rumble, rumble, rumble …" The rotten wood trembled even more violently.
"Hua!"
Inside the Rotten Wood Forest, a huge dragon-shaped mark suddenly lit up. Then, a light dragon soared into the sky and flew towards the head on the tombstone.
"Wow! Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh … "Huge dragon-shaped marks appeared one after another, and the light dragons rushed into the sky like dense raindrops.
In a few breaths' time, tens of thousands of light dragons rushed out … Hua Tianming, Gu Bei, Luo Xiao, Jiu Sheng, and Auntie Han Jiu stared blankly at this scene, shocked by the terrifying energy.
A single light dragon was nothing, and the power of Hua Tianming's sword far surpassed it.
But in a few breaths' time, tens of thousands of light dragons had appeared. These light dragons were endless, and in the end, there might be millions or even tens of millions of them. No matter how strong an existence was, it would be difficult to resist! "What's happening over at the rotten wood field?!"
"What a terrifying energy reaction!"
"Is this the Bottomless Graveyard's secret weapon?"
The living beings in other parts of the Bottomless Graveyard also saw this scene.
Because of the invasion of the heads, the humans and the other races were in despair. They had never imagined that the Bottomless Graveyard would have such a secret weapon, and their hearts surged.
The light dragons seemed to have a mind of their own as they rushed towards the heads on the tombstones.
Regardless of whether it was the primitive heads or the gigantic heads that were hundreds or thousands of times larger, they were instantly drowned by the light dragons. Following that, huge balls of light erupted one after another.
The dazzling balls of light were like bursting suns, and the light that could not be looked at directly scattered all over the graveyard.
This situation lasted for five minutes … When all the balls of light dimmed, the light dragons were gone, and the light dragons wreaking havoc on the gigantic tombstones also disappeared.
"It's a success!"
Jiu Sheng said, "So the Bottomless Graveyard is this powerful!"
Luo Xiao could not suppress the excitement in his heart.
Hua Tianming asked in high spirits, "Senior, how many times can this array be used?"
Gu Bei, Auntie Han Jiu, and the others were also concerned about this question.
Taishang Laojun slowly raised his hand and said, "Once. After this, the array's energy will be completely depleted …" The Sages fell silent, somewhat depressed.
Hua Tianming said indignantly, "However, with Senior's great divine powers, you will eventually lead us through this calamity."
This old man was the owner of the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda! Luo Xiao, Gu Bei, and the others were still hoping that the old man would reactivate the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda, but they did not have the chance to ask earlier.
Unexpectedly, Taishang Laojun sighed and said, "According to the initial preparations, I should indeed be standing in the Bottomless Graveyard and leading you through this calamity. However, things have changed …" "What change?"
Hua Tianming asked again.
"Nothing …" The change that Taishang Laojun was referring to was Luo Zheng's success in opening up the Land of Beginnings, so the Bottomless Graveyard had to retreat as a backup.
If not for Luo Zheng's success, Taishang Laojun would have bet everything on the Bottomless Graveyard.
However, he did not want to break this point, as it would be too much of a blow to their confidence.
After thinking for a while, Taishang Laojun tried to smooth things over. "This change was caused by the sudden attack on the Black Yellow Pagoda of Heaven and Earth. Now, it has been completely destroyed. My four disciples and I are dead. However, I had a premonition and placed a strand of my soul into the sword.
The destruction of the pagoda, death … Hua Tianming and the Sages were stunned.
The mighty person who created the Bottomless Graveyard and the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda had died, so what kind of terrifying existence was his opponent?
"If that's the case, how are we going to fight against these heads …" Gu Bei said with a serious expression.
Although the old man had activated the formation to clean up all the heads, there were still more heads in the chaos.
"You can't deal with them," Taishang Laojun said.
"Then isn't there no hope …" Luo Xiao muttered.
Hearing that the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda had been destroyed, Luo Xiao was devastated. He had been hoping to exchange for a Paramita token, but this thought was now extinguished by the old man's words. Furthermore, the old man said that they could not even stay in the Bottomless Graveyard! "No, there's still hope," Taishang Laojun said with a smile. "The hope lies in you."

Chapter 3757
Luo Xiao was confused by Taishang Laojun's words. "Senior, what hope?
Why do you place your hopes on me? "
Kubei was the first to react. "Because of the butterfly you're carrying?"
Taishang Laojun nodded.
"That butterfly … does it have any secrets?"
Luo Xiao asked.
"If he's willing … he should be able to save the entire Ultimate Cemetery," Taishang Laojun said calmly.
Actually, Taishang Laojun no longer cared about the Ultimate Cemetery.
He had bet everything on Luo Zheng, so this place was not essential at all.
He and his disciples had left their souls behind to be spectators. Even if Luo Zheng did not come, it did not matter.
However, Taishang Laojun knew that Luo Zheng would definitely come.
After all, the divine territory was here, and so were his parents.
"Him?
Who is it? "
Luo Xiao asked again.
Taishang Laojun smiled faintly. His figure became fainter and fainter, returning to Hua Tianming's sword. He left only one sentence. "Hold on, he should be here …"
After Taishang Laojun disappeared, everyone fell silent. They could not think of anyone who would come to save them.
In terms of strength, Hua Tianming had climbed up the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda's 33rd step and was already a powerhouse of the 33 Heavens. Even in the perspective of the primal chaos, he was a peak existence. Luo Zheng probably didn't have such luck or ability in his homeworld.
Could it be that this person was even more powerful than Hua Tianming?
Although no one said anything, deep down, they still had a big question mark over the old man's words.
This old man did not make any promises. He was not even sure. His words were more like encouragement for them to persevere in the face of their predicament.
"No matter what, the Ultimate Cemetery is our last place of survival. Let us persevere until reinforcements arrive," Kubei suddenly said solemnly.
Outside the Ultimate Cemetery …
All the heads of various sizes had been cleared away.
But there were still many heads in the distance who were attracted.
After the incident at the rotten wood, the various foreign races in the Ultimate Cemetery sent people to inquire.
Gu Bei did not hide anything and told the strange races everything they knew. At the same time, he also told the strange races what the old man had told him.
The human heart was very subtle.
The natives of the Sinkhole Graveyard were still holding back against the head's attack.
On one hand, they were suspicious of each other, and even of the human race. On the other hand, they had all made plans to escape.
Once the Sinkhole Graveyard was completely breached, they would gather their remaining forces and flee.
Although there seemed to be countless skulls, perhaps they were only scattered around the Ultimate Cemetery?
With these two preparations, the Outsiders were able to preserve a considerable amount of strength.
However, Xiu Mu's countless light dragons made the natives excited.
The Sinkhole Graveyard was indeed protected by a mighty figure!
Kubei's words made them even more excited, and they used all the power they had been holding back!
Powerful human beings and non-humankind beings all moved out in full force.
As long as a head approached, it would be killed before it could sprout to prevent it from devouring and growing stronger.
In the first three days, not a single head had survived the combined attack of the various races in the Sinkhole Graveyard.
But on the fourth day, the situation changed.
The number of heads had increased …
Among the heads that invaded the Sinkhole Graveyard, there were many heads that were ten or twenty times the size.
Although the clansmen attacked with all their might, there were still some that escaped, and many of them even died in the mouths of the heads.
Once these heads entered the Sinkhole Graveyard, they could grow like snowballs through devouring. This was also why they were so terrifying.
On the fifth day, hundreds of heads that were a hundred times the size had appeared in the Sinkhole Graveyard, and there were even two heads that were a thousand times the size …
The Nirvana Realm powerhouses of the various races fell one after another, and many of the Saints in the divine territory also died!
If the two heads that were a thousand times the size were allowed to continue devouring, they would grow to be even bigger than the Sinkhole Graveyard in a day at most!
But even Hua Tianming was powerless against such a colossus. With the help of dozens of Nirvana Realm powerhouses, Hua Tianming attacked one of the heads that was a thousand times the size, but the result was not satisfactory.
Although he heavily injured the head that was a thousand times the size, almost half of the Nirvana Realm powerhouses died!
The situation in the Sinkhole Graveyard fell into danger again …
Hua Tianming stood in the void and stared at the colossal head in the distance. He held his lone sword in front of him and asked, "Senior, is there really no other way for the Sinkhole Graveyard?"
Taishang Laojun did not respond.
The answer was obvious …
The Sinkhole Graveyard was now like a cub that had been pushed into a colosseum. Even if Hua Tianming had unexpectedly become the cub's sharpest claw, they did not have the ability to compete in this battle of demotion.
Other than persevering in despair, there was no other choice.
Six hours later, the other head that was a thousand times the size grew to ten thousand times the size again.
That colossal head could be seen from every corner of the graveyard. The old, young, women, and children hiding in the depths of the graveyard looked at that colossal creature and began to panic.
The divine territory that was originally quietly docked in the graveyard began to activate.
After Luo Zheng left, the divine territory ship was controlled by the reincarnated Yuan Chengdao.
Yuan Chengdao was also paying close attention to this calamity in the Sinkhole Graveyard. Seeing that the Sinkhole Graveyard was about to be devoured, he naturally would not sit still and wait for death.
Once the Sinkhole Graveyard was broken, he would drive the divine territory and rush out immediately …
Another two hours passed.
The colossal tombstone was devoured, and the head that was ten thousand times the size grew again, becoming twenty thousand times the size.
Despair spread in the hearts of every living creature.
"Senior, if I burn my lone sword, can I cut off that head?"
Hua Tianming asked.
Burning the Nirvana token could unleash a great power.
If the lone sword was burned, it would be even more unimaginable.
However, it would attract the punishment of truth …
This punishment could not even save the fire of memory. Hua Tianming would definitely not have the possibility of being reborn.
Taishang Laojun still did not respond.
If it was time to burn the Nirvana token, it would mean that the Sinkhole Graveyard was completely hopeless.
Hua Tianming did not think so. The word "give up" never existed in his eyes.
If it was time to sacrifice himself, he would not hesitate in the slightest.
He stretched out his hand and gently stroked the blade of the sword, his eyes suddenly widening. Just as he was about to act, Gu Bei's voice came from not far away. "Something is coming …"
Hua Tianming suddenly turned his head and looked into the distance.
In the depths of the chaos, he could see something the size of a soybean.
"It's so fast!"
Luo Xiao said.
The size of the soybean quickly became the size of a date pit, and then the size of a walnut.
Slowly, the full appearance of that thing appeared in front of everyone. It was a giant clam with its mouth wide open.
"Is that hope?"
Luo Xiao asked.
Aunt Hanjiu shrugged her shoulders. "It looks more like despair."
No matter how one looked at it, this ugly giant clam with sharp teeth did not look like it was here to save them.

Chapter 3758
As they were too far away, they were unable to determine the true size of the giant clam.
However, as the giant clam approached and grew larger, the shock on the faces of the Saints, Outsiders, and Nirvana Realm experts became more and more intense.
The Divine Territory was already large enough, and the Ultimate Cemetery was more than ten times larger than the Divine Territory. However, this giant clam was several times larger than the Ultimate Cemetery …
The giant clam was heading straight for the Ultimate Cemetery, without any turns or stops along the way.
Everyone looked at the rapidly growing heads and then at the rapidly approaching giant clam. Their hearts felt like they had fallen into an endless abyss.
The Ultimate Cemetery was completely hopeless.
When the giant clam was hundreds of thousands of miles away from the Ultimate Cemetery, the jagged crack had already opened.
Its speed had also slowed down, as if a giant had slowed down in order to taste a delicacy …
"Stop, it's useless to struggle …" Saint Jiu said helplessly.
Even if they cleared the heads now, the Ultimate Cemetery would not come down. It was destined to be swallowed by the giant creature.
No matter how hard they tried, they would just die in another way.
Even Hua Tianming, who had been fighting day and night, put away his sword. After distancing himself from the heads, he looked up to the sky. It was hard to tell whether he was happy or sad.
At the top of the Divine Territory, there was another group of people watching. Most of them were perfected True Gods.
For example, Mu Xuerong, who had fallen but was reborn because of Mu Ning's plea, had now cultivated to perfection and was focusing on comprehending the true meaning of Dao.
Originally, with her talent, it would not take long for her to cultivate the true meaning of Dao and ring the bell to reach the Nirvana Realm.
Who knew that before the true meaning of Dao could be fully cultivated, the bad news came. The bell was broken …
During this period, Mu Xuerong had been depressed. Who knew that she would encounter an even greater danger? Now that the Ultimate Cemetery could not be protected and the Divine Territory could not escape, she had inexplicably fallen into a dead end.
Not far in front of Mu Xuerong, there was a Sixth Level Nirvana Realm expert standing with his hands behind his back. It was Luo Xiao's disciple, Yu Taibai.
In order to break through to the Seventh Level of the Nirvana Realm, Yu Taibai had been in seclusion for a long time.
He was as depressed as Mu Xuerong. He was prepared to ring the bell after breaking out of seclusion. How did the bell break?
A few days later, the Ultimate Cemetery suffered a calamity!
From the looks of it, no one could escape?
"Phew …"
"Boom!"
"Ka ka ka …"
Amidst the gnawing of the heads, a tombstone that was even larger than the Divine Realm was broken.
The sound of such a huge tombstone collapsing was earth-shattering. Who knew how many living beings were crushed under the tombstone …
However, despite such a huge commotion, the experts in the Sinkhole Graveyard were not concerned at all. They did not even take a second look.
The indescribably huge "clam" was already close. It opened its huge mouth and swallowed the entire Ultimate Graveyard whole.
"What big … teeth!"
Yu Shenfeng's eyes widened.
"It looks like some kind of plant," Jing Wu Huan said with a frown.
"The wonders of the natural world are truly admirable," Yu Shenfeng continued.
"Wait until these teeth close and grind you into a pulp, then you won't be praising me anymore." Jing Wu Huan glanced at him.
If the two sides of the giant clam were to combine, it could crush the entire Ultimate graveyard, along with the tombstones, the divine domain, and the skulls.
Almost everyone's hearts were in their throats. However, Yu Shenfeng said heartlessly, "It hasn't closed its mouth yet. Does it not intend to close it?"
Jing Wu Huan had nothing to say. Yu Shenfeng had always been this optimistic.
The Ultimate Graveyard was already deep inside the giant clam. Logically speaking, the teeth should have come down directly.
Why was the giant clam not moving?
This question also lingered in the minds of the others …
Could it be that the giant clam was planning to use other methods to deal with the Ultimate Graveyard?
Or was it going to let the Ultimate Graveyard go?
An unrealistic hope rose in their hearts.
After waiting for a while, the Ultimate Graveyard flew past the area of teeth. The giant clam indeed did not attack.
Not long after flying past the area of teeth, they saw a floating mountain in the distance.
It was an unimaginably huge mountain.
"Why is there such a huge mountain!"
"I thought the tombstones in the Ultimate Graveyard were big enough. Compared to this mountain, they seem so small!"
"What mountain is this?"
Everyone in the Ultimate Graveyard looked up at the mountain. It was no longer a mountain, but a suffocating feeling!
At that moment, Li Luoshui and Lingshu appeared at the top of the Divine Domain.
"Mistress." Yu Taibai bowed to Li Luoshui.
Li Luoshui waved her hand and took two steps forward. Her eyes were filled with suspicion. "This seems to be … Mount Li?"
"Mount Li?
Sister, are you sure? "
Lingshu had a look of disbelief.
Lingshu was still young back then. Although she knew of Mount Li, she had never been there.
However, Li Luoshui had been to Mount Li before. She had once climbed to the top of the mountain and looked down at the entire Mount Li.
However, Mount Li was the size of a state. Even if one stood at the top of the mountain, it was difficult to see the entire mountain. Furthermore, the Chaos Ancient Gods had modified Mount Li. Its appearance had changed quite a bit …
For a moment, Li Luoshui did not dare to be certain.
"Luoshui, this is Mount Li." Yuan Chengdao's voice sounded from the Divine Domain.
Yuan Chengdao was inside the Sun. He could see more clearly through the Divine Domain.
"But isn't Mount Li in the Mother World?
Why is it in the giant clam's stomach … "Li Luoshui asked suspiciously.
"I'm not sure. Perhaps something big happened in the Mother World," Yuan Chengdao deduced.
Something big happened in the Mother World …
At the mention of this, Li Luoshui's heart sank slightly.
She did not know how Zheng 'er, Yan' er, and Nian 'er were doing in the Mother World. After going to the Mother World, there had been no news of them. It would be a lie to say that she was not worried.
Just as everyone was watching with great concern, the 20,000-fold head had completely devoured a tombstone. Its body had grown to 50,000 times its size.
This huge head had abandoned the other tombstones and was heading straight for the Divine Domain!
Yuan Chengdao was originally wary of this huge head.
However, his attention had just shifted to Mount Li and he had been momentarily careless.
Seeing the huge head heading straight for him, Yuan Chengdao had a bad feeling.
He wanted to control the Divine Domain to escape, but it was already too late. The 50,000-fold head had already reached the end of the Divine Domain in a few breaths.
The people outside the Divine Domain looked at the head with its mouth open. They all had sorrowful expressions.
The people in the Divine Domain were completely unaware of the imminent danger. They continued with their lives step by step.
"The Divine Domain is finished after all …"
Hua Tianming's voice was very relaxed.
In any case, it would not be long before everyone died.
It did not matter if it was a little earlier or a little later.
He no longer felt despair in his heart. Instead, he felt calm after accepting his fate.
"It's not over." Taishang Laojun's voice came out of the sword without missing a beat.
Hua Tianming did not feel much when he heard this voice. No matter how powerful this old man was, it was all in the past.
A wisp of remnant soul could not save anyone. It was precisely because of this that he was unwilling to respond to him. Hua Tianming felt that he had guessed the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda Master's thoughts.
However, he still asked lazily, "Why?"
"Because that is hope," Taishang Laojun said.
As soon as he finished speaking, Hua Tianming saw a blurry figure appear on top of the 50,000-fold head.
Compared to the 50,000-fold head, the figure was like an undetectable speck of dust.
It was only because Hua Tianming's amazing eyesight that he caught sight of the dust-like figure.

Chapter 3759
Apart from Hua Tianming who noticed the blurry figure, Gu Bei, Luo Xiao, Li Luoshui, Yu Taibai, and the others also saw it.
"Who's that?"
"Someone from the Ultimate Graveyard?"
"What's he trying to do?
Challenging the head all by himself?
That's impossible … "
In their eyes, Hua Tianming's power was the strongest in the Chaotic World. After all, there was no Paramita Token stronger than the 33rd level.
Even Li Luoshui, Yuan Chengdao, and the others admitted this.
If Hua Tianming couldn't deal with this 50,000x head, who else could?
But they didn't know that the Paramita Token wasn't the only power in the Chaotic World. For example, the power Luo Zheng was using was the omnipotent power that every Divine Sea Realm cultivator possessed.
The prerequisite for using this power was to be in the Inner World …
The 50,000x head didn't notice Luo Zheng's "speck of dust." It opened its mouth and bit down on the Divine Realm.
This bite was enough to swallow a third of the Divine Realm, but at this moment, its head seemed to be frozen. A formless force appeared between its upper and lower jaws, holding its big mouth open. It could not take another bite.
"Give me some power," Luo Zheng said.
"No problem …" the Origin Divine Blood replied.
The bloody mist in the sky flickered, as if there were blood-colored lightning shuttling through it.
Luo Zheng stretched out a hand and pinched the air. Then, he flew up and circled in the air. At the same time, he roared, "Rise!"
"Whoosh …"
The 50,000x head was lifted up by Luo Zheng!
Hua Tianming, Gu Bei, Luo Xiao, Li Luoshui, Yu Taibai, and Mu Xuerong were all stunned.
That blurry figure was brave enough to appear on top of the 50,000x head, but they didn't believe that this blurry figure could bring about any changes …
In the end, the blurry figure had lifted the head with a strength of 50,000 times and even flung it away?
What did this mean?
The head wasn't much smaller than the Divine Realm. This meant that this person could lift the Divine Realm!
"Master's wife, is there such a powerful person in the Inner World?"
Yu Taibai asked.
Previously, Yu Taibai had inquired Li Luoshui about this. Eighth Heaven Nirvana Realm was considered a decent existence in the Mother World. Those major factions would also focus on nurturing their disciples. This gave Yu Taibai a boost of confidence.
But this existence that raised the Divine Realm with one hand had completely exceeded the scope of the Nirvana Realm, right?
"No! They don't exist! "
Li Luoshui replied with certainty.
Yu Taibai's eyes twitched. Where did this monster come from?!
Inside the sun in the Divine Dominion.
Yuan Chengdao's body kept trembling, and there was an uncontrollable excitement on his face.
Others couldn't see who it was because they were too far away, but Yuan Chengdao could see it clearly through the vision of the Divine Territory.
That was Luo Zheng …
Although they looked exactly the same, Yuan Chengdao was still not sure.
Before he left, Luo Zheng was still asking him for advice on the Immortal Sword Luck. He was only a True God at the Great Completeness and had not even stepped into the Nirvana Realm.
Had it already reached such an inconceivable level?
Yuan Chengdao came from the mother world, so he was not considered an ignorant person.
As a Nirvana Realm cultivator, he had probably seen the ability of an Immortal Realm cultivator, but which Immortal Realm cultivator had such power?
Whoosh!
A bloody gleam shot out of the sky that was formed by the bloody mist. Luo Zheng was bathed in the bloody gleam, and he turned into a bloody man.
"Buzz …"
Luo Zheng, who was covered in blood, extended a bloody sword from his hand and charged toward the 50,000-fold head. His bloody body flashed as if he had completely ignored the space rule.
The bloody sword slashed gently the moment it got close.
Under normal circumstances, the bloody sword could only cause a wound that was four to five inches deep.
To the 50,000-fold head, the damage caused was almost nothing.
Others couldn't see what was happening clearly. Only Yuan Chengdao saw a bloody gleam penetrating the 50,000-fold head through the vision of the Divine Territory.
A soft sound came from the 50,000-fold head.
The sound was like a charcoal brush brushing across paper or a breeze blowing through a bamboo forest …
After a short while, the 50,000-fold head began to fall apart.
There were hundreds of millions of pieces of the head. It was like a massive landslide or a meteor shower falling to the ground.
The Sinkhole graveyard remained silent even after all the heads had been scattered.
There was dead silence.
Until now, the living beings in the Ultimate cemetery had no idea what had happened.
The only thing that gave them some confidence was that the person who had cleared the 50,000-fold head was a human, or rather, an existence that looked like a human.
After chopping off the 50,000-fold head, Luo Zheng glanced around and locked his eyes on Li Luoshui, who was at the top of the Divine Territory.
A red bloody gleam flashed, and Luo Zheng appeared before Li Luoshui.
Li Luoshui, Lingshu, and Yu Taibai were shocked to see the bloody man appear all of a sudden. Yu Taibai was one step ahead and stood in front of his master's wife, even though he knew what he was doing was meaningless …
Li Luoshui looked at the bloody man's figure and suddenly felt a sense of familiarity. She could not help but call out, "Zheng … Zheng 'er?"
Lingshu glanced at her sister and felt a little upset. Was her sister under too much pressure that she was losing her mind?
What if she offended this bloody man by randomly acknowledging him as her son?
"Luo Zheng …" Yu Taibai called out.
The bloody gleam on Luo Zheng's body faded, revealing his true appearance.
Because it was an internal incarnation, Luo Zheng did not have any special aura on him. He was like a blade of grass or a rock in the Land of Origin. He was everything, but also nothing.
Lingshu turned and glared at Yu Taibai. Why are you losing your mind too?
She immediately sensed that something was wrong and looked at the bloody man. When she saw Luo Zheng's figure, she froze.
Mu Xuerong, who was not far away, looked like she had been struck by lightning.
After her rebirth, she had slowly grown from an infant to an adult, and her performance was as outstanding as ever.
But in the depths of her heart, there had always been a nightmare, and this nightmare was Luo Zheng.
She knew that her life was given to her by her sister, who had begged Luo Zheng for pity. She also knew that Luo Zheng had gone to the distant Mother World in search of greater power.
If Luo Zheng returned one day, she hoped that she would be able to surpass him …
This was a thought that Mu Xuerong had never expressed.
When the resources of the Ultimate Graveyard were completely opened up, and the strength of the Paragons in the Divine Domain increased by leaps and bounds, she felt that her wish could be achieved.
Hua Tianming had reached level 33. It was said that the strongest existence in the Mother World was only at this level, right?
As long as she cultivated the true meaning of the Dao, the possibility of catching up to Luo Zheng was very high.
Now that she saw Luo Zheng, Mu Xuerong suddenly felt that her thoughts were very childish, just like her thirteen-year-old body. The opponent that she had assumed because she was unwilling to accept defeat was an existence that could not be measured.

Chapter 3760
Luo Xiao, Hua Tianming, Gu Bei, and the others were on the outer tombstones.
They could not see what had happened at the top of the divine territory, but they saw the 50,000x head being thrown into the air and turned into pieces … Gu Bei was stunned for a while before he said, "This is a miracle …" "Whether it's a miracle or not, at least it saved the divine territory," Saint Jiu said with a smile.
"That bloody man is standing at the top of the divine territory! Let's go take a look! "
As Luo Xiao spoke, a spatial fluctuation appeared on the surface of his body. He immediately entered the spatial tunnel and flew in the direction of the divine territory.
"There are still heads that haven't been dealt with …" Hua Tianming said.
Before he could finish speaking, the Saints had all run away.
Hua Tianming also wanted to go to the top of the divine territory to see who exactly that person was and how he had such an incredible ability.
However, when he thought of leaving these heads alone, Hua Tianming suppressed his curiosity and went straight to the nearest 1,000x head.
"Solitary Sword!"
Just as Hua Tianming took out the Paramita Token, he saw a figure appear at the top of the 1,000x head. It was a blood-red figure … This blood-red figure held a blood-red sword and stabbed into the 1,000x head. The 1,000x head immediately turned into countless pieces and fell in front of Hua Tianming.
"Whoosh …" The blood-red figure quickly dispersed.
However, before dispersing, he turned around and sized up Hua Tianming.
With just one glance, Hua Tianming was stunned.
Although the figure was covered in a thick layer of dark red blood and his appearance could not be seen, the outline of his face gave Hua Tianming a strong sense of familiarity. That was Luo Zheng's face! "Whoosh …" The blood-red figure disappeared in front of Hua Tianming.
"I must be overthinking it. How could it be Luo Zheng …" Hua Tianming shook his head.
His gaze locked onto the next head. It was an 800x head, and a blood-red figure also appeared on this 800x head.
"In an instant?
Or … a clone! "
Hua Tianming observed even more heads and realized that a blood-red figure had appeared on each head.
There were still tens of thousands of heads of various sizes in the Ultimate cemetery. Tens of thousands of blood-red figures attacked, and in a short while, these heads were all cleaned up by the blood-red figures.
"There are so many clones, and they are so powerful. Looks like I did something unnecessary …" Hua Tianming said as he flew toward the top of the divine territory with a bitter smile.
At the top of the Divine Domain, Li Luoshui hugged Luo Zheng tightly in her arms. There was even a faint trace of sobbing.
Lingshu walked around Luo Zheng.
She looked at her nephew from head to toe, trying to make a comparison between him and Luo Zheng in her impression.
Apart from his appearance, Luo Zheng's aura was completely different from before.
Back then, Luo Zheng had already grasped two True Meanings of Dao. Both True Meanings of Dao had influenced Luo Zheng's temperament. His straightforward nature hid a sharp edge.
Now, Luo Zheng seemed to have nothing … If this fellow hadn't just tossed the 500x head into the sky, Lingshu would have thought that he was the same kind of person.
"Mother, Zheng 'er did not complete grandfather's task. The situation in the mother world is very complicated. It is no longer the same as before. I couldn't even kill my enemy. Ji Xuanyuan and Shennong are dead, but they were killed by others. However, I found the remnants of the Jiuli tribe. They are all in Mount Li," Luo Zheng said to Li Luoshui.
Li Luoshui looked at Luo Zheng's face. Although her eyes were red, they were still filled with joy. "You've done very well … Where's Yan 'er?
Is Yan 'er well? "
"She's fine. She's in Mount Li now," Luo Zheng said.
"What about Nian 'er?"
Li Luoshui asked again.
"He … is fine." Luo Zheng hesitated.
News of Luo Nian had been obtained from Old Lord Taishang's eldest disciple, Du Zhen. Luo Zheng found it difficult to describe the state of the Xuanliang World to Li Luoshui.
However, Luo Zheng's hesitation made Li Luoshui unable to remain calm. "What's wrong with Nian 'er?
Did something happen? "
"It's a long story. He's not in the Chaos …" Luo Zheng could only brace himself and explain.
"What do you mean it's a long story? He's my biological grandson. You have to explain …" Lingshu chimed in.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt a headache coming on.
At this moment, there was another wave of spatial fluctuations.
Gu Bei, Luo Xiao, Saint Jiu, Aunt Hanjiu, and the other Saints walked out of the spatial passage.
The moment they focused their gazes on Luo Zheng, their gazes froze. A wave of unease rose in their hearts.
When the most impossible thing happened, it always gave people a feeling of absurdity.
"Luo Zheng, were you the one who tossed the 500x head up?"
Luo Xiao asked.
"That's me." Luo Zheng nodded.
"How did you do it?"
Luo Xiao asked again.
The answer to this riddle was too attractive. Luo Xiao had no other thoughts in his mind at this moment. He just wanted to know the answer … Gu Bei, Saint Jiu, and Aunt Hanjiu probably had the same thought. Their eyes were fixed on Luo Zheng like torches.
"Because this is the world in my body," Luo Zheng answered. "With the power of omniscience and omnipotence, I can do it!"
"The world in your body …" Luo Xiao took a deep breath.
The Sages suddenly came to a realization, while Gu Bei said, "Is it because of the Equipment Refining Method and the Primal Chaos Secret Technique?"
Lord Laojun of the Heavens had given this set of plans to Gu Bei, and Gu Bei had taught it to Luo Zheng in two steps. The first was the Grand Tool Refining Method, and the second was the Chaos Secret Technique.
At that time, Gu Bei knew that the world in his body cultivated using this method was completely different from the ordinary world in his body.
However, he did not expect the world in his body to become so huge! When Luo Zheng saw Gu Bei, he took a few steps forward and bowed to him. "Disciple Luo Zheng greets Master!"
Luo Zheng had seen Gu Bei in the Immortal Mansion, but that was only an illusion left behind by Gu Bei.
Now, Luo Zheng was meeting his Master for the first time … "Quickly, please get up!"
Gu Bei hurriedly helped Luo Zheng up. "Although I took you in as my disciple, it was at your father's invitation. My motives are no longer pure, and I have never personally taught you. Now that your cultivation is unfathomable, I am ashamed to accept you as my Master!"
"A teacher for a day is a father for life. How can the difference between a Master and a disciple be determined by strength alone?
If that's the case, Eldest Senior Brother, Second Senior Brother will also not acknowledge me as your Master? "
Luo Zheng knelt on the ground and refused to get up.
Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng's strength had already surpassed Gu Bei's, but they still acknowledged him as their Master.
"Brother Bei, that's right. You recognize Jing Wuhuan and Yu Shenfeng, but why can't you recognize Luo Zheng?"
Luo Xiao said from the side.
Gu Bei nodded. "It's my fault. Having a disciple like Zheng 'er is probably the best thing I've done in my life!"
As he spoke, he finally helped Luo Zheng up.
At this time, Hua Tianming, Jing Wuhuan, and Yu Shenfeng also came out of the spatial passage.
When they first saw Luo Zheng, they all looked like they had seen a ghost. Yu Shenfeng's eyes were especially wide open.

Chapter 3761
"Eldest Senior Brother! Second Senior Brother! "
Luo Zheng bowed to the two of them.
Jing Wuhuan hurriedly returned the greeting. "Brother Luo Zheng, how have you been?"
Yu Shenfeng and Luo Zheng didn't feel distant at all.
He came over and carefully sized up Luo Zheng, even sniffing his scent. "Junior Brother, which Nirvana Realm are you at now?"
"Which Nirvana Realm …"
This question stumped Luo Zheng.
Although he had entered the Trayastrimsa Realm, he hadn't fused with the Nirvana Realm token, and the one he carried wasn't of a high rank.
To be precise, he was in the Immortal Realm …
"I'm at the 20th Realm! Although I didn't get the Nirvana Realm token, mainly because the Black Yellow Pagoda was broken, "Yu Shenfeng said to himself." But I fused with a Sacred Armor from the 19th Realm! "
As he spoke, he took out the Nirvana Realm token.
A blue Nirvana Realm token appeared on Yu Shenfeng's body. The Sacred Armor released a very unique aura, as if it contained some mysterious power.
"A mysterious Nirvana Realm token," Luo Zheng judged at a glance.
"Yes!"
Yu Shenfeng said confidently. "Do you want to try?
Even if you have endless power, you might not be able to take me down! "
"Shenfeng, Zheng 'er just returned, don't be rude …" Gu Bei was speechless. This disciple of his was talented, but he was always a little stupid.
Jing Wuhuan also looked at Yu Shenfeng as if he was looking at an idiot.
But Yu Shenfeng's character was like that. He planned to fight with Luo Zheng when he returned one day.
Although Luo Zheng showed unbelievable power, Yu Shenfeng didn't give up on this idea.
"If Second Senior Brother insists on asking, I won't dare to disobey," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"Junior Brother, his Sacred Armor is very special. If you're trapped, even Brother Tianming can't break it, no matter how strong you are …" Jing Wuhuan reminded him.
Jing Wuhuan knew that Yu Shenfeng was no match for Luo Zheng, but he didn't want Luo Zheng to be embarrassed by the Sacred Armor.
But Yu Shenfeng was already restless. "Junior Brother! Be careful! "
Traces of light appeared on the surface of the Holy Armor. As Yu Shenfeng crossed his hands in the air, two semicircular blue spaces surrounded Luo Zheng.
The Nirvana Realm tokens in the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda of Heaven and Earth were all carefully selected by Laojun Zhangkong. Almost every level had a unique Nirvana Realm token, and the Sacred Armor was one of them. If one was bound by this blue space, one would fall into a continuous cycle. In the process of the Nirvana Realm masters sparring, no one had been able to break free from it, not even Hua Tianming.
But now, Luo Zheng could freely use the power of the Origin God Blood …
As soon as the two semicircular spaces appeared, Luo Zheng had already analyzed what kind of ability the Space Force used was, and at the same time analyzed a way to deal with it.
"Clang!"
The semi-circular space closed, and Luo Zheng was firmly locked in it.
"What method will Junior Brother use to break free?"
Yu Shen Feng had a smug expression.
Luo Zheng stretched out a finger, and there was a layer of transparent power spiral from his fingertip. When his fingertip drew a line in the semi-circular space, the semi-circular space was like a piece of paper, directly torn by his finger …
This mysterious space was as easy as tearing a thin veil for Luo Zheng.
"…"
Yu Shenfeng was speechless.
Although he expected Luo Zheng to be able to break the power of the Sacred Armor, it was still a little difficult. This was too …
How would he know that even the power of the Chaos Ancient Gods, Tongtian Sect Master, and the others could be easily broken by Luo Zheng, let alone a mere Nirvana Realm 19!
At this moment, Hua Tianming, who was standing not far away, walked forward.
As their eyes met, Hua Tianming cupped his fists. "Brother Luo Zheng!"
"Brother Tianming!"
Luo Zheng returned the greeting.
Both of them were geniuses who walked out of the Great Evolution Realm. They had experienced calamities and vicissitudes of life together. Such fate was precious.
When Hua Tianming obtained Lone Sword, Li Luoshui had given him such an evaluation. If there was a place for him among the strongest in the Chaos, he would not be outdone even when facing a Weapon Grandmaster …
However, at that time, Hua Tianming was thinking about Luo Zheng. How would he compare to Luo Zheng?
Even Gu Bei and Luo Xiao did not have much confidence in Luo Zheng. After all, the Nirvana Realm 33 was too difficult. According to Yuan Chengdao and Li Luoshui, the Immortal Realm was already unattainable in the Mother World. Hua Tianming should be the first person after the Desolate God period!
Who would have expected that Luo Zheng would return not long after and bring back a world!
"Brother Luo Zheng, how did you find the Ultimate Graveyard?"
Hua Tianming asked a question that everyone wanted to know.
Gu Bei, Luo Xiao, and Li Luoshui all looked at Luo Zheng.
"You don't know?"
This time, Luo Zheng could not understand. "I once asked someone to bring a child butterfly into the Heaven Earth Mysterious Yellow Pagoda. It should be carried by someone in the Ultimate Graveyard. I can sense the child butterfly's location and find it. You don't seem to know?"
When Luo Zheng said this, Gu Bei, Jiu Sheng, Hua Tianming, and the others all looked at Luo Xiao.
Luo Xiao then realized. "That butterfly. So that butterfly was guiding you, Zheng 'er!"
At this moment, the Lone Sword behind Hua Tianming buzzed. Taishang Laojun, Du Zhen, He Yun, Zhen Xing, and Xuan Du appeared one by one.
"Senior Du Zhen!"
When Luo Zheng saw Du Zhen again, his eyes brightened slightly. His gaze shifted to the old man beside him and immediately guessed his identity. He bowed again and said, "Junior Luo Zheng greets Senior Taishang Laojun!"
"Cough cough …" Taishang Laojun coughed, then explained, "That child butterfly was carried by your father, Luo Xiao. I told him …"
Luo Xiao quietly rolled his eyes. This old man was a man of few words. He only said that he had placed his hopes on him. Who would have known that this butterfly had such an effect, that it could summon his son back?
"So you know each other?"
Hua Tianming said in surprise.
Luo Zheng smiled. "Not only do we know each other, but everything that has happened to me from the Great Yan Universe to now is related to Senior Taishang Laojun!"
"What do you mean?"
Gu Bei asked, puzzled.
Taishang Laojun was the master of the Ultimate Graveyard and the Mysterious Yellow Pagoda's master. But what did he have to do with the divine territory?
"The refining technique that Master bestowed upon me was not obtained by chance. It was bestowed upon me by Senior Taishang Laojun," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Gu Bei raised his eyebrows, seemingly in disbelief.
"It involves the entire Chaotic World, and even a larger world. I'm afraid I won't be able to explain it all in a short time …" Luo Zheng said.
At this moment, Hua Tianming suddenly felt a slight vibration coming from the Solitary Sword. This vibration was very subtle. After all, it implied a certain rhythm. Hua Tianming did not know the reason. Just as he was puzzled, Taishang Laojun said, "There's movement on the other side of the Solitary Sword. Luo Zheng, your son Luo Nian has sent news!"
"Nian 'er?"
"Nian 'er is on the other side of the Solitary Sword?
Where is that? "
Not far away, Li Luoshui and Ling Shu, who had been listening, immediately reacted.

Chapter 3762
Du Zhen had once told Luo Zheng how they communicated with Luo Nian.
Now that Taishang Laojun mentioned it, Luo Zheng naturally paid close attention. He gestured for Li Luoshui and Li Lingshu to keep quiet.
Everyone quieted down, but they were all confused.
How could Luo Nian communicate with them through this sword?
Or was Luo Nian trapped in the sword?
After Hua Tianming carried the Nirvana token, he could also feel the vibration, but what was this intermittent vibration trying to express?
After a while, Taishang Laojun said with a strange expression, "He said he found another holy pillar, he can connect Gu Jian's thread to it …"
"Does that mean Gu Jian can become stronger?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes," Taishang Laojun nodded. "Including Gu Jian's ability."
Hua Tianming's eyes flashed. "Senior, are you saying Luo Nian can modify Gu Jian's Nirvana token?"
Taishang Laojun smiled faintly. "Luo Nian is in the holy pillar, not only can he modify Gu Jian's ability, he can also modify other Nirvana tokens, but he just happened to find Gu Jian."
"I see!"
Hua Tianming was shocked.
Hua Tianming had already sensed that Gu Jian's ability had changed, but Hua Tianming could not guess the reason. After all, Hua Tianming's understanding of the Nirvana token stopped at the Nirvana level, he had never thought about the world outside the chaos.
He did not expect Gu Jian to be related to Luo Nian, it was Luo Nian's modification that gave Gu Jian such great power.
Luo Xiao, Gu Bei, and Saint Jiu were also shocked.
Nirvana token …
The source of power in the chaos world!
Luo Xiao's grandson could directly modify it?
What kind of ability was that?
Aunt Hanjiu's face was filled with gentleness. That little guy who caused trouble in the Immortal Abode back then was now so powerful?
"What thread, what holy pillar, Zheng 'er, let him come out of this sword!"
Li Luoshui was unhappy.
She also knew the significance of the Nirvana token, Luo Nian's ability was heaven-defying.
However, Li Luoshui absolutely could not accept that Luo Zheng would let her grandson take risks outside by himself!
"Mother, Luo Nian is not in Gujian. His current state is different from what you think," Luo Zheng advised.
"What's the difference?"
Li Luoshui walked around Luo Zheng and said to Gu Jian, "Nian 'er, can you hear Grandma?
Get back here! "
"Grandma …"
Luo Nian, who was at the top of the Holy Pillar, had a look of utter disbelief on his face.
He crawled along the chain for a considerable distance before finally arriving at the mysterious floating courtyard.
But after climbing to the top of the courtyard, Luo Nian realized that the courtyard was tightly bound by the giant chain. There was no way to get in.
After searching the courtyard for a while, Luo Nian had no intention of going back the way he came. He climbed up the chain from another corner of the courtyard and successfully reached the other Holy Pillar.
The first Holy Pillar had all kinds of lines connecting to the chaotic world, but this Holy Pillar was bare. There was no light spreading out, including the positions of the ten Holy Assistants at the top of the Holy Pillar.
Luo Nian also knew that the Holy Assistants were no small matter. What if he turned Gu Jian into a Holy Assistant?
He had to do a good deed to the end.
So Luo Nian climbed back along the chain and returned to the eleventh step of the Holy Pillar of the Snake Spirit Sect. After coming into contact with the connecting light, he told Taishang Laojun his idea. As he spoke, he realized that something was wrong.
Gu Jian was actually in Uncle Tianming's hands, and beside him were his father, grandmother, and grandfather.
It seemed that his father had returned to the divine territory.
"I don't want to go back," Luo Nian replied as he played the light.
It was not easy to climb so high. Now that he could help Uncle Tianming strengthen Gu Jian, he would definitely not give up.
Taishang Laojun conveyed Luo Nian's words to Li Luoshui.
Li Luoshui raised her eyebrows and argued with Luo Nian. "These things are not suitable for you. Nian 'er, you are still young and do not know the dangers of the world."
These words did not convince Luo Nian. Instead, Luo Nian said, "Uncle Tianming, I will help you strengthen this sword."
Then, he pulled the black cube out of the Holy Pillar. The link between the black cube and Gu Jian was directly broken!
The aura in Hua Tianming's Gu Jian quickly dissipated. There was no energy reaction, and it looked like an ordinary iron sword.
"This Gu Jian …" Hua Tianming felt the changes in Gu Jian and was dumbfounded.
"He broke the link with Gu Jian," Taishang Laojun said. "Don't worry. Luo Nian should be helping you change the sword's ability. You just need to wait for a few days."
"You can't contact him?"
Li Luoshui asked.
"Yes." Taishang Laojun nodded.
"This brat …" Li Luoshui said angrily. She turned to stare at Luo Zheng. "As his father, you didn't even try to persuade him! I will tell Xiao Die about this. Let's see how you explain it! "
Faced with his mother's scolding, Luo Zheng also had a headache. Luo Nian did not give him a chance to communicate. How could he persuade him?
"Mother, Nian 'er is no longer a child. He can take care of himself," Luo Zheng said. "Jiuli's old friends are still waiting to meet you on Mount Li. I will lead you there now."
Li Luoshui was still angry. After hearing this, she paused for a moment and asked, "Which old friends?"
"Third Grandpa Li Lu and Eighth Grandpa Li Fu," Luo Zheng answered.
"Bring us there quickly!"
Yuan Chengdao came out from the divine territory.
Yuan Chengdao had always been loyal to Jiuli. Now, he was anxious to meet Jiuli's old friends.
Luo Zheng built a spatial door that led directly to Mount Li. He sent Li Luoshui, Yuan Chengdao, and Lingshu over.
Li Lu and Li Fu's eyes turned red when they saw Li Luoshui and Lingshu.
When Jiuli released the divine territory, they were in despair. They never thought that they would meet again one day. Unfortunately, seven of the nine tribal chiefs had been lost. The remnants of Jiuli were not worth mentioning. One could imagine how they felt at this moment.
After temporarily settling his mother and the others on Mount Li, Luo Zheng returned to the top of the divine territory. He roughly explained what happened after he went to the mother world.
He started from joining Dao Sword Palace, then Taiyi Heavenly Palace, then Mount Li, and escaping from the mother world with Mount Li …
After listening to Luo Zheng, not only did Luo Xiao not feel relieved, he asked with a face full of surprise, "In other words, such a huge mother world fell into the hands of the Evil Deities in the world in your body?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"In that case, the situation is more serious than we thought …" Gu Bei's face was solemn.
At this moment, Taishang Laojun, who had been silent, suddenly said to Luo Zheng, "Since the Snake Spirit King dared to take this step, he must have full confidence. The Evil Deities controlling the mother world might not be able to deal with it!"
Luo Zheng had the Origin Divine Blood, so he knew how to deal with such a situation from the beginning. Moreover, the Origin Land was small, so it was easier to turn around.
But the mother world was different …
After countless years, it had grown into a huge monster. Its original form was not suitable to fight against these heads!
The truth was as Taishang Laojun had guessed. The mother world was now going through an unprecedented ordeal.

Chapter 3763
As the mother world had a huge structure, it would naturally attract more heads.
When those heads had just appeared, the Evil Deities had already realized that something was wrong. In addition to sending out more doppelgangers, they also mobilized all the combat power in the mother world!
The Center God Province …
The earthquake had been going on for more than half a month, and a terrifying rumor was spreading among the people.
"There's a terrifying head underground, and the earthquake was caused by those heads biting …"
"Those heads are millions of feet tall, and they can swallow everything …"
"Run!"
Some people sneered at this rumor. What kind of place was the mother world?
Even if the sky fell, there were tall people to hold it up!
The Great Heavenly Palace no longer existed, and the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan had been annihilated. No other forces invaded the Center God Province, and the entire Center God Province was an ownerless land.
Some of the big families in the Ming Lake started to get restless again …
The Center God Province was full of talents, and it was a place where super forces could be born. Could these big families replace the Great Heavenly Palace?
These days, the big families in the Ming Lake had held several arena competitions in order to fight for power!
The geniuses of the Nirvana Realm in the family were fighting in full swing.
On this day, there were tens of thousands of people gathered by the Ming Lake. On the lake, there were two young talents chasing each other like swallows.
When the two of them collided, there was an earth-shattering explosion, and the entire Ming Lake trembled.
The battle between the two young talents lasted for 30 minutes, and one of them, who was at the Third Heaven of the Nirvana Realm, obviously had a great advantage. Under his continuous suppression, his opponent's strength was gradually weakening, and victory was in sight.
"Soaring Dragon True Sword Technique! You're defeated! "
The Third Heaven of the Nirvana Realm roared.
At this time, the earthquake started again …
This time, the tremor was very intense, and the ground was like waves, and some houses collapsed.
Because the earthquake was too frequent, people didn't take it seriously, and they were even more concerned about the battle on the lake.
Just as the Third Heaven of the Nirvana Realm performed this exquisite sword technique, the water level of the Ming Lake suddenly dropped rapidly, as if the bottom of the Ming Lake had leaked, and the water of the Ming Lake, which was comparable to the vast ocean, was all gone!
"This is caused by the Family Su's sword technique?"
"He's only at the Third Heaven of the Nirvana Realm, it's impossible for him to have such power …"
"But what's going on with the Ming Lake!"
The onlookers couldn't understand what was happening at Ming Lake.
The two people floating above the lake didn't understand either. Faced with such a strange phenomenon, they stopped.
After the lake water receded, everyone saw a huge face at the bottom of the lake. Its eyes, mouth, and nose were lifelike.
Some people thought that this sculpture had always been at the bottom of Ming Lake.
But even more people thought of that terrifying rumor …
The Mother World was being devoured by thousands of heads. Sooner or later, this world would be completely devoured!
"Hua!"
It was a head with a multiplier of five hundred.
It kept biting in one direction, like a worm in an apple. It bit a long and narrow hole in the mother world, and finally bit through the Center God Province!
The recent earthquakes in the Center God Province were caused by this head.
In the eyes of the heads, living things had a higher priority than dead things …
After it emerged from the bottom of the lake, it opened its huge mouth and bit towards the edge of the lake.
"Crack!"
A huge bite mark appeared at the edge of the lake. Regardless of whether it was the two young elites or the tens of thousands of spectators, they all disappeared into that huge mouth.
Scenes similar to what happened at the edge of Ming Lake happened almost everywhere in the mother world.
A head with a multiplier of a few hundred was considered small. Huge creatures with a multiplier of ten thousand appeared in many large states.
These huge heads were definitely not something an ordinary Nirvana Realm cultivator could fight against. Even an Immortal Realm cultivator could only fight against a head with a multiplier of a thousand …
At the edge of Ming Lake, some people who were lucky enough to survive ran madly, trying to get away from that multiplier of three hundred.
One of them twitched for a while, and his face became blurry. Then, he turned into Evil Deities.
"Six Truth Melted Explosion!"
Evil Deities didn't make any unnecessary movements. Six energy balls of different colors were formed from his head, hands, feet, and abdomen. Then, they instantly moved into the mouth of the head.
"Boom!"
A terrifying light pillar shot up from the top of the head. The entire Center God Province could see it clearly.
That head turned into dust in an instant …
Hundreds of large states away.
On a huge bed in the middle of a black palace, Xiuzhu was nestled in Evil Deities' arms.
During this period of time, Evil Deities' temper had become strange and irritable.
Sometimes, Xiuzhu even wondered if the person beside her was really Evil Deities.
Behind this palace was a huge square. Tens of thousands of people sat cross-legged in the square. These people were all clones of Evil Deities.
Although they were clones, they were no different from the original body. They all had the same strength, the same aura, and even the same thoughts …
Facing the crazily attacking heads, Evil Deities quickly realized that this was a huge problem.
If they couldn't get rid of the heads, the mother world would be devoured in a short period of time!
However, no matter if they mobilized the forces of the mother world or consulted the Wu Kong Clan through the black ship, they couldn't find an effective way.
Some time ago, the black ship contacted the Wu Kong Clan. The Prime of Tongtian even descended to this world to check. He only told Evil Deities that he would think of a way. Then, he returned to the Nirvana Realm …
At crucial times, others were always unreliable. They could only rely on themselves.
He had an idea and let the tens of thousands of "Evil Deities" find an answer. That was why there were so many people in the square.
Some of these Evil Deities were thinking and researching alone. Some were in groups of three or five, whispering to each other.
The "Six True Round Explosion" that Evil Deities used to kill three hundred times the number of heads by the lake came from the research of these Evil Deities.
Using the smallest price to destroy the strongest opponent. The idea wasn't wrong. However, there were too many heads. Their current method was still far from enough.
"Phew …"
Evil Deities lying on the bed exhaled deeply.
Xiuzhu tied up her black hair. Her clear eyes looked at Evil Deities. "There are so many clones to help husband find a way. Husband, why do you have to worry so much?"
Recently, Evil Deities' temperament had changed a lot.
In the past, he only needed to destroy. However, now that he controlled the mother world, he had to save the mother world instead …
This wasn't what he was good at.
"If these heads came from one direction, I might not be afraid of them. However, they are distributed throughout the chaos. They are everywhere. It's impossible to guard against them. This isn't a problem of finding a way. There is no solution at all …" Evil Deities said.
Xiuzhu covered her bare shoulder with one hand. She lowered her head and thought. "Are there any annoying things in those heads?"
"Annoying things …" Evil Deities' thoughts drifted far away. Suddenly, his eyes lit up. "Xiuzhu, what do you think they hate?"

Chapter 3764
In the Evil Deities' mind, anything that goes against it must be destroyed.
Even those who didn't provoke it met the same fate, let alone those who actively provoke it.
Against the invasion of the heads, the Evil Deities have been searching for a way to eliminate them.
As for what they hate, is that important?
This is a very important moment …
The Homeworld is too big, even if the Evil Deities have tens of thousands of clones, they still can't guard every corner.
If they can use some sort of method to drive them away and force them to gather in one place, they'll be able to easily eliminate them.
Xiuzhu's eyes lit up as she looked at the Evil Deities, a bit hesitant as she spoke. "I … I don't know what they hate"
"But they will know" the Evil Deities said confidently.
The Evil Deities' mind moved.
The ten thousand Evil Deities in the large Black Square all had a consciousness in their minds, the orders given to them by the main body came first.
"The main body said to find the weakness of these heads?"
"What do they hate?"
"If we test them one by one, we'll definitely be able to find it …"
"These heads are very stupid, they only have one way of doing things, we can use their way of doing things!"
These Evil Deities are just as smart as the main body, as long as the main body gives them a hint, they'll be able to think and come up with a strategy.
The heated discussion of over ten thousand people made the large Black Square very noisy, almost no sound could be heard.
"So noisy! You bunch of idiots! "one of the Evil Deities angrily cursed.
The other Evil Deities didn't retaliate, they all quickly shut up and began to communicate with their inner sight.
Although the ten thousand people all have different ideas, they're all very efficient and quickly came up with a few plans.
These plans were then voted on to find the best one: Split up and test the characteristics of the heads.
The Evil Deities were originally searching for the heads in the Homeworld to kill, but now they've changed their strategy.
Because the Sky Martial Region was the weakest, it attracted the most heads.
The Evil Deities had been cleaned up here a few times, but it would soon be filled with skulls again. The skulls here were the most suitable to be captured and tested.
Dozens of Evil Deities took possession of bodies in the Sky Martial Region at the same time. They captured dozens of heads that were several times their original size in the shortest amount of time and began to test them.
"First test, fire god art!"
Raging flames swept out and enveloped one of the heads.
The flames burned the head until it was charred black.
However, the head still opened its mouth wide, wanting to devour everything in front of it. It even swallowed some of the flames.
"Stronger flames!"
"Hua!"
When the other Evil Deities released the power of their fire god art, the head couldn't withstand it. Cracks appeared on the head, and it finally exploded from the middle, turning into fragments.
Their goal was not to kill the head. They had failed the first test.
"Second test, use an ice wall to trap the skull …"
"Third time, use lightning to bind it …"
"Fourth time, Art of Fear …"
"Fifth time, consciousness invasion …"
In less than an hour, the Evil Deities had used dozens of different thaumaturgies to test the skull.
The head didn't have a soul, so it couldn't be controlled by soul-type thaumaturgies.
Other than that, the other thaumaturgies weren't afraid of them either. As soon as the power of those thaumaturgies was increased, the head was destroyed.
"56th test … use a spatial wall to trap the head!"
A complete square space trapped a ten-fold head inside. The ten-fold head screamed and slammed into the space wall, making loud banging noises.
"56th test failed, remove the spatial wall and prepare for the next test" one of the Evil Deities declared.
"Wait" another Evil Deities noticed something, "Don't remove the spatial wall"
"Don't waste time" the first Evil Deities said.
"Look, the head isn't biting the spatial wall, it doesn't seem to be able to see it …" the second Evil Deities said.
As soon as he said that, the other Evil Deities also looked over. They quickly noticed the problem.
"Remove the other five spatial walls" the Evil Deities ordered.
"Weng, weng, weng, weng, weng!"
After the other spatial walls were removed, the head still didn't react and slammed into the spatial wall in front of it in a daze.
"The head can't sense the power of space …" the Evil Deities said as he wrapped himself in the power of space and flew towards the head.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
The huge head slammed into the tiny Evil Deities again and again, but it didn't intend to open its mouth and swallow this tiny thing that was blocking its way!
"I found a way." A smile appeared on the Evil God's face.
After a while, one of the Evil Deities flew into the hall.
"Main body, I think I found a way" the Evil Deities doppelganger said.
The Evil Deities' eyes flashed with surprise, "So fast?"
After Xiuzhu reminded the Evil Deities, it only took a few hours for the Evil Deities to find a way to restrain the head. The Evil Deities were naturally surprised.
"The perception of those heads is very poor. They can't sense space. As long as they hide behind a spatial wall, they won't be able to sense the target," the Evil Deities doppelganger said.
"Space …" The Evil Deities thought for a while, "But it's still quite difficult to build a huge spatial wall to completely envelop the Mother World …"
"There's no need for a spatial wall," the Evil Deities doppelganger said, "We can stretch the spatial wall into a small mesh, and the head won't be able to sense it. I've already tested it."
The Evil Deities smiled, "Not bad, not bad at all …"
The Evil Deities doppelganger also smiled, "I need a reward."
"What reward?" The Evil Deities was stunned.
The Evil Deities doppelganger pointed at Xiuzhu who was next to the Evil Deities, "She's your lover, and also mine."
Xiuzhu didn't expect the Evil Deities doppelganger to make such a request, and she was at a loss.
She couldn't tell who was the real body and who was the doppelganger. Sometimes, Xiuzhu even suspected that the real body of the Evil Deities had died long ago.
"Okay." The Evil Deities nodded, "Come here!"
The Evil Deities doppelganger walked over.
But just as he approached the Evil Deities, the real body of the Evil Deities reached out and gently pointed at the doppelganger's forehead. The doppelganger's face began to change, and he turned into a black-skinned alien.
"Pfft!"
The alien had just regained consciousness, and before he knew what had happened, the Evil Deities severed his neck and separated his head from his body.
Black blood splattered all over the ground …
"Husband, why did you kill him?" Xiuzhu asked.
"He has his own consciousness. If his consciousness is stronger, he will definitely betray me," the Evil Deities said.
Under normal circumstances, the doppelganger of the Evil Deities would be completely synchronized with the real body, and would also completely carry out the orders of the real body.
But after a long period of separation, or after some special experience, the doppelganger's consciousness would deviate.
In such a situation, the Evil Deities would mercilessly kill him. The person who understood himself the most would always be himself, and he would never be loyal to anyone. Once a doppelganger's consciousness sprouted, even "himself" would betray him.

Chapter 3765
A day later, tens of thousands of Evil Deities appeared on the surface of the mother world.
Each of the Evil Deities was separated by several large provinces, and they were distributed equally across the outer layer of the mother world.
"The Truth of Space …"
Now that the Evil Deities' understanding of the Truth of Space had reached a higher level, they could use Space Force as they pleased.
Strands of space the size of a pinky finger quickly weaved around the Evil Deities to form a fishing net. Under the control of Evil Deities, the fishing net quickly spread out in all directions with him as the center.
A hundred meters, ten thousand meters, ten thousand meters …
Ten thousand meters, a hundred million meters …
An hour later, the area covered by the Space Net was as large as a province.
Three hours later, the Space Net of one of the Evil Deities began to connect with the Space Net of another Evil Deities.
When the spatial web at the edges and corners were connected to each other, the entire mother world was' netted '.
Originally, many heads were attracted by the huge mother world, but before the Space Net completely covered the mother world, they were like a school of fish affected by the tide, rushing towards the only remaining flaws.
But after those flaws were covered by the Space Net, these heads lost their target and ran around like headless flies outside the mother world.
Their simple consciousness did not know what was going on at all, they only knew that the prey they were excited about had inexplicably disappeared.
The instincts of these heads were to devour everything that could be devoured, and their own kind was obviously on their menu. Soon, the situation became even more chaotic, and they began to devour each other on a large scale.
A Space Wall was erected in the hall, and the movement outside the mother world was reflected on the Space Wall.
"Husband, they are really no longer attacking the mother world. Does that mean the mother world can be saved?"
Xiuzhu asked.
"Of course," Evil Deities smiled and seemed to be in a good mood.
Next, they only needed to clean up the heads in the mother world and they could rest easy.
The number of heads that had drilled into the mother world was also very large, and now there were tens of thousands of heads that were growing rapidly, but it was not difficult to kill these heads.
At that moment, the sound of footsteps suddenly rang out outside the hall and Shen Tu walked in.
She glanced at Xiuzhu indifferently, then said to the Evil Deities, "Someone wants to see you on the other side."
"Prime of Tongtian again?
If it is him, then there is no need for him to descend. The Mother World's crisis is already over, "Evil Deities replied.
"Is it over?"
Shen Tu was slightly startled, "Those heads …"
"I've already thought of a way to block them outside. In a few more days, the heads inside the Mother World will be cleaned up," Evil Deities said casually.
Shen Tu's eyes once again flashed a look of surprise, "How did you do it?"
"Where there's a will, there's a way," Evil Deities said calmly.
Shen Tu immediately said, "This time, it's not Tongtian who's coming."
"Who else?
Three Firmament Fairies? "
Evil Deities asked.
"No, it was Bird Master," Shen Tu replied.
"What is that?"
Evil Deities asked curiously.
"You once asked why there was such a powerful giant ape on Li Mountain. This Bird Lord belongs to the same category as the giant ape, so it can answer your question," Shen Tu replied.
In Clear Jade Heaven, Snake Spirit Sect and Bird Spirit Sect launched a life-and-death war, and in the end, Bird Spirit Sect suffered a crushing defeat.
Bird Spirit King's coordinates were almost knocked out by Snake Spirit King at the last moment!
But at that moment, Snake Spirit King heard some news and gave up on knocking out Bird Spirit King's coordinates, letting Bird Spirit Sect off the hook.
All Bird Masters and Shifters could be resurrected through coordinates, so there was no substantial loss in this defeat, but it made the Bird Masters understand a fact.
Snake Spirit Sect was far stronger than Bird Spirit Sect, so it was impossible to defeat Snake Spirit Sect on the other side!
So Bird Spirit Sect secretly summoned Wu Kong Clan, which was why Black Ship couldn't contact Tongtian at that time.
Now that Bird Spirit Sect learned that Evil Deities had taken control of the Mother World, they once again focused their attention on the Primal Chaos …
Hearing Shen Tu's words, Evil Deities' expression became serious, "I want to see it."
Shen Tu smiled sweetly and took out the Descending Crown.
"Hua …"
As the Descending Light flashed with a golden light, the crown flew into the air, and then the figure of a big bird slowly appeared in front of Evil Deities.
This big bird was Bird Master Han Ge.
Evil Deities felt the powerful aura of this Bird Master and raised his eyelids slightly.
This bird was very strong …
It had the same aura as the Great Ape.
But compared to the Great Ape's strength, it was still far behind!
"Shen Tu greets Bird Master," Shen Tu bowed to the side.
Han Ge didn't even look at her, his sharp eyes staring at Evil Deities in front of him.
"Are you the one who took control of the Mother World?"
Han Ge asked.
"Yes," Evil Deities replied.
"Very good …"
Han Ge stretched out his sharp wings and gently scratched the wall of the hall.
"Xiu — —"
Evil Deities and the others only saw the shadow of a wing before the entire hall was cut in half. With a gentle flap of Han Ge's wings, a gust of wind blew the upper half of the hall away, drifting tens of thousands of miles away.
Han Ge glanced at this vast world, "This is the only thing that Tongtian has succeeded in, helping us take control of the Mother World."
Taking control of the Land of Origin was indeed an unexpected gain, and it was a success.
Evil Deities frowned, "Let me correct you, it's not you who took control of the Mother World, it's me, this is my world."
Han Ge glanced at Evil Deities.
Before it descended, the Prime of Tongtian had advised it to be careful.
Evil Deities was very rebellious, not to try to completely control it, and to give Evil Deities more patience and respect.
Han Ge was the kind of existence that could take things and let them go.
Even if it was the high and mighty Bird Lord, in front of a lowly human, it could still condescend and let go of the arrogance in its heart. Han Ge smiled faintly, "That's true, now the Wu Kong Clan and even us need to rely on you."
Evil Deities was a little surprised by the Bird Lord's attitude. Evil Deities asked, "What kind of existence are you? You don't seem to be living creatures, but you have extremely powerful strength, especially that giant ape …"
The scene of the giant ape slapping Li Shan away was still replaying in Evil Deities' mind.
"We are existences that are one level higher than you, and we are also the creators of the Chaotic World. After we die, we will become what we are now. You can see us as souls, but in the Nirvana Realm, we are called Eerie," Han Ge said.
"Shifters …" Evil Deities chewed on this word, "That giant ape is also a Shifter after death?"
"Yes, it's the Monkey Spirit King, one of the Four Spirit Kings," Han Ge nodded.
"The Monkey Spirit King has such strength after death, what kind of existence was it when it was alive? It's so powerful …" Evil Deities felt that it was a little unbelievable.
Han Ge smiled slightly, "Because it was once the strongest in the Main World, even now it has become a Shifter body, its strength is still strong."
"What about you?
You have a king too? "
Evil Deities asked again.
"Our Bird Spirit King is an existence that is on par with the Monkey Spirit King," Han Ge's eyes were full of pride.

Chapter 3766
Right now, Han Ge did not treat Evil Deities as a subordinate, but as a collaborator.
Facing a collaborator, it naturally had to show the strength of the Bird Spirit Sect.
Han Ge was very certain. After all, Evil Deities had no other choice but to cooperate with the Bird Spirit Sect.
"Bird Spirit King … … you said there are four spirit kings, then who are the other two?"
Evil Deities asked again.
"Human Spirit King and Snake Spirit King," Han Ge introduced the Four Spirit Sects from beginning to end, "Our Four Spirit Sects were originally one family many years ago."
If he explained the history of the Four Spirit Sects from beginning to end, three days and three nights would not be enough.
Han Ge spent fifteen minutes to give a brief summary of the history of the Four Spirit Sects, and at the same time told Evil Deities why they had appeared in the chaos world.
After listening to the disputes between the Four Spirit Sects, Evil Deities said with interest, "Interesting, but since your Bird Spirit Sect was harmed by the Snake Spirit Sect, you should think of revenge, why do you always want to destroy everything?"
"This is the obsession of our king, we will carry it out," Han Ge showed a loyal expression.
Evil Deities did not express an attitude towards Han Ge's words.
In reality, after taking control of the mother world, Evil Deities did not intend to destroy everything.
Once, Evil Deities was alone. With his personality, the world was full of enemies. He naturally hit it off with the Wu Kong Clan. This was also the basis for him smoothly joining the Black Ship.
But now that he had the mother world, his state of mind had changed slightly. In his heart, he might not follow the Wu Kong Path.
But now it seemed that he still needed to rely on the Bird Spirit Sect. No matter how arrogant he was, he would not reject the obsession of the Bird Spirit King.
"I once defeated a little black snake in the consciousness of the mother world, did that come from the Snake Spirit Sect?"
Evil Deities asked.
Evil Deities was also very puzzled when they found that there was an inexplicable intruder in the consciousness of the mother world.
In theory, only Evil Deities could enter that place. What kind of ability did this little black snake have to be able to force its way in?
"Yes, it could very well be the Snake Spirit King herself," Han Ge replied. "The invasion of the mother world was part of the Snake Spirit Sect's plan, but you interrupted it …"
"Then it must be very unwilling." Evil Deities smirked.
"That is why there is this upheaval in the Chaos," Cold Song said.
"You mean these heads?"
Evil Deities asked.
Han Ge nodded and said, "Yes, the Serpent Spirit King started a new round of world degradation. The whole process was to constantly devour these heads to strengthen the mother world, and finally grow to the size of the entire chaos …"
"Oh?"
Evil Deities showed a look of interest in their eyes. "A Mother World as huge as Chaos …"
"That is indeed the case. It's very likely that it's not just the Primal Chaos, but the entire Prime Realm …" Han Ge said.
"But what kind of devouring method did you use to devour these heads?"
Evil Deities asked again.
Han Ge smiled. "Just destroy the heads in the Mother World. You've already devoured quite a few heads. Haven't you noticed any changes in the Mother World?"
"Changes …"
Evil Deities' expression froze. They closed their eyes tightly and entered the consciousness of the Mother World.
The Mother World was really too big. Although the number of heads devoured was not small, the size of the expansion was not obvious. Evil Deities had not noticed it before.
This time, Evil Deities carefully examined it. Then, they slowly opened their eyes and said with a face full of surprise, "The Mother World has expanded by a little!"
With such a large size, it had expanded by almost ten percent. This expansion speed was very terrifying …
Evil Deities did not expect that devouring heads would have such benefits!
"There is only one Mother World in the entire Chaos. If it is as you said, the future of the Chaos also belongs to me?"
Evil Deities asked again.
Unexpectedly, Han Ge shook his head and said, "There is only one Mother World, but that is not necessarily the case for the Land of Origin. Since the Snake Spirit King has begun to degrade, it will definitely use other Lands of Origin. Therefore, you have to devour as many heads as you can now, because your Mother World and the Land of Origin of the Snake Spirit King will eventually fight. In the end, only one Land of Origin can be left!"
"There will be a fight …" Evil Deities lowered his head and pondered for a while. However, Luo Zheng's figure appeared in his mind.
If these heads filled the entire Chaos, Li Shan would not be able to escape. Would Luo Zheng die just like that?
Evil Deities had always regarded Luo Zheng as his ultimate opponent. Now, this ultimate opponent had suddenly become the so-called Snake Spirit King. This made him feel a little regretful.
"You must win this battle. Whether it is the Wu Kong Clan or my Bird Spirit Sect, we will do our best to help you …"
Han Ge left the Mother World after leaving these words.
One day later, Evil Deities ordered the transformation of the Mother World.
Tens of thousands of Evil Deities thought at the same time and quickly came up with a new plan.
Three huge rifts were opened at the edge of the Mother World. Each rift spanned hundreds of continents. At the same time, a huge array was set up in the continents within these rifts.
After the heads in the Chaos were drawn into the rifts, the array was activated and the heads were destroyed one by one.
The plan implemented by Evil Deities was exactly the same as the Snake Spirit King's plan!
This plan was progressing very smoothly, but during this time, Evil Deities had been depressed.
Even Xiuzhu could not guess what was on Evil Deities' mind. She wanted to comfort him, but she could not find a way to do so.
On this day, Evil Deities was still staring at the distant sky in a daze. A pair of slender hands helped him put on a robe. Evil Deities frowned slightly and said, "What are you doing here?"
The one behind him was not Xiuzhu, but Shen Tu.
Ever since Xiuzhu came, Evil Deities rarely got close to Shen Tu.
Shen Tu was secretly sad, but on the surface, there was no change. He still did his best to act as the liaison between Evil Deities and the Wu Kong Clan.
"I know why you are unhappy," Shen Tu said.
Evil Deities glanced at him faintly, "What do you know?"
Shen Tu quietly whispered in Evil Deities' ear, "Do you think you have lost an opponent like Luo Zheng …"
Evil Deities did not speak, but silently sighed. He felt a faint sense of sadness in his heart.
"In fact, he might not necessarily die. Maybe like you, he is rapidly growing stronger," Shen Tu said.
Evil Deities raised his eyebrows, turned to stare at Shen Tu and said, "What do you mean?
Can Li Shan escape this disaster? "
"I don't know," Shen Tu said, "But one thing I am certain of is that you should have been born in the Land of Origin. Otherwise, you would not have been able to devour Gui Qing, let alone inherit the consciousness of the Mother World."
Evil Deities' eyes lit up, "You mean Luo Zheng's Inner World is the Land of Origin?"
"Yes," Shen Tu nodded.
When Evil Deities was first absorbed by Luo Zheng, Shen Tu and the copper man had their suspicions, but at that time, she was not sure.
But after Evil Deities successfully devoured Gui Qing, it was already a certainty.
Hearing this, Evil Deities showed a rare relaxed expression and said, "This competition, I will definitely win!"

Chapter 3767
In the depths of the Chaos.
A huge triangular cube was spinning at a slow speed.
The area behind the triangular cube was empty. The heads that were scattered there had been swallowed up.
Now, it had entered a new world.
After clearing up the surrounding heads, three beams of light extended from the three big mouths!
The energy contained in the beams of light was weak, but very stable. It could extend for billions of miles in the Chaos.
Although the heads were stupid, they had an extraordinary sensitivity to energy. Even if the beams of light passed by them, the heads were like sharks that smelled blood, crazily moving after the beams of light.
When the number of heads following the beams of light was enough, the distance between the beams of light would rapidly shrink. The heads would also move forward with the shrinking beams of light, and finally enter the "big mouth" of the triangular cube. In this way, the heads within billions of miles would be cleared in one go!
The triangular cube maintained an extremely high efficiency in swallowing the heads. In a short time, it had expanded by a thousand times.
Although it was still very small compared to the Mother World, the speed of its growth was astonishing.
On the other side of the Chaos, Luo Zheng's method of using the Land of Beginnings was almost the same.
Previously, Luo Zheng asked Nuwa to spread Nuwa's Shadow out and use the energy beam of Nuwa's Shadow to attract the heads. This method was very effective at first.
As the Land of Beginnings continued to expand, Nuwa's Shadow was not very useful.
In theory, Nuwa's Shadow could extend almost infinitely. Given enough time, Nuwa could pull Nuwa's Shadow from one end of the Chaos to the other.
The problem was that Nuwa's Shadow extended too slowly …
According to the Origin God Blood, there would be a round of competition after the descent began. The bigger one would have a great advantage.
If they wanted to absorb more heads faster, they had to think of a better way.
After Nuwa's Shadow's plan was abandoned, Luo Zheng gathered everyone on the Jade Platform to brainstorm.
They needed to find something that could spread fast and far.
"Light," Ji quickly gave the answer.
Not only did light contain energy, but it could also spread rapidly in the Chaos!
Luo Zheng entrusted the Origin God Blood to transform the Land of Beginnings again.
Soon after, a huge six-sided array appeared on the surface of the Land of Beginnings. This six-sided array could not be used to defend against enemies. It could only release strong light.
"Buzz …"
After the powerful energy was injected into the six-sided formation, it scattered in all directions in the form of strong light.
It was as if there was a huge sun in the chaos, and the blazing white light could affect hundreds of millions of miles away. When the heads in this range felt the energy in the strong light, they rushed to the place of origin without stopping …
The three Lands of Genesis in the Chaos had all groped their way out of the chaos and began to grow in unique ways.
Although the speed at which they absorbed the skulls wasn't slow, and the speed at which they grew was even more exaggerated.
But how big was the Chaos World?
Given their size, it would take a long time for them to grow to the size of Chaos.
…
One month later.
Several humans appeared at the entrance of the Night Vision Island, which was located in the Shang Qing Sky.
The person in the lead was wearing a large and thick fur coat. His face was handsome, and there was a trace of heroic spirit in his eyes.
Behind him were three women and two men.
Just as the group approached the pool in the cave, two monkey lords emerged from the pool.
"Stop right there."
"If you take another step forward, you'll definitely die."
The two monkey lords said in an aggressive manner.
The entrance of the Night Vision Island was of great importance. Under normal circumstances, no living beings were allowed to approach it.
If it were other foreign beings, the two monkey lords would have already killed them.
The reason why they restrained themselves was because this group was of the human race.
After all, the monkey lords had interacted with the human race many times over the years. In addition, Luo Zheng had saved the Monkey Spirit King, so the monkey lords had changed their view of the human race.
The man in the lead stopped and respectfully cupped his hands to the two monkey lords. "I am Tongtian of the Wu Kong Clan. Greetings to the two monkey lords."
"Wu Kong Clan?
Tongtian?
Those people supported by the Bird Spirit Sect? "
One of the monkey lords had a strange expression.
Tongtian smiled. "Yes, I have the coordinates of Bird Lord Luan Gu on my back."
Luan Gu's reputation in the Four Spirit Sect was second only to the four sect masters. It was an existence on par with the Great Ape King. It was respectfully called "God Luan", and it was also an existence that reverberated like thunder.
When the two monkey lords heard this, they were surprised and their expressions turned serious.
The coordinates were Shifu's life.
This person came with Luan Gu's life!
"Why are you here?"
The monkey lord asked.
"Bird Lord Luan Gu wants to discuss an alliance with the Monkey Spirit King," Tongtian said again.
The two monkey lords did not waste time and reported this matter to the Night Vision Island.
The Night Vision Island quickly replied that Tongtian could enter the Night Vision Island alone.
After that, the Prime of Tongtian entered the lake and went against the current. When he floated out of the lake, a monkey lord led him to a palace on the shore.
The one who received Tongtian in the palace was not the Monkey Spirit King, but a group of heroes led by Yuanshi Tianzun. Luo Zheng was at the side.
"Junior Martial Brother, we finally meet!"
Yuanshi Tianzun's old face was full of smiles, and there was even a hint of eagerness.
Tongtian glanced at Yuanshi Tianzun indifferently. "Senior Martial Brother."
As his voice fell, his gaze fell on Luo Zheng.
When he had just climbed to the second level of Three Worlds, Tongtian knew that he was extraordinary. He also knew that this kid could change the situation, but he did not expect that he could affect the balance between Shifu and Shifu!
Yuanshi Tianzun did not care about Tongtian's indifference, but said, "Besides me, there is another person who wants to see you. You can't imagine it!"
Tongtian showed a strange expression. "Who?"
Yuanshi Tianzun nodded at Luo Zheng, and a figure appeared above Luo Zheng's head. It was Taishang Laojun's Divided Soul.
"Eldest … Eldest Senior Brother …" Tongtian's face was filled with shock.
He did not know that his Senior Martial Brother was hiding in Jade Clear Sky, so he was very surprised to see his Senior Martial Brother here.
Taishang Laojun smiled cheerfully and said, "It's really a surprise that the three of us could get together in the end …"
"There is a surprise, but forget about the surprise." Tongtian's tone was cold. He still could not get rid of the conflict in the past.
"Junior Martial Brother, you are still angry about it. If there is a chance, I will ask Ziya to apologize to you personally," Yuanshi Tianzun said.
"Your good disciple … Humph!"
Once Jiang Ziya was mentioned, Sect Leader Tongtian's face darkened even more.
In the battle of Li Mountain, he was banished into Jixu Space by Kong and kicked out by Jiang Ziya. He had not been in such a difficult situation for many years.
"I came here to see Monkey Spirit King to discuss the alliance with Bird Spirit Sect, not to reminisce about the old days," Tongtian said angrily.
At this time, Luo Zheng said, "That's right. Monkey Spirit King can leave the alliance to us. Just talk with us."
"What …"
Tongtian's eyes could not help but twitch.

Chapter 3768
The Spirit Monkey King and the other monkey lords were very naive. They weren't good at strategy.
In their previous conversation, the Spirit Monkey King had complete trust in Luo Zheng. As long as Luo Zheng stood on the opposite side of the Snake Spirit Sect, it would be fine. Therefore, it left everything to the Snake Spirit Sect.
Tongtian didn't know the details. He only knew that Luo Zheng was like him, relying on the Bird Lords.
Therefore, when he heard Luo Zheng's words, he was as surprised as he could be.
"It's very … useful?"
Tongtian asked.
"Of course it's useful," Luo Zheng replied.
Although Luo Zheng didn't look like he was joking, Tongtian still didn't believe him. He said, "Don't joke around …"
"I'm not joking," Luo Zheng said sternly.
Tongtian looked to the side of the hall. There were two monkey lords guarding the entrance. They must have heard Luo Zheng's words. Why didn't they question him?
Tongtian had no choice but to say, "Please step back …"
Luo Zheng and the other human heroes stepped aside.
Tongtian opened his hands. Two golden crosses appeared in each of his palms. After the crosses were combined, the coordinates appeared in front of him.
"Buzz …"
Everyone heard a soft cry. A huge bird figure appeared in front of them. It was the Bird Lord, the Luan Fox.
The Luan Fox's size was medium among the Bird Lords, but its head was almost as big as the ceiling of the palace.
It lowered its head slightly. When it saw that it was a group of humans standing in front of it, a strange look appeared in its eyes. "Tongtian, I came to Night Vision Island to see the Spirit Monkey King. Why is it a group of humans?"
"They, they said they could talk about an alliance," Tongtian said helplessly.
"Hmph …"
The Luan Fox raised its arrogant head.
It swung its head and smashed the ceiling of the hall. Then, it raised its head to the sky and let out a long cry.
"Screech —"
The high-pitched chirps echoed throughout the entire Night Vision Island.
Not long after, a huge and agile figure ran along the lakeside. When the figure approached the main hall, it leaped up and landed heavily in front of the main hall.
"Boom!"
The huge tremor caused everyone in the hall to jump with it.
"I could hear your voice from far away, Luan Fox," Da Gu said.
The Luan Fox stared at Da Gu and said unhappily, "I personally came to Night Vision Island and you sent me away with these humans?"
"Dismiss?
How do you know? "
Da Gu was puzzled.
"Why are you acting dumb? How can mere humans from the Secondary World replace you?"
The Luan Fox was even more displeased with the ancient costume's foolishness.
The monkey spirits were naturally slow to react. Only now did Da Gu understand the luan fox's meaning. He rubbed his head and laughed, "Of course they can. My king has already given them full authority. You can discuss the matter of the alliance with them …"
"Entrust it to them …"
The Luan Fox was also stupefied. You guys are truly stupid to the point of originality!
It cursed in its heart, but it didn't say anything on the surface.
These monkeys were simple-minded. If they really scolded the Spirit Monkey King, forget about forming an alliance, the Spirit Monkey King would have to bear the consequences.
"If you don't feel at ease, I can listen from the side, but you can talk to them!"
Once again, Da Gu leaped high into the air and stepped into the hall, squatting in a corner.
"…"
The Luan Fox was once again speechless.
In any case, the Great Ape King was here.
Moreover, they were forced to form an alliance with the Monkey Spirit Sect.
Tongtian, who was beside the Luan Fox, had a similar feeling. Perhaps he was even more agitated than the Luan Fox.
After all, Tongtian had always lacked confidence in front of the Bird Spirit Sect. Unlike Luo Zheng and this group of people, it was as if they were the masters of the Monkey Spirit Sect. Even the legendary Great Ape King was obedient!
The Luan Fox patiently retracted its head from the ceiling and looked at this group of people with disdain. Shortly after, it said, "Currently, the Snake Spirit Sect is the strongest in the Nirvana Realm. They are also beginning to descend from the Primal Chaos. If they really succeed, all of us will perish, regardless of whether it is the Bird Spirit Sect or the Monkey Spirit Sect …"
This speech originally didn't include humans, but the Luan Fox thought for a moment and said, "You humans will also die. Therefore, the only solution now is for the Bird Spirit Sect and the Monkey Spirit Sect to form an alliance."
Forming an alliance was extremely beneficial for the human race. Including the Primeval Lord of Heaven, the heroes were all very willing.
Whatever the Luan Fox thought, Luo Zheng would definitely agree.
However, Luo Zheng calmly asked, "As far as I know, regardless of whether it is the Bird Spirit Sect or the Wu Kong Clan, their goal is to destroy everything. Now, they won't only want to die?"
Tongtian's face immediately darkened. It would be fine if you said this to me, but you said it to the Luan Fox!
A trace of killing intent appeared in the Luan Fox's eyes. "That is our Bird Spirit Sect's internal matter. What does mere humans have to do with you?"
"Originally, it had nothing to do with us, but now that we are forming an alliance, I naturally have to ask clearly." Luo Zheng revealed a matter-of-fact expression.
"You …"
The Luan Fox originally looked down on these humans. The anger in its heart burned uncontrollably, and it faintly showed signs of attacking.
However, this was the Monkey Spirit Sect's territory. The Great Ape King was watching from the side, and it was here to form an alliance …
The Luan Fox finally suppressed the anger in its heart and said, "We have to care about the king's obsession, but the prerequisite is that we do not harm the king's safety …"
"In other words, the Bird Spirit King's life is at stake?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes!"
The Luan Fox gritted its teeth and said.
Not long ago, the Snake Spirit King had almost killed the Bird Spirit King. However, at the last moment, the Snake Spirit King retreated. As for why it retreated, the Luan Fox, Han Ge, and Ling Lou still did not know.
"What do you plan to do after forming an alliance?"
Luo Zheng asked again.
The Luan Fox replied, "I hope that the Monkey Spirit Sect can help my Bird Spirit Sect and launch a counterattack against the Snake Spirit Sect. We already have a detailed plan …"
An unawakened Bird Spirit King was not a match for the Snake Spirit King. However, with the addition of the invincible Monkey Spirit King, the result was different.
"I refuse," Luo Zheng replied bluntly.
"Then die!"
The killing intent in the Luan Fox's eyes boiled. A bird wing like a forty zhang long blade chopped down at Luo Zheng's head.
It was so fast that even Da Gu, who was squatting not far away, could not react in time.
"Boom!"
This wing chopped down, and the entire hall was shattered into pieces.
Tongtian's face was also filled with shock. The Luan Fox had directly killed Luo Zheng! This was not going to end well!
"Ha, phew!"
Da Gu, who was not far away, took a deep breath and blew fiercely, blowing the dust into the lake.
Then, the Prime of Tongtian saw a strange scene.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and caught the Luan Fox's wing. His face was filled with ease …
Even the Luan Fox's eyes were filled with disbelief. It had heard Tongtian mention this human brat several times. He was indeed a mysterious brat.
However, this brat could easily catch its wing slash?

Chapter 3769
"Looking at your Excellency Luan Fox's attitude, you don't seem to want to discuss the alliance?"
Luo Zheng clasped its wings tightly, and his voice slowly turned cold. "Or does your Excellency Luan Fox feel that as a human, I don't have the qualifications and strength?"
After saying that, Luo Zheng clenched his right hand even tighter.
"Whoosh …"
A perfectly straight red line pierced through and drilled into the Luan Fox's wings.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Everyone heard the sound of the thread shuttling through the Luan Fox's wings, and then they saw countless red lights floating on the surface of the wings.
"Whoosh …"
Those thin threads cut the wings into countless pieces, and they fell to the ground.
When Da Gu, who was squatting not far away, saw this scene, a trace of fear appeared in his eyes.
Da Gu had heard of Luo Zheng's divine ability from Kong Gu before. It relied on those blood threads to easily cut Kong Gu's body into pieces.
However, Da Gu believed that he was much stronger than Kong Gu, so he did not take Luo Zheng seriously.
However, the Luan Fox's strength was comparable to his, and it did not resist Luo Zheng's red thread at all. If he touched this red thread, his situation would not be much better …
"I wonder if your Excellency Luan Fox is interested in my strength?"
Luo Zheng asked coldly.
Both the Luan Fox and Tongtian were stunned.
It did not expect this human to be able to hurt it.
Of course, this kind of damage was not substantial to Shift.
The Luan Fox's body trembled slightly, and the pieces of Shift that fell to the ground jumped up one after another. They quickly stuck together and returned to their previous state.
"You surprised me." The arrogance in the Luan Fox's eyes completely disappeared.
Luo Zheng's attack was like a bucket of water splashed into its heart, and it quickly woke up the Luan Fox.
Whether it was the Spirit Monkey King or the Great Ape King, they were not truly stupid. There was definitely a reason why they supported Luo Zheng so much!
Luo Zheng's expression was normal. "Let's continue to talk about the alliance."
"Didn't you refuse?"
The Luan Fox was surprised.
"That's because your conditions are wrong." Luo Zheng shook his head.
The Luan Fox asked, "What conditions do you want?"
When it asked this question, the Grandmaster of Heaven sighed silently in his heart.
Although the Bird Lord Luan Fox was powerful, it did not have any negotiation skills.
They treated the humans with arrogance, but Luo Zheng found out that the Spirit Bird King was in a bad situation. Even if they acted recklessly, they didn't gain any advantage …
If he asked Luo Zheng now, Luo Zheng would definitely ask for an exorbitant price.
"The condition of the alliance is that the entire Bird Soul Sect must obey my orders," Luo Zheng replied.
The anger that the Luan Fox had been suppressing surged up again.
This human really infuriated it …
"An alliance is an alliance, but you actually want my Bird Spirit Sect to listen to your orders! Could it be that even the Monkey Spirit Sect listens to you? "
The luan fox's resounding voice contained a trace of grief and indignation.
Its words were meant for the great ape king.
However, Da Gu didn't say much. Instead, he acted as if it was a matter of course. "There's nothing wrong with listening to him. That's what King said …"
The monkey spirits weren't good at strategizing and basically left this aspect to this group of humans.
When the Luan Fox heard this, he wanted to vomit blood. Was this really the once invincible Monkey Spirit Sect?
Depressed, he really wanted to turn around and leave. However, reality told him that he couldn't just leave like this.
The Bird Lords couldn't bear the current situation. They had to win over the strong support of the Monkey Spirit Sect.
After thinking carefully, he gritted his teeth and said, "We can obey your orders. All of our Bird Lords are at your disposal, but there are two exceptions!"
"Please speak," Luo Zheng said.
"First, our King is an exception. Second, the Mother World and Evil Deities are an exception," the Luan Fox said.
The Bird Spirit Sect would never put their King in danger. After all, Shou's strength was far inferior to the Snake Spirit King when he wasn't awakened.
The Mother World and Evil Deities were the other major foundation for the Bird Spirit Sect to turn the tables. They had already attracted the attention of Han Ge and the others. The Luan Fox also had some understanding of the conflict and relationship between the Evil Deities and Luo Zheng.
"Okay, but you have to give me the coordinates of the top ten Bird Lords," Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng didn't have any trust in the Bird Lords. Moreover, because of the Evil Deities, the Bird Spirit Sect could turn friends into enemies at any time. He had to hold these strange coordinates in his hands.
This request made the Luan Fox hesitate. The coordinates were their lives.
It hesitated for a moment before asking, "You … will definitely help us fight against the Snake Spirit Sect?"
"Of course," Luo Zheng smiled. "The Snake Spirit Sect is our common enemy. Even if we don't ally with the Bird Spirit Sect, we will still confront them head-on.
"Next time, I will bring the coordinates of the other Bird Lords …"
Then, a Light of Destruction burst out from the Luan Fox's neck. Countless tiny thunderbolts wrapped around its Treacherous Body. Under the double attack of the Light of Destruction and the thunderbolts, the Treacherous Body quickly spread out and disappeared. In the end, only the coordinates in the Prime of Tongtian's hand remained.
After putting away the coordinates, Tongtian took a deep look at Luo Zheng and said, "See you!"
Until he left, he didn't pay any attention to his two senior brothers, Tongtian and Yuanshi Tianzun.
Yuanshi Tianzun stared blankly at Tongtian's back. "Junior Brother still can't let go of his heart."
"Some people are destined to walk a path to the end. Don't force it." Taishang Laojun was calm. "I wonder how sincere the Bird Spirit Sect's alliance is."
"Ten percent," Nuwa replied.
Luo Zheng nodded. "The Bird Spirit King hasn't awakened. This should be the case. The Bird Lords can help us!"
"But there's something strange." Nuwa frowned. "Since the Bird Spirit Sect is completely weak, why didn't the Snake Spirit Sect eliminate them along with the Bird Spirit King?
Could there be some change in this? "
Even the bird owners couldn't figure out why the Spirit Snake King would let the Spirit Bird King go that day, let alone the people present …
After the Luan Fox returned to its nest in Clear Jade Sky, it told the other Bird Lords about Luo Zheng's request.
Han Ge, Ling Lou, and the other Bird Lords were furious.
Handing their lives over to a mere human?
Wishful thinking!
However, this excitement only lasted for a short while. After the Luan Fox analyzed the stakes and the fate of the Bird Spirit Sect, the Bird Lords fell silent.
Yes, they had no choice.
After these Bird Lords compromised, they all bowed in front of the Bird Spirit King.
Of course, they didn't dare to tell this to the Bird Spirit King, Shou. Although Shou hadn't awakened, once he heard this, he would definitely turn the world upside down.
And this scene was naturally seen clearly by the Snake Spirit King who was far away in Sky City using the limited omniscient stone.
"Why didn't you stop them …" the Snake Spirit King asked unwillingly.
"Are you afraid of more Bird Lords?"
Black Light asked.
"Of course I'm not afraid of mere Bird Lords," the Snake Spirit King said disdainfully.
"That's right. The addition of the Bird Lords will allow them to enter Clear Jade Sky faster," Black Light said.
"What do you want to do?"
The Snake Spirit King asked.
Black Light did not answer. It only let out a burst of laughter that it could not understand.

Chapter 3770
Several days later, Tongtian returned to Night Vision Island.
This time, he handed the bird lords' coordinates to Luo Zheng.
Placing one's life in the hands of others was foolish in most cases.
However, the bird lords had nowhere to go. On the other hand, they were prepared to sacrifice themselves for the safety of the Bird Spirit King's "hunt." This was not inconsistent with their usual loyalty.
Most importantly, the bird lords trusted the Monkey Spirit King.
The relationship between the Bird Spirit Sect and the Monkey Spirit Sect was much deeper than that of Luo Zheng's group.
On the day of the alliance, although Da Gu was only squatting at the side, he had heard every word of their conversation.
Both the Monkey Spirit King and the Great Ape King were rash and impulsive, but they were not stupid.
They trusted Luo Zheng and the Primeval Lord of Heaven because these humans had the same goal as them. They were worthy of their trust.
If the Monkey Spirit King could trust someone, the bird lords could also trust them.
However, on the day the coordinates were delivered to Luo Zheng, Da Gu personally came to take the coordinates away. The reason was that it was not safe to leave them in Luo Zheng's hands. The Monkey Spirit King would protect these coordinates.
As for whether the Monkey Spirit King really wanted to protect these coordinates or was worried about leaving them in Luo Zheng's hands, no one knew.
The addition of the Bird Spirit Sect gave the heroes of the human race even more confidence.
After all, they, who were originally isolated and helpless, suddenly gained the support of the Bird Spirit Sect and the Monkey Spirit Sect. This was something they did not even dare to imagine.
The matter of entering Jade Clear Heaven was put on the agenda. However, before that, they still needed to make careful preparations to find a better opportunity.
… …
In the Chaotic World, the Land of Beginnings was still devouring thousands of heads in an orderly manner.
Previously, the Land of Beginnings was only twice the size of Mount Li. Mount Li barely touched the top of the Land of Beginnings.
Now, standing at the top of Mount Li, one could see a boundless blood-red sky. This was already a huge world … …
The "continental plate" that was originally floating in the sky had been moved down by Luo Zheng. It lay between Mount Li and the Ultimate Graveyard, acting as a bridge between the two.
On the other side of Mount Li, three other huge mountains were born.
Each mountain was only one-third the size of Li Mountain, and their shapes were all different. These were the lairs that Luo Zheng had specially built for the three Primal Chaos Ancient Gods.
Previously, the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods had been curled up inside Blackfoal Mountain. Now that space was no longer a problem, there was naturally no need for them to suffer.
"Boom, boom …"
Thunder rumbled in the blood-red sky.
Be it Li Mountain, the continental plate, Yang, or the people in the Sinkhole graveyard, all of them looked up.
"Mother, there's thunder …"
In the immortal residence, Luo Yunxin covered her ears, a trace of fear in her big black eyes.
"Don't be afraid, Yunxin. That's not thunder. Your father is cultivating …" Xi Youqin hugged Luo Yunxin and comforted her.
"Where is Father?" Luo Yunxin asked.
"Look over there, that figure … That's your father," Xi Youqin said as she pointed upwards.
There was indeed a tiny figure floating in the middle of the blood-red sky.
In the past few days, Luo Zheng's inner world had undergone great changes.
Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, Xun, and the other girls also saw this. After Luo Zheng explained, they learned that Li Mountain had been placed in the Place of Beginnings …
What surprised them even more was that not long after, the Sinkhole graveyard and the Divine Realm were also placed in!
Thus, the inner world became lively …
Su Lingyun, Ning Yudie, and Xun wanted to return to the Great Evolution Universe.
Mu Ning and Han Liusu couldn't wait to return to the Divine Realm to reunite with their loved ones.
In the blood mist …
Luo Zheng's body floated like a piece of rootless duckweed.
Every half an hour, the blood-red lightning would whip his body like vines.
This kind of whip didn't bring pain, but a sense of power. Endless power was fusing into Luo Zheng's body.
"Boom, boom …"
After dozens of blood-red lightning struck Luo Zheng's body, cracks suddenly appeared on his body, like a porcelain that was about to shatter.
"It's about to shatter, my body can't take it …" Luo Zheng shouted in the lightning.
The blood-red lightning quickly disappeared, and the sky regained its tranquility.
Immediately after, bright green raindrops fell on Luo Zheng's body. These raindrops were like small insects with intelligence, crawling into the cracks on Luo Zheng's body. Then, the cracks were repaired at a speed visible to the naked eye.
After Luo Zheng's body had been tempered a hundred times, it was absorbed by the Origin Divine Blood, which was equivalent to reconstructing a nearly perfect body for Luo Zheng.
Now, this body began to be tempered again. Before this, he had already undergone the baptism of thirteen rounds of blood-red lightning.
"How long will it take to reach the limit?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I'm not sure. In my memory, there is no upper limit to the strength of the body, because I once strengthened a host to a terrifying level," the Origin Divine Blood said as it recalled.
Its memory had always been very chaotic, and some key memories had directly disappeared. However, some details were very clear.
"Terrifying … how terrifying?" Luo Zheng's eyebrows trembled slightly.
To be described by the Origin Divine Blood like this, it was probably extraordinary.
"His body was not destroyed by a full blow of ninety percent of the energy in the Starry World. It's probably like this …" the Origin Divine Blood said.
The Starry World was the fifth grid world, which was the deep space of the Gate of the Four Spirits.
If it was an independent sub-world like the Chaotic World, it would be fine, but that was an entire grid world!
What kind of terrifying power was that, and what kind of powerful body was that …
"It's a pity that I forgot the appearance of that host, and even his name." The Origin Divine Blood's voice sounded a little disappointed. "In the battle with the Descenders, I lost every time …"
The Origin Divine Blood did indeed possess great power, but its opponents were always ahead of it.
"This time is different," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"What's different …" the Origin Divine Blood asked.
"Because your host this time is me," Luo Zheng said confidently.
The Origin Divine Blood was silent for a while. It probably did not want to discourage Luo Zheng, so it said, "Begin the fourteenth round of the blood-red lightning baptism. After the fiftieth round of baptism, I will fill your body with Void Node spores …"
"That's also a method to strengthen the body?"
"Yes, using the power of space to strengthen the body …"
"This is the last method to strengthen the body?"
"No, there are several more …"
Then, a rumbling sound came from the blood-red sky again. Blood-red lightning as thick as a water tank swam in the sky, rushing toward Luo Zheng.
At this moment, countless afterimages suddenly appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes …
The mountains in the distance had afterimages, the lightning also had afterimages, and so did he …
Indefinite images!
Another sealing stone had descended …
It had only been a few months since the last sealing stone had appeared, but the frequency of its appearance seemed to be increasing. At the same time, a square black stone floating more than a thousand feet above the central part of the Blood Sea State quickly attracted everyone's attention.

Chapter 3771
The sealing stone was an excellent material for refining weapons. Every time it appeared in the mother world, it would cause a fight.
This time was no exception …
Although the Blood Sea State was relatively desolate, it was once the territory of the You Xiong Clan.
Therefore, as soon as the sealing stone appeared, dozens of Nirvana Realm cultivators surrounded it.
"It's only been two months, and another sealing stone has appeared in the mother world …"
"Who will take this sealing stone?"
"Give it to the Ji Clan?"
Although Ji Xuanyuan was killed and the You Xiong Clan was destroyed in name, the Ji Clan still existed. After all, the Evil Deities did not destroy the clan.
At this moment, one of the Nirvana Realm cultivators began to tremble.
The expressions of the other Nirvana Realm cultivators changed drastically when they saw this. The Evil God had once descended upon the Blood Sea Continent and started a massacre, occupying the bodies of many people. A few of these Nirvana Realm cultivators had been occupied by the Evil God before, so they naturally recognized this scene.
In the blink of an eye, that person had turned into Evil Deities.
"Give it to the Ji Clan?" Evil Deities glanced at that person calmly.
That person seemed to have fallen into an ice cellar as his entire body began to tremble. "No, no, no, of course it's to Lord Evil Deities …"
Evil Deities snorted and looked at the sealing stone. He seemed to be in deep thought.
He seemed to be unable to figure it out, so he looked at that person. That person trembled and wanted to speak, but his body began to twitch as well. He turned into the second Evil Deities.
"It's said that the sealing stone is used to measure time. Does this mean that the frequency is near?" Evil Deities asked.
"It should be …" The second Evil Deities answered.
"But the Chaos World has changed drastically. What form will the final appear in?"
"No one can predict …"
"Let the main body ask the Bird Lords. Maybe they will know."
"Yes, but I'm not concerned about the final. Since the Serpent Spirit King wants to complete the descent, the final must be within its consideration. I'm curious about the afterimage I saw just now."
"Didn't we talk about these afterimages last time? The sealing stone itself is a timer of chaos. When it appears, it will cause a slight time disorder, and we will see the afterimage. "
"I don't think so. If time is really out of order, then the number of afterimages should be the same for each of us. However, the number of afterimages of each of our doppelgangers, including the main body, is very different. These afterimages are probably other versions of us!"
Evil Deities had a big disagreement about the strange afterimages.
One side believed that it was just a simple temporal disorder, while the other side believed that there really were many 'selves', but these 'selves' were usually hidden in the body and could only be observed when the temporal disorder occurred.
"So what if it's another one of us? They have always existed in sync with us. Normally, we wouldn't notice them at all. This is meaningless … "
"There must be a meaning to its existence …"
This question also troubled the main body of Evil Deities.
He leaned on the side of the hall and listened to the debate between the Evil Deities. He was also confused by these afterimages.
"Hmm?"
At this time, the main body of Evil Deities suddenly felt that one of the doppelgangers was extremely excited. Then, an Evil Deity who was squatting in the corner of the square suddenly laughed, attracting the attention of the other Evil Deities.
"What are you laughing at?"
"If you have something to say, say it quickly!"
"Stop pretending …"
The Evil Deities sneered. "Those afterimages have always been in our bodies. They can only be seen when the time fluctuates. Why do you think?"
"Why?" Some Evil Deities were puzzled.
"Because you are all idiots," the Evil Deities scolded.
The other Evil Deities were not angry. Instead, they retorted, "We are all the same. Are you scolding yourself?"
They came from the same person and had the same personality, the same emotions, and the same wisdom.
On the other hand, the main body of Evil Deities in the hall was a little depressed. Why did they suddenly start scolding? The Evil Deities who scolded continued, "These afterimages are so vivid. We can see them when the time is chaotic, but we can't see them when the time is stable. That is because our cultivation in space-time is not enough. If our cultivation is enough, we can naturally distinguish them.
。”
These words sounded reasonable, but they were undoubtedly nonsense …
The current cultivation of the Evil Deities in the Chaotic World was already at the peak.
Not only did they unify the 3,001 Divine Paths, but they also comprehended the six Divine Paths of Truth. They even used the power of the six Divine Paths of Truth to create the even more powerful "Six True Fusion Explosion".
Putting aside the Nirvana Token and the bloodline of the Immortal Realm, the Evil Deities were simply unprecedented.
"But the fusion of Dao energy that we cultivate has reached the limit."
"Yes, this is common knowledge …"
"There is even less possibility of strengthening the Spatial Truth!"
The Evil Deities said one after another. "Didn't that birdman called Han Ge tell us that the Chaos World was descended from the Master Realm? The energy that exists in the Chaos World is also descended from the Master Realm. Although we haven't been there before, we've never been there.
Although we have not gone to the Immortal Painting Scroll, how is the bloodline power obtained from it different from the Divine Path? "
The Evil Deities were silent, but a light seemed to have been lit in their hearts.
They were originally the same person, and their hearts were connected. In an instant, they all understood what he was trying to say.
"The bloodline power of the Main Realm is clearly the same thing as the fusion of Dao energy!" The Evil Deities who scolded said.
"The difference in power is huge …" The Evil Deities reminded.
In the battle of the Blood Sea Prefecture, the two Immortal Realm experts, Ji Xuanyuan and Shinno, had displayed their strongest abilities. This had already exceeded the Evil Deities' expectations. If not for the Evil Deities being able to clone themselves at will, the outcome would have been uncertain.
"Of course there is a difference, but since the two are the same, we have a way to restore them," The Evil Deities who scolded continued.
"Restore the fusion of Dao energy into bloodline power …"
"That's a crazy idea!"
"Impossible!"
"Idiots, how do you know it won't work if you don't try? Before this, who had the complete fusion of Dao energy? "The Evil Deities scolded again. At this time, the Evil Deities' main body's voice rang out in the hall. "That's a good idea, but you've overlooked one point. The birdmen came from the Main Realm, and they were born with the bloodline power of the Main Realm. However, I've asked Shen Tu, and they don't know what the afterimage is.
What's going on? "
"If you want to see the afterimage clearly, you'll need a higher level of power than the Main Realm. Perhaps we can continue to restore it …" The Evil Deities speculated. "In the end, all the powers can be restored to one type!"
"Isn't that the fusion of Dao energy?" The Evil Deities roared with laughter.
However, the Evil Deities' main body didn't laugh. Instead, he wore an unprecedentedly serious expression.
Han Ge had once told him about the history of the Four Spirit Gates, and he had also mentioned a higher level world called the "Deep Space". This point coincided with the Evil Deities' speculation.
Restoring the fusion of Dao energy might be an option …
"You, come into the hall," the Evil Deities' main body said to the Evil Deities.
"What for?" The Evil Deities who scolded them didn't understand. "I'll give you a reward."

Chapter 3772
Less than a month after the second sealing stone, the third sealing stone appeared.
At this time, both the people in the mother world and the people in Li Mountain began to worry.
There was only one possibility for the sealing stones to appear so frequently — the End was coming.
However, this Chaos Epoch seemed to have reached an even worse state than before.
At the end of previous eras, there was only one place of origin like the mother world, and there was only one dominator-level civilization in this place of origin. When this dominator-level civilization faced the End, they would gather the strength of the entire civilization to resist.
。
Of course, not every era would have a dominator-level civilization. There might be three to five superpowers, but these superpowers would join forces to resist the End. Anyway, the chaos was about to be destroyed, and all the hatred of the past was gone.
It was meaningful.
Not only was there no dominator-level civilization in this Chaos Era, but even the superpowers were like a sheet of loose sand.
Even Li Mountain, who valued the Path of the End the most, could not even take care of himself. He hid in Luo Zheng's place of origin.
At this point, no one could care about the End anymore.
More than twenty days later, the fourth sealing stone appeared in the mother world again. There was one less grain of sand in the hourglass.
At the same time, in the blood-colored sky above the place of origin, a blood cocoon cracked open, and Luo Zheng climbed out.
"The blood cocoon is the last strengthening method?" Luo Zheng asked.
"For now," the Origin Divine Blood replied.
"It's time to go …"
Luo Zheng's figure shook slightly, and like a meteor, he fell straight down and landed on the Jade Platform of Li Mountain in the blink of an eye.
During this time, the Primeval Lord of Heaven had come to the Jade Platform several times. He wanted to send news to Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng was always in seclusion, so he did not stay for long.
Today, the Primeval Lord of Heaven had been waiting here, and Luo Zheng had really come.
"The Grandmaster of Heaven has come to Night Vision Island three times," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said directly.
"Why?" Luo Zheng was a little puzzled.
"The bird masters are anxious for us to go to Jade Clear Sky," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said.
Jade Clear Sky had also regained its peace during this period of time. The long war between the Bird Spirit Gate and the Snake Spirit Gate had finally stopped for a few days. However, the Bird Spirit Gate was constantly in fear. After all, the Snake Spirit Gate was a fierce tiger that could pounce at any time.
"Even if we go to Jade Clear Sky, we won't immediately attack the Snake Spirit Sect," Luo Zheng said after thinking for a while.
His goal had always been the Earth Altar in Yu Qingtian.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven smiled calmly. "If we bring the Monkey Spirit Sect into the Jade Clear Sky, we will naturally intimidate the Snake Spirit Sect. The pressure on the Bird Masters will naturally lessen."
Luo Zheng looked at the Land of Beginnings that was getting bigger and bigger, and said, "It's time to go!"
…
North of Shang Qing Heaven.
Thousands of cranes crouched on the side of the mountain.
The appearance of these crane-beak gulls looked a little funny. Their big beaks were like crane-beak hoes. They were not big in size, but they were notorious among the Nirvana Realm living creatures in Shang Qing Heaven. They were smart and cruel, and there were many of them.
The prey that they set their eyes on always ended up in a miserable state.
They had been entrenched here for a few days and nights. Their purpose was to capture the Bone Worms that crossed the border.
At this moment, they suddenly felt a trace of life aura coming from the side of the mountain.
The leader crane-beak gulls poked its head out to take a look. It saw people coming out of a cellar in the distance one after another.
"Coo coo …"
"Coo coo coo …"
These crane-beak gulls began to talk.
In their memory, the human race was a relatively weak target. They were also a kind of excellent food, but there were too few of them.
They had never encountered a situation where dozens of humans appeared at once.
The crane-beak gulls would be a little restless before they hunted. However, in order to be sure, they had to calm down. When the humans came close, they would swarm them. Within a few breaths, these humans would become food in their stomachs.
Just as they quieted down, they suddenly felt a shadow above their heads. It was as if a mass of dark clouds had floated past.
It never rained in Shang Qing Heaven. What they saw was a giant foot.
"Boom!"
This giant foot stepped down. Along with the crane-beak gulls and the mountain, all that was left was a big and deep footprint. The entire Shang Qing Heaven trembled.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
The Spirit Monkey King strode forward.
The Nirvana Realm creatures retreated when they saw such a huge creature.
Even the Shang Qing Heaven couldn't deal with the Hatred Level. What level should the Spirit Monkey King be at?
After Luo Zheng and the heroes of the human race climbed out of the cellar, they climbed onto the eagle back of the Wing King.
The Wing King flapped its wings and followed closely behind the Spirit Monkey King. It was like a green leaf floating in the air.
After the Wing King entered the Night Vision Island, the Primeval Lord of Heaven helped it ask for a secret blood control technique. Now, the Wing King's control of speed and space had increased by a big realm.
The distance from the cellar to the Hundred Thousand Pagoda Mountains was not far.
About four hours later, the Spirit Monkey King stopped in front of the Hundred Thousand Pagoda Mountains.
"How do we open the entrance to the Jade Clear Heaven?" the Spirit Monkey King asked.
Da Gu and the other monkey lords were standing on the Spirit Monkey King's shoulders. They told the Spirit Monkey King how to open the entrance to the Jade Clear Heaven.
"Third row from the left, 120 seats …"
"Upper right, 66th row …"
"First row …"
For the Spirit Monkey King, the Hundred Thousand Pagoda Mountains were like a chessboard.
Under Da Gu's instructions, the Spirit Monkey King strolled among them. It casually reached out and pushed the Pagoda Mountains to the ground.
When the Spirit Monkey King pushed down about 14 Pagoda Mountains, the ground suddenly shook. Then, there was the sound of a mechanism locking together.
"Ka, ka, ka, ka …"
After the underground mechanism was completely locked together, a magic array was activated. In the center of the Hundred Thousand Pagoda Mountains, a blue halo suddenly appeared. Then, the blue halo quickly expanded and formed a space passage.
"This is the passage to the Jade Clear Heaven," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said excitedly.
In the past, the heroes of the human race had paid an unimaginable price to find this passage. In the end, they still failed.
"Actually, there are several passages to the Jade Clear Heaven. They are all located in different directions. The passage opened by the Spirit Monkey King is the largest one," Taishang Laojun said. This time, he was going to the Jade Clear Heaven with his only remaining soul.
"I'll go in first. You guys follow behind," the Spirit Monkey King turned around and said.
Then, he led the other monkey lords and lightly jumped. The moment they touched the passage, they were sucked in.
After the monkey lords entered, the Wings Monarch also lightly flapped his wings and flew into the passage.
"Whoosh …"
The space passage was pitch-black.
Rather than calling it a passage, it was more like a static space.
Everyone was stunned. It was as if they were trapped in a closed world.
After waiting for about the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the pitch-black world suddenly lit up. Everyone appeared in a new world.

Chapter 3773
Every level of the Nirvana Realm had tremendous pressure. Normally, when a Nirvana Realm cultivator ascended to a new level, he or she would feel severe discomfort.
Even someone like Luo Zheng could feel it clearly.
However, after being in there for a long time and getting used to the pressure, he or she could not feel it.
As the core area of the top level of the Nirvana Realm, Luo Zheng thought that the pressure here would be unprecedented.
However, after arriving here, Luo Zheng did not feel the slightest bit of pressure.
What appeared in front of him was a green grassland. There was a small lake in the distance. A faint breeze blew past, causing the lake to sparkle.
This was not the Nirvana Realm. It was clearly an ordinary world.
However, Luo Zheng soon realized that something was wrong.
Beside him, the Primeval Lord of Heaven, Fuxi, and the others were all in a state of rigidity. It was as if they had been immobilized. Not only them, but the Monkey King and the Monkey Masters were also in the same state.
…
"Senior Primeval Lord of Heaven?"
"Senior Fuxi …"
"What's going on?"
Luo Zheng's face was filled with astonishment.
No matter how powerful the spatial technique was, it was impossible to immobilize everyone. Moreover, the Monkey Masters and the Monkey King were there!
"Crack, crack, crack …"
At this moment, black cracks appeared in the distance in Luo Zheng's vision.
These black cracks were like countless crawling insects. They approached Luo Zheng from afar.
Everything along the way was completely eroded by the cracks. Whether it was the lake or the grassland, they all disappeared quickly like background scenery.
"Be careful, Luo Zheng. This is the Swallowing Sky Technique!" Taishang Laojun's voice sounded in Luo Zheng's mind.
"This Swallowing Sky Technique can trap all of them?" Luo Zheng asked.
"No, you are the one who is trapped," Taishang Laojun said. "What you see is all an illusion. This Swallowing Sky Technique will tear you and these illusions to pieces …"
"Crack, crack, crack …"
The black cracks approached from afar. They were getting faster and faster. In a short while, they had spread to the human heroes.
Just as Taishang Laojun had said, the Monkey King, the Monkey King, and all the other human heroes were just nothingness. They were directly eroded into pieces by the black cracks and disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight.
The others might be an illusion, but Luo Zheng himself was the real deal.
Seeing the black crack closing in on him, he had nowhere to run.
"Crack, crack …"
When the first black crack spread on Luo Zheng's body, an extremely powerful tearing force came.
"Ka, ka …"
With the help of the Divine Blood of Origin, Luo Zheng's physical body was far stronger than before. In the face of this powerful Swallowing Sky Technique, his body was as solid as a rock. Only the edges of his body were slightly warped, and then the black cracks lost their power to move forward.
…
"Cha, beep …"
"Crack …"
Then came the second one, the third one …
Hundreds of thousands of black cracks surrounded Luo Zheng and tore him apart.
"This Swallowing Sky Skill is not as terrible as I imagined …" Luo Zheng said.
Taishang Laojun was speechless. This round of strengthening was indeed extraordinary, so he said, "It's your body that's too strong."
This attack lasted for an entire incense stick's worth of time before the black cracks gradually faded away and the surrounding space gradually cleared up. However, the scene that unfolded before Luo Zheng's eyes shocked him greatly.
Not far away, the Fire God Zhurong had turned into a human-shaped flame. The flame was divided into hundreds of parts. A large part was extinguished, and another large part was ignited. However, after each extinguishment, he could clearly feel that the flame was weakened by a bit!
Nuwa's physical body had completely disappeared. She had turned into a pure shadow of Nuwa, but her shadow was constantly being cut apart …
Fuxi, Gonggong, East Emperor, and the others were all using their own methods to resist.
"They were also affected by the Swallowing Sky Technique?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes." Taishang Laojun nodded.
Even among human heroes, there were differences in strength.
For example, Nuwa, Gonggong, and Zhurong could still resist the black cracks by activating their bloodline to the extreme and turning it into an energy body after practicing the blood control secret method. However, not all bloodline power could be turned into an energy body.
On the other side, Di Jun's body was shining with blue light. His whole body was fluttering like a feather, avoiding the black cracks.
However, the black cracks would eventually converge on the target. No matter how ingenious Di Jun's spatial magic was, he would eventually be forced into a desperate situation …
"Puff! Puff! Puff … "
Horrifying cracks appeared on Di Jun's body as blood gushed out from his wounds.
"Senior Di Jun!"
Luo Zheng took a step forward and flashed behind Di Jun.
"Buzz …"
A green life force emerged from Luo Zheng's place of origin. This was the ability of the Origin Blood, which could heal even the most serious injuries.
However, when this life force rushed out, it brushed past Di Jun!
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
"He's not here," the Origin Blood replied.
In theory, when the Space-Swallowing Technique covered this area, everyone would be isolated.
"Then find him …"
Even though the Space-Swallowing Technique was very powerful, it was still a magic of the fourth grid world. It could not escape the Origin Blood's space-time quadrant.
However, before he could finish speaking, Di Jun seemed to have reached his limit. Hundreds of cracks appeared on his body at the same time.
"Puff!"
In the next moment, his body was torn to shreds, and blood splattered in all directions.
"Senior, Senior Di Jun …"
Luo Zheng's expression changed drastically.
"Puff, puff, puff …"
Not far away, more blood mist exploded. At the same time, human heroes were dying continuously.
The Space-Swallowing Technique descended without any warning and rapidly took away everyone's lives!
"Sigh …"
Taishang Laojun sighed in his mind.
Compared to the heavy injuries suffered by the human heroes, the monkey lords were in a much better condition.
The Treacherous Body could withstand endless division. Although the Space-Swallowing Technique tore them into pieces, they could be restored in an instant.
As for the Monkey Spirit King, he stood in place and looked straight ahead. No one knew what he was looking at …
After more than ten breaths of time, this miserable scene finally came to an end.
"Buzz …"
The human figure and Nuwa's figure flickered. The originally blurry boundary slowly became clear, and Nuwa's body was restored.
In order to deal with the Space-Swallowing Technique, Nuwa's original body had squeezed her bloodline power to the limit. At this moment, her face was as white as paper. When she saw the puddles of blood on the ground, her expression was extremely ugly.
"Whoosh!"
Just beside Nuwa, a black and white Eight Trigrams was still slowly rotating. Then, Fuxi's figure appeared from it. Facing the Space-Swallowing Technique, Fuxi's original body seemed very relaxed. However, when he saw the miserable state of the human heroes, his expression changed.
It was extremely ugly …
Then, Zhurong, Gonggong, Eastern Emperor's original body, and the others gradually recovered their original appearances.
"Da, da …"
Not far away, the scattered emerald green fragments on the ground began to move. These green fragments kept piecing together and soon pieced together into the shape of Wing King. However, at this moment, Wing King's body was much smaller.
"Only, only these few survived …" Yuanshi Tianzun came out of a ball of bright light with a gloomy face.

Chapter 3774
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others from the Chaotic World were not brought to Jade Clear Heaven.
Including Luo Zheng, there were 40 people from the Human Clan in total.
As soon as they set foot in Jade Clear Heaven, more than 30 people died, and only seven people survived …
It was hard for anyone to accept such a situation.
"This … is the Snake Spirit King's method?" Nuwa said sadly.
"Yes, Taishang Laojun said it was called the Swallowing Sky Technique …" Luo Zheng answered in a low voice.
Taishang Laojun's Divided Soul floated above Luo Zheng's head. "This is a Divine Ability of the 'Space Guidance Stone'. The Snake Spirit King should have been prepared …"
"Could it be that the Snake Spirit King has been lying in ambush here?" Fuxi looked around vigilantly.
The surrounding environment was as quiet as ever, and there was no trace of Treachery.
Taishang Laojun shook his head. "It doesn't need to lie in ambush here. The 'Limited Omniscient Stone' can understand everything in Jade Clear Heaven, including our conversation now!"
"The Limited Omniscient Stone is so powerful?" Fuxi's eyes widened.
Taishang Laojun said angrily, "I told you before we set off, but you didn't listen carefully!"
Taishang Laojun learned some of the Snake Spirit King's methods from Elder Xue, and after hiding in Jade Clear Heaven for so many years, he more or less knew some of the Snake Spirit King's Divine Abilities, but he did not know everything.
"Before we set off, I knew it was a dangerous trip, but I didn't expect it to be so dangerous," Yuanshi Tianzun lamented.
Taishang Laojun, on the other hand, was much calmer. "At least they've left a part of their soul in the Instrument of Civilization. Like me, they'll be spectators in the final moments."
If the Chaotic World was really destroyed or the Snake Spirit Sect completed its downgrade, all the creatures in the Chaotic World would be destroyed. The humans present had lived for a long time, so it made no difference if they died earlier or later.
The few people present were still immersed in sorrow. Donghuang, who was standing with his sword, was facing the other side. When he saw the Monkey Spirit King in the distance, he suddenly exclaimed, "What's going on over there?"
The Monkey Spirit King was waiting for the other Treachery to recover. As a former comrade of Sin, how could the Monkey Spirit King not know about the Swallowing Sky Technique?
No matter how powerful the Sky Swallowing Technique was, it would not be able to cause any harm to Shift. All it had to do was wait for the monkey lords to return to their original state.
But at this moment, the Monkey King glanced at Luo Zheng's direction. A strange expression appeared on his huge face. Then, he led the Monkey Kings away.
With the Spirit Monkey King's huge body running, the earth would definitely tremble.
However, Luo Zheng's side didn't feel anything. On the other side, there was only a picture transmitted over, but there was no sound or aura fluctuation. If Donghuang hadn't accidentally seen it, Luo Zheng and the others wouldn't have even noticed it!
"Spirit Monkey King … Why did it run away?" asked Gong Gong confusedly.
"Oh no, we have to chase after them!" Nuwa said with her eyes wide open.
It hadn't been easy for them to win over the Monkey Spirit Sect's support, but the Monkey Spirit King had been separated as soon as they entered the Clear Jade Sky. This was an unacceptable result.
"Sou!"
"Sou!"
Fuxi, Donghuang, and Luo Zheng rushed towards the Spirit Monkey King.
Although Fuxi and Donghuang had consumed a large amount of their bloodline power in order to resist the Space Swallowing Technique, their current speed wasn't slow. They should be able to cover such a short distance in the blink of an eye.
However, after running for a short distance, a strange scene occurred.
The distance between them and the Spirit Monkey King didn't decrease. Instead, it increased. In just a few breaths, the Spirit Monkey King had disappeared. However, they still seemed to be running in the same place.
"There's something strange about the space here!" Fuxi said as he stretched out his hand.
"Hua!"
Hundreds of black and white trigrams shone into the distance.
These trigrams didn't move very far. Instead, they stopped in the nearby space.
"It's a spatial wall! Break it! "
"Boom boom boom …"
The black and white trigrams exploded on the spatial wall.
This invisible wall didn't budge at all after withstanding Fuxi's attack.
"Buzz …"
Donghuang Taiyi also made his move.
He gently pinched his two fingers together, and a three-foot long sword appeared in his hand.
Then, he stopped, turned around, and slashed …
It was as if a row of suns had streaked across the spatial wall, forming a golden river that was hundreds of feet long.
If nothing blocked it, this golden river could flow for tens of thousands of kilometers. It was easy to imagine how powerful it was.
However, no matter how powerful the golden river was, it stopped silently when it came into contact with the Spatial Wall. It was unable to move forward at all. When the golden river came into contact with the Spatial Wall, it was as if it was confined within an inch of space and was being compressed infinitely.
"How is this possible …" Donghuang Taiyi's face was filled with confusion.
"This is a spatial guiding wall," Taishang Laojun explained. "You … your attacks can only approach the spatial wall infinitely, but they can never touch it!"
This wasn't to say that the spatial wall was very sturdy. It was just that this wall had an almost shameless rule!
"Is this also an ability of the spatial guiding stone?" Nuwa asked with a frown.
"Yes." Taishang Laojun nodded.
Earlier, Taishang Laojun had repeatedly emphasized the power of the Divine Assistant.
However, the human heroes had mastered the secret technique of blood control, and their strength had soared like never before. This gave them great confidence.
What Divine Assistant? Was it just a slightly more powerful Paramita Token? Was it as powerful as bloodline power?
In the end, they were almost wiped out …
Luo Zheng silently approached the invisible wall, and then reached out his hand.
When his hand neared the Spatial Wall, a strange scene appeared. His finger should have touched the Spatial Wall, but he couldn't feel anything at all. What was even stranger was that half of his finger seemed to have been squeezed into the Spatial Wall and disappeared.
He lost half of it.
When Luo Zheng retracted his hand, it quickly returned to its original state.
"I'm afraid this spatial wall isn't that easy to break …" Taishang Laojun shook his head.
While he was speaking, Luo Zheng had already crashed into the spatial wall without hesitation. He began to get infinitely close to the spatial wall. To outsiders, his body was squeezed to the edge of the wall, out of shape. However, Luo Zheng's body didn't suffer any injuries.
Damn.
"This distance is enough. Break it …"
Luo Zheng's voice came from the "edge" of the wall.
The guiding wall built by the spatial guiding stone was indeed ingenious. Luo Zheng sensed that it used almost all of the power in the quadrant of time and space. However, as the owner of the Origin Divine Blood, he could still easily find a way to restrain it.
Luo Zheng's body suddenly twisted like a snake. At the same time, the invisible spatial wall began to twist like the surface of the water.
"Kacha …"
A crisp and pleasant shattering sound came. The spatial wall twisted a few times and directly broke into countless pieces.
This invisible barrier had disappeared, and the scenery in the distance didn't change at all. However, the Spirit Monkey King had already disappeared without a trace.

Chapter 3775
The environment of the Clear Jade Sky was still peaceful and peaceful, but everyone present felt a trace of coldness.
More than half of them were dead, and their biggest supporter, the Monkey Spirit King, had run away.
What was going on?
"What should we do now? Without the help of the Monkey Spirit Sect, we can't fight against the Snake Spirit Sect," Gonggong said.
"Let's leave the Jade Clear Sky first," Zhurong said.
In their hearts, they already had the intention to give up.
They couldn't be blamed. After all, the support of the Monkey Spirit Sect was the prerequisite for this operation. Without the prerequisite, there was nothing left to do. It was better to retreat first and plan later.
"The exit of this passage is on the other side of the Jade Clear Sky. Now that the Snake Spirit King has its eyes on them, I don't think it will let us go."
"Then we can only go down one path," Fuxi said, looking straight ahead.
"I don't know what the Monkey Spirit King saw and why it ran away, but it is huge. We can follow the tracks it left behind." Nuwa had calmed down and started to look for a solution.
"The Monkey Spirit King is so powerful, but it is still so reckless. It looks like it will die in the hands of the Snake Spirit King soon," Donghuang sighed helplessly.
"Let's not waste time. Let's go," Luo Zheng said.
"Whoosh."
The Wing King flapped its wings and crouched beside Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, Yuanshi Tianzun, Donghuang, and Nuwa all jumped on the Wing King's back. As the Wing King flapped its wings, it turned into a green shadow and shot out.
Hundreds of miles ahead was a stretch of low mountains. There were some native Nirvana Realm creatures, but they were very docile. Even when they saw Luo Zheng and the others, they had no intention of attacking.
If those Nirvana Realm creatures were sent here, no one would believe that this was the Jade Clear Sky.
"There are footprints."
"The Monkey Spirit King's footprints."
"Follow the footprints."
There were huge footprints on the ground. Probably only the Monkey Spirit King could make them. The Wing King followed these eye-catching footprints and flew close to the ground.
The Wing King was very fast. In a short time, it had covered 500 miles.
The footprints came one after another, but there was no sign of the Monkey Spirit King.
After chasing for about eight hundred miles, the scenery began to change.
The original emerald green hue had become sparse and was replaced by a grayish-white color. A large area of the ground was exposed with gray stones.
There were still footprints, and they were still very clear.
"The footprints are still there. We should be in the right direction," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said with some confusion.
"The Spirit Monkey King's running speed is so fast." Nuwa frowned. She felt that something was wrong.
Old Lord Taishang said, "The Guiding Space Stone can create many illusions. That stone was able to trick the Spirit Monkey King, so perhaps it can create these footprints to trick you."
"Let's go down and take a look," Luo Zheng said to Hope.
The Wing King understood what Luo Zheng meant. After flying forward for some distance, he stopped at the side of a huge footprint.
Luo Zheng walked to the edge of the footprint, which was as big as a lake compared to Luo Zheng's body.
He put his hand into the big pit from the edge, then closed his eyes and began to analyze the energy composition here. Under such analysis, he did not detect any strange aura. Instead, there was a trace of residual space power.
He suddenly opened his eyes and said with a dignified expression, "These footprints are probably created by spatial magic. They are not the Spirit Monkey King's footprints."
"They deliberately led us to the wrong path," Nuwa said, biting her lip.
"This is the Snake Spirit King's doing." Fuxi looked around.
Everyone's expression became more nervous.
Since stepping into Jade Clear Sky, they had been targeted, and all kinds of methods had been used on them. This was absolutely bad news.
"Luo Zheng, come up first. I'll take you away," the Wing King said.
After Luo Zheng jumped on the Wing King's back, the Wing King dived down and then flew in a huge arc to the other side.
Now that Luo Zheng had seen the origin of these footprints, the Wing King naturally turned around to avoid them.
But after flying for dozens of miles, everyone's face suddenly sank. There was another huge footprint in front of them.
"On purpose?" Nuwa gritted her teeth and said.
"It seems to be teasing us." Zhurong had a fiery temper. After making such a ruckus, his eyes were about to spurt flames.
The Wing King's wings shook slightly and changed direction again. But after flying for less than ten miles in this direction, the huge footprint appeared again.
"Don't pay attention to these footprints. Senior Laojun, point the way. We'll head to the center of Jade Clear Sky," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
Footprints should not be used as a reference. They were obsessed with avoiding the footprints, but it was easy to get lost.
"Are we not going to find the Spirit Monkey King?" the Wing King asked.
"We don't have the conditions to find it. We can only do this," Luo Zheng replied.
Thus, the Wing King did not change direction again and only flew in one direction. No matter how many footprints appeared, he did not move.
Inside Sky City.
Two stones appeared above the Spirit Monkey King's head.
One was an amber diamond-shaped gem, which was the limited omniscient stone.
The other was a light blue triangular gem, which was another saint's item, the Guiding Spatial Stone.
Through its limited omniscience, the Stone Monkey Spirit King could see everything in the Clear Jade Sky, from a small grain of sand to a large Monkey Spirit King that was running wildly. It could see through any secret, any detail.
The Guiding Spatial Stone could change the space of an area at will.
It could easily create a huge space to sink and form a huge footprint!
To the Spirit Snake King, it was indeed like a cat playing with mice.
The Sky Swallowing Technique was released by the Spirit Snake King. It did not need too many mice. Those that were not strong enough were naturally eliminated.
Buzz, buzz, buzz!
Every time the Guiding Spatial Stone flashed, a footprint would appear in front of Luo Zheng and his group. However, they still continued to advance in the designated direction.
"It's boring to not be affected by the footprints. Let's kill a few more!"
The blue light on the Guiding Spatial Stone flashed intensely. A huge blue space cone appeared out of thin air and covered the Wing King.
According to the Spirit Snake King's thoughts, this group of people would be tormented by it. In the end, only one would survive.
Swish! Swish!
Those space cones were extremely powerful. It was definitely not something an ordinary Immortal Realm expert could resist.
The Wing King felt the power of those space cones. It flapped its wings and flew forward at an incredible speed. However, it still could not fly out of the range of the space cones.
Pfff! Pfff!
Under the direct attack of these space cones, everything that was enveloped was smashed into pieces.
After all the space cones were shot down, the Spirit Snake King used the limited omniscient stone to check again. However, it was suddenly stunned. Luo Zheng and his group had disappeared from the limited omniscient stone!

Chapter 3776
The reason why the Snake Spirit Gate could disassemble the other three Spirit Gates in the Chaotic World was due to its ten sacred objects.
Every single one of the Saint's Auxiliary Artifacts had extremely domineering abilities.
For example, the Ominous Bead had a power that other Nirvana tokens could not reach, and the Space Guidance Stone could freely control space.
The Limited Omniscient Stone was even more powerful.
When the wearer entered a relatively closed area, he could know everything in that area.
This ability was not effective in the main world, but in the Chaotic World, every Heaven of the Nirvana Realm was effective.
There were only a few ways to avoid the detection of the Limited Omniscient Stone. For example, the bubble was one of them.
However, after the Snake Spirit Gate destroyed the bubble of Taishang Laojun, it should not appear again in the Jade Clear Heaven.
Even if Taishang Laojun had a trick up his sleeve, it was impossible for the bubble to disappear under the detection of the Snake Spirit King. Because the omniscient stone could obtain all details, including the process of the bubble opening. When all Du Zhen returned to the bubble, he was stared at by the Snake Spirit King.
He could not get rid of it.
The process of disappearing made the Snake Spirit King confused and annoyed.
He originally wanted to tease Luo Zheng and his people, but now he was the one being teased.
"Crush you to death …"
"Crack!"
"Sh * t …"
"Boom!"
The Space Guidance Stone exerted its power again.
At the place where Luo Zheng and his people disappeared, the ground kept sinking, and everything was squeezed by the space.
After the stone was turned into powder, it was condensed into a ball and kept getting smaller until it changed its characteristics and collapsed into an indescribable substance.
Some of the Nirvana Realm creatures living underground and in the crevices of the stone were squeezed and spat out blood, turning into an indescribable broken body, and then they were trampled into tiny dust.
The ground exploded like a spider web, radiating in all directions.
Ten miles, a hundred miles, a thousand miles …
Everything within a thousand miles finally ceased to exist, forming a huge deep pit.
At the edge of the deep pit, an intelligent lizard-man saw this scene and was stunned.
The lizard-man was a relatively strong Nirvana Realm creature in the Jade Clear Heaven. They had a unique way of survival, and even in the treacherous Jade Clear Heaven, they had a place. However, when the violent space collapse happened in front of him, the lizard-man group.
They lived in the deep pit.
The terrifying Space Collapse had destroyed everything in just a few breaths of time. Could its race still survive?
"Whoosh …"
The iguana man crawled into the deep pit at an extremely fast speed, but there were only pieces of colorful powder in the pit. Under that terrifying pressure, all auras dissipated, even its greatest chief, who was able to fight against the eight strange warriors of the Resentment Level.
'Oh, and the prophet of the clan …'
Not a single living being survived!
No …
As the iguana man roared in despair in its heart, a few people suddenly appeared in its eyes.
The surface of these people's bodies seemed to have been bathed in silver powder, shining with silver light from head to toe.
"Who are they? How can he survive under such terrifying pressure? "The iguana man was confused.
The leader of the group walked towards the iguana monster. Even though he had a smile on his face, the iguana monster was still terrified. It couldn't help but take a few steps back.
"Can you see me now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Hiss, hiss, what are you saying …" As an intelligent race, the iguana people had long since learned to speak.
"The show you can't see is the most exciting. It's better for us to disappear," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
"See, see what …" The iguana monster was still puzzled.
Luo Zheng reached out and gently wiped the iguana monster. As he kept waving his hand, the figures of him and the Heavenly Lord of the Origin gradually disappeared from the iguana monster's eyes. At the same time, they also disappeared from the Serpent King's eyes.
The limited omniscient stone could see everything, including what the iguana monster saw.
Luo Zheng's words were directed at the Serpent King.
Before, the Serpent King was only a little surprised and annoyed, but now it was completely enraged.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The Sky City began to shake again.
The bifid serpent immediately came to the Serpent King.
"My king, what happened?" the bifid serpent asked.
"Those guys … escaped," the Serpent King said.
The bifid serpent asked in surprise, "Forcing them to escape was part of my king's plan. How …"
"No, they avoided the limited omniscient stone right under my nose!" the Serpent King said angrily.
The bifid serpent quivered, its slender body a little stiff. As the king's left and right hand, it knew very well what this meant. They could directly compete with the limited omniscient stone? What kind of ability was this!
"Go and find them, find them!" the Serpent King roared.
The bifid serpent did not say a word and slipped down the passage and left.
After a while, hundreds of snake masters and thousands of snakes in the Sky City rushed out.
…
After Luo Zheng and the others climbed out of the deep pit safely, they began to move toward the west.
The Wing King originally wanted to continue flying with them, but Luo Zheng stopped him.
"The Space Deception Technique can indeed compete with the limited omniscient stone, but this method is very unstable. Try to avoid using other space powers," Luo Zheng told the Wing King.
Once this stable state was broken, they would be exposed to the Serpent King again.
"After I practiced the Blood Control Technique, I felt that my understanding of space had risen to a level that was previously unattainable, but it's just child's play in front of you …" the Wing King sighed.
Whether it was the limited omniscient stone or the Space Deception Technique, they were simply magical powers that the Wing King could not understand.
"We're fighting against an almost invincible opponent. If we can't even get rid of its prying, then don't think about the rest," Taishang Laojun said.
"Laojun, you've planned for so long and got Luo Zheng. You can still think about the rest," Fuxi smiled, and he regained his optimism as usual.
Now, they did not even use flying. They could only walk forward quickly, so their speed was naturally greatly reduced.
However, the Space Deception Technique could not only avoid the limited omniscient stone, but also avoid all kinds of Nirvana Realm creatures.
After passing through this gray area that was filled with stones, the group of them directly entered a relatively large non-human tribe.
These aliens wore masks on their heads and carried huge bone weapons on their backs. They looked abnormally strong. Nirvana Realm creatures who could grow to such an extent in the Jade Clear Heaven were not easy to deal with.
Luo Zheng and the others went directly through the tribe. These aliens' keen sense of smell did indeed smell a trace of a scent that did not belong to them, but they were unable to determine the source of the scent.
Fuxi even accidentally bumped into one of the alien tribesmen, causing him to stumble. However, he did not alarm them, and the group of them passed through the tribe safely.

Chapter 3777
"Thump, thump, thump …"
Northwest of Clear Jade Sky, the Spirit Monkey King was still sprinting.
With its massive body, it could reach a terrifying speed when running at full speed.
In front of the Spirit Monkey King, the Bifid Serpent was still sprinting. On the back of the Bifid Serpent were the bodies of human heroes. Those heroes were still alive. Some of them even arched their bodies and cried out for help from the Spirit Monkey King.
Once the Spirit Monkey King chose to trust someone, it would treat that person as its companion.
Furthermore, these humans had saved it. It would never allow the serpent lords to kidnap them in front of it.
"Thump, thump, thump …"
Every step the Spirit Monkey King took produced visible ripples on the ground.
Along the way, when the Nirvana Realm creatures saw this enormous creature, they were all frightened to the point that their faces turned ashen. They hurriedly hid while muttering in their hearts. Where did such a terrifying and treacherous creature come from? They had never heard of it before …
"King, jump up. Leave the next step to me." Big Gu stood on its shoulder and said to the Spirit Monkey King.
After chasing for so long, the Spirit Monkey King was frustrated that it had not caught up to it. It was just a mere Bifid Serpent. In the past, it would have been easily squashed to death with one hand. Even Sin could be squashed to death with just two hands.
It abruptly took a few steps forward, leaping hundreds of thousands of feet high, drawing a high parabola in the air.
At the instant the Spirit Monkey King fell, Big Gu stepped on its shoulder and rushed out. With the Spirit Monkey King's speed, Big Gu was like a fast arrow flying towards the Bifid Serpent.
The last time the Bifid Serpent invaded Night Vision Island, it had nearly taken the Spirit Monkey King away. This made Big Gu feel frustrated.
Once, the difference in strength between the two of them was like heaven and earth. After being imprisoned on Night Vision Island for so many years, it had been toyed with by the Bifid Serpent. Big Gu was determined to get back at it!
"Phew …"
As Big Gu rapidly approached, a bone club appeared in his hand. This thick bone club spun like a windmill and smashed towards the Bifid Serpent.
But to Big Gu's surprise, the Bifid Serpent's speed suddenly increased and easily pulled apart the distance between them!
How is this possible?
After chasing it for so long, the Bifid Serpent's speed should have reached a limit. How can it increase its speed by so much?
Is it deliberately lowering its speed to lure us?
Or did he have other plans?
No matter what it was, Da Gu had to grab hold of this opportunity.
"Die!"
Buzz!
The cross-shaped bone staff in Da Gu's hand began to glow before it was suddenly thrown out.
Swish!
Just as the cross-shaped bone club was about to hit the Spirit Snake King, a strange scene occurred.
The cross-shaped bone club turned into the shape of a white cross and was being compressed infinitely!
"Spatial Wall?" Da Gu's eyes were filled with surprise, but soon, a smile appeared on his face.
This cross-shaped bone club was once a supreme treasure of the Human Spirit Sect. It was the thigh bone of a Hollow Ghost. There was only one Hollow Ghost that had been killed in the Master Realm, and the thigh bone was taken from that Hollow Ghost. The two thigh bones were used to forge this club.
Cross Bone Club.
Later on, Yin Pu asked Ku Shu for it and gave it to Da Gu.
In the past, the cross-shaped bone staff was able to obtain energy from the Monkey Spirit Sect's Holy Pillar. It was a powerful weapon of the ancient era. Now, the cross-shaped bone staff's connection with the Holy Pillar had long since been severed. However, the cross-shaped bone staff still possessed the innate ability of the Hollow Ghost, capable of shattering all space!
"Crack …"
Under the rotation of the compressed cross-shaped bone staff, it truly shattered the spatial wall.
Seeing the spatial wall shatter, Da Gu coldly snorted. He was prepared to retrieve the cross-shaped bone staff and continue chasing the Bifid Serpent, but the next scene stunned him.
Dong! Dong! Dong!
The Spirit Monkey King ran over from behind and bent down to grab Da Gu. "What are you standing there for? Continue chasing!"
"It's gone …" Da Gu pointed ahead and said.
"What?" The Spirit Monkey King was stunned for a moment before he froze in place.
After the spatial wall shattered, the Bifid Serpent and the human heroes on its back had all disappeared.
"That was probably an illusion created by space …" Xia Gu said.
"No wonder even with King's speed, you couldn't catch up!" Ancient Cun shook his head.
After chasing it for such a long time, it was actually just an illusion.
The Spirit Monkey King stood in place for a moment before he stomped his feet.
"Boom!"
"Sin! Get out here! "
A terrifying force stomped on the ground, causing large cracks to appear.
Most of the time, the Spirit Monkey King was alert and sharp, but when he was angry, he only wanted to tear Sin to pieces.
At this moment, Da Gu and Kong Gu didn't even dare to persuade the Spirit Monkey King. They only stood on his shoulder silently.
At this moment, traces of spatial power gathered in front of the Spirit Monkey King. These spatial power lifted up the soil and stones on the ground bit by bit, finally forming a huge serpent. As the space trembled, the Spirit Snake King's voice sounded.
Come. "Yinyu, do you hate me to the bone?"
"I will tear you apart alive," the Spirit Monkey King said.
The Spirit Snake King sighed and said earnestly, "If my plan succeeds, your Monkey Spirit Sect will also have a share. I will help you restore the Monkey Spirit Sect's glory …"
"Boom!"
The Spirit Monkey King punched out heavily.
The force penetrated the huge serpent formed by the soil and stones, creating a huge hole in the ground.
"No one can fool me twice," the Spirit Monkey King replied.
More stones and soil flew up, once again forming the Spirit Snake King's appearance. He said in a sinister voice, "Come on then. Tear me apart in Heavenly Square City …"
As he spoke, more spatial power gathered, forming a huge vortex. As the vortex blossomed with azure light, it turned into a spatial passage.
The Spirit Monkey King looked at the spatial passage with a hint of interest.
"King, be careful …" Da Gu hurriedly stopped him.
Kong Gu, Xia Gu, Cun Gu, and the other monkey masters also looked at the passage with vigilant gazes.
The Monkey Spirit Sect had suffered too many losses at Sin's hands. No matter how they looked at it, this spatial passage was a huge trap.
The Spirit Monkey King was also hesitating.
Although he was confident in his peerless strength, he was far from being Sin's match in terms of intelligence. That was why he chose to cooperate with Luo Zheng and the other humans. However, he didn't expect to be forcibly separated by the Spirit Snake King as soon as he entered Clear Jade Sky!
Reason slowly took over the Spirit Monkey King's mind. He didn't step into the passage.
But at this moment, scenes appeared in the center of the spatial passage. They were scenes of the Spirit Snake Sect executing the Monkey Spirits in Heavenly Square City not long ago.
"It's Ning Gu!"
"Ning Gu actually didn't die?"
"There are still so many Monkey Spirits in Heavenly Square City?"
Ning Gu's strength was second only to Xia Gu's. He was once ranked fourth in the Monkey Spirit Sect and had an extremely good relationship with Da Gu and Kong Gu.
In the next scene, they saw the Monkey Spirits being executed. The coordinates were also knocked out …
"No!" Da Gu roared.
The Spirit Monkey King didn't say anything and stepped into the spatial passage.

Chapter 3778
Rashly entering the spatial tunnel was an extremely risky thing to do because no one knew where this tunnel led to.
If it was anyone else or any other race, they would have calmed down and realized that this was definitely a trap.
However, everyone in the Monkey Spirit Sect was impulsive.
Da Gu, Xia Gu, and the other monkey lords, who were still rational, were now filled with anger. They wanted to rush over with the Monkey Spirit King and tear those snake lords apart.
This spatial tunnel was not long and could be crossed in two or three steps. However, the moment the Monkey Spirit King stepped out, he felt countless bugs biting his body.
The Monkey Spirit King's body was extremely powerful and ordinary things could not bite him.
When the Monkey Spirit King saw the situation, his face sank. "Void Dust!"
This spatial tunnel led to the outside of the main Clear Sky Platform. This was sending them to a dead end!
"Zzz zzz zzz …"
The void dust corroded the Monkey Spirit King, Da Gu, Kong Gu, and the other monkeys.
They were a hundred miles away from the main Clear Sky Platform. It was impossible for them to fly back.
"Kong Gu!" the Monkey Spirit King shouted.
Among the monkey lords, Kong Gu was the most proficient in spatial divine art. Seeing this, Kong Gu opened his hands and two blue round holes appeared in his palms. The round holes here were also spatial passageways but they were different from ordinary spatial passageways.
This spatial tunnel existed in Kong Gu's body forever. The tunnel was very stable and could be summoned at any time.
"Whoosh!"
Kong Gu struck out with his palm and the azure round hole expanded, forming a huge tunnel.
At the same time, he struck in the opposite direction and another round hole appeared in the main Clear Sky Platform.
"King! Let's enter … "
When Kong Gu said this, half of his head was corroded by the void dust. He could not complete his sentence.
The Spirit Monkey King endured the pain and led the other monkey lords into the hole. However, just as it rushed out, the hole retreated a distance away from the Spirit Monkey King. It was actually avoiding the Spirit Monkey King!
The Monkey Spirit King glanced at Kong Gu. "What is the meaning of this?"
"Wu wu …"
Half of Kong Gu's head was corroded by the void dust and he could no longer speak. In a moment of desperation, he sent a message through his consciousness. "The Returning Heaven Cave is being controlled!"
"What …"
The Monkey Spirit King struggled and wanted to enter the round hole. However, the round hole retreated again as if it was toying with the Monkey Spirit King …
"Bastard!"
The Spirit Monkey King roared.
But even his voice couldn't travel far.
The area chosen by the Spirit Snake King was covered in Void Dust. Even the fluctuations of sound would be completely eroded by the Void Dust.
"Zi zi zi …"
Da Gu, Kong Gu, Xia Gu, and the other monkey lords were corroded one by one. In the end, even the Spirit Monkey King's huge body was completely corroded by the void dust.
Snake King in Heavenly Square City revealed a wisp of smile as he said, "Yinpu, Yinpu, you're still as stupid as before!"
When the Spirit Snake King had created the space tunnel, it had never thought that the Spirit Monkey would really enter it. It was just a provocation, but since the Spirit Monkey had really entered it, there was no need for it to be polite.
"Monkey Spirit King, did you really fall into the trap?" asked the two-headed serpent.
"It has been devoured by the Void Dust," the Snake Spirit King replied.
「 I wonder where their coordinates are, can you sense it, King? 」 the bifid serpent asked again.
The Snake Spirit King shook her head. "He shouldn't be in Jade Clear Sky …"
When the coordinates returned, there would be energy fluctuations, which could be detected with the limited omniscient stone.
The Snake Spirit King did not sense the energy fluctuations, so they should not be in Jade Clear Sky. They should be in Night Vision Island.
「 Then they should be in Night Vision Island, 」 the bifid serpent deduced.
Unexpectedly, the Snake Spirit King shook her head and said, "What if they are in the hands of those humans?"
「 Those humans … 」
The sudden disappearance of Luo Zheng and the others was indeed bad news. What was more troublesome was that the Snake Spirit King did not know what they had done.
If the other party could avoid the limited omniscient stone, the Snake Spirit King would not be able to find the coordinates of the Spirit Monkey King.
Today's killing was meaningless.
「 Continue to search, 」 the Snake Spirit King ordered.
At this time, the Snake Spirit King felt a little regretful.
If it had known this would happen, it would have directly killed its way into Night Vision Island.
If it had opened the door that way, it might have been more troublesome, but it was better than the current situation.
After the bifid serpent left, the black light floated in front of the Snake Spirit King again. "You can't even deal with the creatures in the Chaotic World. You are more useless than I thought …"
"Did I make any mistakes?" the Snake Spirit King asked.
The black light paused for a moment. "No."
"Don't underestimate them. Since you want to borrow their power, you have to bear the risk of getting burned," the Snake Spirit King said rather seriously.
…
The area of Jade Pure Heaven was much larger than that of Shang Pure Heaven and Tai Pure Heaven, and the environment was much more complicated.
After Luo Zheng and the others passed the tribe and climbed over several stone mountains, what appeared in front of them was an endless brown mud.
This quagmire, which was 5,000 miles wide, was called the Quagmire of Ignorance.
"Go in this direction …"
After Taishang Laojun pointed out the direction, everyone flew over the quagmire.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
A string of fish with spider legs drilled out of the quagmire. They did not notice the existence of Luo Zheng and the others and bumped into them.
Fuxi did not dodge. Under the collision, they were immediately trampled into a bloody mess.
"Fuxi, be careful," the Lord of the Origin advised.
"What's wrong? Are you afraid that the Snake Spirit King will find out? "Fuxi stared.
"It's possible," Goddess Nuwa said. "If too many Nirvana creatures die in a certain area, it will attract the attention of the Snake Spirit King. It can be speculated that …"
Fuxi's face showed a trace of helplessness, and he was even more careful during the journey. After traveling for more than 2,000 miles in the Quagmire of Ignorance, they were safe. However, after crossing a flat area, they were attacked by a kind of strange two-winged poisonous insect. These two-winged poisonous insects seemed to have a unique perception ability. Even Luo Zheng
And the others were protected by the Space Deception Technique, but they were still easily discovered.
The speed of this large group of two-winged poisonous insects was not slow, and they kept chasing after them. Unable to bear it, Zhurong took the risk of exposing himself and gently rolled them with the fire lotus, burning them to ashes.
After half a day, they passed through the Quagmire of Ignorance, and what came into view were three mountains, and in the middle of the mountains stood an altar.
This altar seemed to only have three levels, but it was extremely large, not much shorter than the three mountains around it.
"Is that the Altar of Earth?" Luo Zheng asked.
Taishang Laojun nodded. There was some excitement in his eyes, but there was also a trace of complexity. After returning here after so many years, this mystery was finally about to be solved. Although he only had a trace of his soul left, he was lucky to be able to see this scene.

Chapter 3779
This Earth Altar was not only huge in size, but also very beautiful in appearance.
The outermost ring was paved with a layer of milky white jade, as if it was poured with a layer of milk.
The outer wall was inlaid with a layer of gray stone bricks, and the surface of the stone bricks was carved with Sanskrit characters one after another.
Taishang Laojun had deciphered a lot of these Sanskrit characters, which basically recorded the glorious deeds of the Four Spirits Sects.
After Luo Zheng approached the wall, he activated the Tianzhi core and tried to decipher a few Sanskrit characters. The situation was similar to what Taishang Laojun said, which was about the origin of the Four Spirits Sects and so on.
This Earth Altar was originally built by Tianzhuan, so it was not surprising that these Sanskrit characters were left behind.
After walking along the side of the Earth Altar for a distance, there was a flight of stairs that went straight to the top.
Taishang Laojun looked a few times vigilantly, and a strange expression appeared on his face. "As far as I know, the Snake Spirit King attaches great importance to this place. No matter what the situation is, it will send Shifters to guard it. Why is there no Shifters today?"
Luo Zheng looked around and shook his head. "Forget it, let's go up first!"
Everyone followed Luo Zheng and stepped on the stairs.
This huge Earth Altar itself was not magical. There were only thousands of steps, and Luo Zheng and others had climbed up in a few breaths.
The top of the Earth Altar was a flat surface as smooth as a mirror. In the center of the flat surface, there was a square opening, and from the side of the square opening, there were steps extending to the inside of the Earth Altar.
"Senior Taishang Laojun, I have something I don't understand," Luo Zheng said.
"What is it?" Taishang Laojun said.
"Does the Snake Spirit King covet the things in the Earth Altar?" Luo Zheng asked.
Taishang Laojun thought for a moment and nodded. "It should be eager to enter the Earth Altar …"
According to Taishang Laojun's speculation, the bitter tree was very likely to be locked in the Earth Altar.
In the Four Spirits Sects, the Bird Spirit King remained neutral because of its kindness. The Monkey Spirit King was strong but stupid. Only the bitter tree and the Human Spirits were the strongest opponents of the Snake Spirit King.
"In that case, why doesn't it directly break the Earth Altar?" Luo Zheng asked.
Taishang Laojun shook his head. "I don't know.. "There are a few possibilities," Nuwa said. "This Earth Altar is very special. The Spirit Snake King can't open it, or the Earth Altar needs to be opened in a unique way. Using brute force will cause damage, or there is something in the Earth Altar that the Spirit Snake King is afraid of.
I didn't dare to release the thing inside … "
"The third point shouldn't be true. After all, the Snake Spirit King has defeated the other three gates. What in the entire Chaos world could make it fear?" Gong Gong, who had been silent the whole time, abruptly argued.
At this time, Luo Zheng said, "That's not necessarily true. This war involves not only the four Spirit Gates, but also a higher level of existence. It's not necessarily impossible that no one can restrain the Snake Spirit King …"
"No matter what, we'll know once we open the Earth Altar," Zhurong said.
Luo Zheng didn't dwell on this issue any longer and stepped down from the square opening.
The moment Luo Zheng stepped onto the steps, he felt a sliver of stickiness in the space below, as if there was a strange Space Force in this square opening.
He was slightly confused, but he didn't take it to heart.
However, in the Heavenly Square City tens of thousands of miles away, the Space Guidance Stone of the Snake Spirit King flickered.
"They've entered the Earth Altar? So fast? "The Snake Spirit King was a little excited.
It originally thought that Luo Zheng's group would play a game of cat and mouse, but it didn't expect that they would go straight to the Earth Altar.
The Snake Spirit King originally wanted Luo Zheng to open the Earth Altar alone and get rid of all the other obstacles before that. Although it didn't achieve its goal, at least the gate of the Earth Altar was opened by Luo Zheng!
"Boom …"
A huge crack bloomed on the Heavenly Square City, and the square city broke into pieces again.
"Gather all the snake masters and follow me to the Earth Altar," the Snake Spirit King's voice echoed in the space.
The snake masters and the Shifters that were sent out began to gather at the Earth Altar, and the Snake Spirit King personally led the elites in the Heavenly Square City to the Earth Altar …
…
There were more than a thousand steps in the square opening.
When Luo Zheng stepped down, he felt that the space was a little sticky.
Seeing Luo Zheng's steps, Nuwa was a little hesitant and asked, "Luo Zheng, what's wrong?"
Luo Zheng didn't answer. Instead, he stopped and closed his eyes to think. After a while, he opened his eyes again, and there was a trace of caution in his pupils. "There's a space boundary here, a very thin one …"
"Where is it?"
"Why didn't I notice it?"
"I didn't feel it either …"
The Honoured Lord of the Origin and the others looked strange.
"I felt it a little," Wing King said.
Wing King's bloodline talent was related to space, so he was more sensitive to space.
"This space boundary is very similar to the aura of the Space Guidance Stone," Luo Zheng said.
"Was it set up by the Snake Spirit King?" Nuwa asked.
"It should be." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Isn't that troublesome …" Zhurong's eyes widened, and his beard stood up.
"We'll stay outside and preside over the situation. Let Luo Zheng go in," the Honoured Lord of the Origin said decisively.
They had come this far and were already prepared to die.
After some discussion, everyone chose to stay outside, and Luo Zheng continued to go down the stairs.
When he reached the bottom of the stairs, Luo Zheng saw a stone door in front of him.
The stone door looked very simple, as if it had been casually cut out with a stone knife or an axe, and its surface was covered with messy carvings.
But in the middle of the stone door, there was a circular metal plate, and in the middle of the metal plate was a small keyhole.
"This is the door of the Earth Altar," Taishang Laojun said.
"This door seems very simple, as if it would open with a push," Luo Zheng smiled.
Taishang Laojun said, "Although your strength is far greater than mine, you shouldn't be able to open this door."
When Taishang Laojun came here, he had tried various methods.
Of course, Luo Zheng wouldn't use brute force to open the door. He gently raised his wrist, and the Sumeru Space opened, and a brass key jumped out.
He grabbed the key, inserted it into the metal plate, and twisted it gently.
"Kacha!"
A sound came from inside the stone door.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
After the stone door moved inwards, a cold wind blew out with a whoosh, and a layer of white frost instantly enveloped Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, was unaffected. The blood energy in his body circulated slightly, and the white frost dissipated. When he looked inside, he saw a snake-shaped path made of solid ice. Countless white dots of light floated on both sides of the path.
"Cold Prison, a huge Cold Prison …" Luo Zheng said.
In the upper levels of the Yu Sheng-tian, Luo Zheng had seen many Cold Prisons, but these Cold Prisons were very small in size. But the Cold Prison in front of him was different. Except for the ice path in the middle, the rest of the Cold Prison was a world formed by the Cold Prison. If one didn't look carefully, the dots of light in the sky would be mistaken for fluttering snowflakes.

Chapter 3780
Taishang Laojun floated above Luo Zheng's head, looking at the countless dots of light in front of him in a daze.
"This Cold Prison is filled with living beings from the Main World?" Taishang Laojun asked.
Taishang Laojun had some understanding of the Cold Prison. It was the place with the lowest temperature, but that was all.
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
"Can you see their original appearance?" Taishang Laojun asked again.
"I can, and so can you, senior," Luo Zheng smiled.
In the next moment, the Instrument of Civilization of the Tianzhi Civilization in the Land of Beginnings emitted a green light, and the Tianzhi Core in Yu Sheng-tian began to hum.
"Hum!"
A green light dyed Luo Zheng's eyes, while another green light dyed Taishang Laojun's eyes green.
The Tianzhi Core was very familiar with the Cold Prison's deciphering, so it deciphered it quickly.
A moment later, the originally chaotic dots of light returned to their original appearance in Luo Zheng and Taishang Laojun's eyes.
"What a strange ability, to restore these dots of light through powerful calculations …" Taishang Laojun sighed. When he saw the things in the Cold Prison, his eyes widened out of habit, "These … these are Human Spirits?"
Luo Zheng nodded.
It was almost impossible to tell the difference between Human Spirits and Human Spirits from their appearance, but Taishang Laojun was the only one who had set foot in Yu Qingtian since the 77th Chaos Era. It was impossible for any other Human Race to reach the Earth Altar.
These Human Spirits had lain in the Cold Prison for who knew how many years.
They wore the same standard golden armor, and they lay motionless on the ground as if they were asleep.
"I'm afraid these Human Spirits are all dead," Taishang Laojun said.
"Not necessarily …" Luo Zheng shook his head, "I once saw a giant survive in the Cold Prison on the second floor of Yu Sheng-tian. That giant's strength was far inferior to the Human Spirits."
The giant Bofan was born after the Mysterious Amount World was cleaned up. Bofan's strength came entirely from the fact that he was a living being of the Mysterious Amount World. Compared to the Human Spirits, his strength was like heaven and earth.
Since Bofan was able to survive, the Human Spirits should be able to do the same.
"You'll know if you can enter the Cold Prison to investigate, but I don't know if your body can withstand it …" Taishang Laojun gave the most direct suggestion.
The Cold Prison was very powerful and could freeze everything. In the past, Luo Zheng would not have dared to enter it.
However, after being strengthened by the Origin Divine Blood, Luo Zheng's physical body was no longer the same as before. Moreover, he could even use the Origin Divine Blood's abilities.
"Let me give it a try …"
Now, Luo Zheng had the confidence to try.
He slowly approached Leng Yu and placed his finger over the edge of Leng Yu's body.
At this moment, Luo Zheng felt a burning sensation as well as a sharp pain. However, this pain only lasted for a very short period of time. In the next moment, Luo Zheng was frozen in place, turning into an ice sculpture.
"Phew …"
The unreasonably powerful cold air not only froze every part of Luo Zheng's body but also affected his Inner World.
The cold air went straight to Luo Zheng's Dantian. Large amounts of white cold air drilled out from the top of the blood-colored sky. If it was not stopped, the entire Land of Origin would turn into a world of ice and snow, and ninety-nine percent of the creatures living there would be frozen to death.
Of course, this did not happen …
The moment the cold air descended, the Origin Divine Blood began its counterattack.
In the center of the blood-colored sky, energy constantly spiraled and gathered, forming a golden sun. Wherever the sun's light shone, the white fog would be eliminated.
After eliminating the white fog in the Land of Origin, more light rushed out from Luo Zheng's Dantian. This blazing energy flowed all over Luo Zheng's body, and Luo Zheng, who had been turned into an ice sculpture, quickly thawed.
When Luo Zheng's physical body returned to normal, the Origin Divine Blood's reproachful voice sounded, "In the future, when you do such a dangerous thing, tell me first."
"This … I was going to analyze it first, but I didn't expect to be frozen directly," Luo Zheng touched his nose embarrassedly.
"This extremely cold place will not give you a chance to analyze it at all. Naturally, you have to be prepared in advance," the Origin Divine Blood said.
"Then can I enter the Cold Prison now?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes."
The sun in the Land of Origin sent blazing energy into Luo Zheng's body, which was enough to contend with this low temperature.
So Luo Zheng stepped into the Cold Prison's range with ease.
"Phew …"
The low temperature of the Cold Prison and the high temperature of Luo Zheng's body competed with each other. The two contended with each other, offset each other, and finally formed a balanced situation. A thin layer of white fog appeared on the surface of Luo Zheng's body, which made Luo Zheng look like a white bear.
Bear, but at least he could move freely now.
Luo Zheng stepped to the side of the bodies of the Human Spirits and probed.
The bodies of these Human Spirits were still "alive" and still contained abundant vitality, but when Luo Zheng's fingers pressed on the Human Spirits' heads, he found that their minds were empty, as if the Human Race had lost their souls …
"How is it?" Taishang Laojun's voice came from Luo Zheng's mind. His remnant soul naturally could not withstand the torment of the Cold Prison and could only hide back.
"No soul …" Luo Zheng frowned and shook his head. "No, for the Human Spirits, the soul is the Treacherous Body. There is no Treacherous Body in their minds. These Human Spirits are just living shells."
Next, Luo Zheng probed several Human Spirits in a row, and the situation was the same. They had all lost their "souls".
"Let's go deeper and take a look …"
After exiting the Cold Prison,
Luo Zheng moved forward along the snake-shaped path.
After walking for a distance of more than a hundred feet, the Human Spirits in golden armor lay on both sides of the snake-shaped path. After a distance of more than a hundred feet, the Human Spirits lying on the ground wore armor that turned from gold to cyan.
These Human Spirits in cyan armor should be stronger than the Human Spirits in golden armor. After walking for a distance, the Human Spirits in the Cold Prison on both sides were no longer wearing armor, but all kinds of luxurious clothes. Among them, there were also some beautiful women. Luo Zheng entered the Cold Prison to investigate again. Regardless of whether it was a man or a woman, his mind was the same.
There was no "soul" in the old one.
So Luo Zheng did not stay any longer and went straight to the end of the snake-shaped path.
The snake-shaped path became wider and wider as he walked, and finally, there was a three-way fork. The left and right fork could be seen at a glance, and the middle fork was an ice sculpture gate.
Luo Zheng was not in a hurry to enter the ice sculpture gate in the middle. Instead, he walked to the left fork.
At the end of the fork in the road was a throne made of ice and frost. On the throne sat a tall and sturdy man.
When he saw this man, Luo Zheng felt a sense of familiarity. He seemed to have seen him somewhere, but he could not remember.
After exiting the fork, Luo Zheng entered the right fork. At the end of the fork, there was also a frost throne, and on this frost throne sat another woman.
This woman looked very young. She reclined on the throne, showing off her slender and elegant figure. Her slender legs hung on the armrest of the throne. When Luo Zheng saw the woman's appearance, his eyebrows suddenly jumped, and he blurted out, "This is … Lingshuang?"

Chapter 3781
Although her eyes were slightly closed, her appearance was exactly the same as Ling Shuang's.
However, the hair ornaments on her head, the expression between her eyebrows, and the aura she exuded were completely different from Ling Shuang's.
"Who is Ling Shuang?"
Old Lord Taishang asked curiously.
Luo Zheng told him about Ling Shuang's origin and how she disappeared.
Old Lord Taishang pondered for a while. "So, I'm afraid it's not a coincidence …"
It was not rare for women in the world to look exactly the same. The key was that Ling Shuang's origin was very mysterious. She probably had a lot to do with the woman on the throne.
Unfortunately, Ling Shuang was nowhere to be seen. It was difficult to verify the relationship between the two.
After retreating from the fork, Luo Zheng returned to the fork and chose the ice gate in the middle.
When Luo Zheng touched the ice gate, an extremely heavy feeling was transmitted to his hand.
"This gate is so heavy …"
Luo Zheng remembered what Phoenix said.
Pouring the water of the sea into the Cold Prison would only result in a piece of solid ice the size of a thumb.
It was unknown how much water was used to condense this ice gate …
However, Luo Zheng's strength was not what it used to be. He placed his hands on the ice gate and the strength in his arms burst out fiercely.
The pure aura of strength surged around Luo Zheng. The aftermath of the aura had a terrible destructive power. It was like a whip, whipping the surrounding ground and leaving marks.
"Open!"
"Boom, boom, boom …"
The ice gate kept rubbing against the ground and opened up a fist-sized gap.
A gap.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to push the gate with more strength, a hand reached out from the gap and clasped the side of the ice gate. It gently pulled inwards. The gate opened …
It was a stooped old man with only one eye. His skin was deathly grey, without a trace of vitality.
Luo Zheng took two steps back reflexively. On one hand, he was surprised that there was a living person inside. On the other hand, the old man opened the ice gate so easily. His strength was too great.
After the old man opened the gate, he only looked at Luo Zheng for a moment before turning to leave.
"Senior …" Luo Zheng called out from behind.
The old man turned a deaf ear to him and left on his own.
Behind the ice sculpture door was a wide circular ice palace, and inside the ice palace, there were many "corporeal bodies" lying around. These corporeal bodies were the same as the corporeal bodies of the human spirits outside, they were not dead objects, but they had all lost their souls.
The old man picked up one of the corpses on the ground and placed it on an ice platform in the middle of the room. Then, he began to carefully clean it.
The body seemed to have been stored for a long time and was covered with a layer of brown dust.
The old man held a horsetail whisk in his hand and cleaned the dust on the body bit by bit. Then, he put the body down on the ice platform and replaced it with another body.
"Senior, why are you cleaning these things …" Luo Zheng asked again.
However, the old man still didn't answer Luo Zheng's question. He just worked like a machine.
"Luo Zheng, go and check if this old man has a soul in his head," Taishang Laojun suggested.
"Isn't that too rude …"
Luo Zheng was a little hesitant, but on second thought, he understood Taishang Laojun's meaning. He reached out and pressed the old man's forehead.
The old man didn't get angry, nor did he resist.
The moment Luo Zheng pressed the forehead, he felt a treacherous aura. This treacherous aura was very strong, and Luo Zheng felt very uncomfortable. He was completely enveloped by this extremely unpleasant emotion.
"There is a soul … No, it's a treacherous body, and it's a treacherous body that hasn't been awakened," Luo Zheng said.
"Sure enough, it's a kind treacherous body." Taishang Laojun was right.
Many treacherous bodies had obsessions. Before they met the conditions for awakening, they would always act according to their obsessions.
Some kind treacherous bodies wouldn't be extremely vicious, but would constantly repeat the same thing.
This old man was obviously such a kind. As long as Luo Zheng didn't stop the old man from cleaning the corporeal bodies, the old man wouldn't attack him.
He cleaned the corporeal bodies over and over again, and then placed them neatly one by one.
Presumably, the human spirits piled up neatly outside were all the old man's masterpieces.
"He can't respond to us without awakening …" Luo Zheng was a little depressed.
It wasn't easy to awaken a treacherous body. Back in the Wailing Path, "Tian Chuan" had been held hostage all the way to the Clear Sky Platform.
It was unrealistic to awaken the old man in a short time. They could only look for other clues.
After Luo Zheng passed through the scattered corporeal bodies, he came to the innermost layer of the Ice Palace, where there was a door.
When Luo Zheng approached, the old man suddenly turned around and sang rhythmically.
"He spoke!"
Luo Zheng turned around abruptly.
The old man tilted his head and looked at Luo Zheng, opening his mouth and saying something.
Luo Zheng quickly activated the core of the Heaven's Executor and began to decipher the old man's Sanskrit.
After a while …
The core of the Heaven's Executor passed the old man's words to Luo Zheng.
"That's the master's room. You can't go … It's very dangerous there. You'll have to face the master's anger …"
The old man repeated this sentence over and over again.
That wasn't something that could be said logically. It was more like a mechanical prompt.
Luo Zheng asked tentatively, "Who is the master?"
The singing team in his inner world began to work, helping Luo Zheng to sing.
"It's our king, Master Ku Shu …" The old man still said in a numb voice.
Hearing this sentence, Luo Zheng and Old Lord Taishang's heart beat wildly.
Finding the Ku Shu was the biggest goal of this trip. This sentence meant that they had succeeded more than half.
"How do you know it's dangerous?
Have you been there? "
Luo Zheng asked again.
The old man shook his head, "I haven't been there, but Sin has been there and died there …"
"Sin …"
"The Spirit Snake King?
Died there? "
Luo Zheng was surprised again.
If the door of the Earth Altar required the key of the Soul City, he should be the first person to enter.
But how could the Spirit Snake King enter here?
Luo Zheng told Old Lord Taishang what he had heard, and Old Lord Taishang was also lost in thought.
The old man's unintentional words made the situation very strange.
After a while, Old Lord Taishang said, "What if the Spirit Snake King already knew about the existence of this key?"
"You mean it once used the key to open the door of the Earth Altar?"
Luo Zheng asked.
Old Lord Taishang nodded, "Yes, if that's the case, then the Spirit Snake King must have wanted to get something from the Human Spirit King. Not only did it not get it, but it also failed, and even its own Treacherous Body was destroyed …"
"So the Spirit Snake King quietly put the key back into the Soul City?"
Luo Zheng said, "That's not right. The Spirit Snake King can't be so confident in me."
Old Lord Taishang thought for a while and seemed to figure it out, "The Spirit Snake King's confidence in you doesn't come from your strength, but from your identity."
"My identity?
What identity? "
Luo Zheng was a little suspicious. He thought of the Divine Blood of Origin, but even if the Spirit Snake King could predict things, it was impossible for him to predict that he would inherit the Divine Blood of Origin.
"The identity of a human," Old Lord Taishang said.
Perhaps the Bitter Tree would kill other races, and it would also kill the Shift that entered it, but it might not necessarily kill a human.

Chapter 3782
Although what Taishang Laojun said was all speculation, it was very reasonable to draw these conclusions from limited clues.
"We can only take a risk?"
Luo Zheng smiled.
Taishang Laojun nodded. "We have no choice."
From the moment they entered Jade Clear Sky, they were taking a risk. This was the last step they had to take.
"Then I want to see how angry the Human Spirit King is …" Luo Zheng said as he walked up to push the door open.
The old man with the stooped back suddenly raised his head. There was a faint clarity in his eyes, and there was a faint hope brewing.
What Luo Zheng didn't know was that although the old man had not awakened and was trapped in the treacherous sea of consciousness, he had been reacting to the outside world.
He had almost shouted those words with all his might!
The old man also hoped that he could awaken. In fact, his biggest obsession was not to sort out these bodies. This obsession was just out of love for his disciples. His biggest obsession was the Human Spirit King Bitter Tree.
If the bitter tree could awaken, he could also awaken.
After Luo Zheng pushed the door open, a force like an invisible hand grabbed him and dragged him inside.
Although this force was powerful, Luo Zheng was still able to resist it. However, he allowed it to drag him in.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, it was not an ice palace behind the door, but an open stone house.
"The stones in this stone house … are all holy stones!"
As soon as Luo Zheng entered, he felt the aura of holy stones.
"And they are the highest grade holy stones. I kind of understand why the Snake Spirit King died here," Taishang Laojun said.
Fighting in this environment was very unfavorable for the Snake Spirit King.
"What is that …"
Luo Zheng's eyes looked straight ahead.
In the center of the stone house, there was a burly man floating in it.
This man was wearing heavy black armor, and even his face was covered. It was unknown what material this armor was made of, but it exuded a strong deterrent force.
The most eye-catching thing was the heavy sword beside the man.
The sword was ten feet long, almost as tall as the burly man. There was a faint red light flashing in the irregular blade.
Was this the Human Spirit King Bitter Tree?
Luo Zheng carefully looked at the black armor.
A solemn voice came from the black armor.
"Who are you? Tell me your name."
Hearing the black armor speak, Luo Zheng was slightly happy.
He was most afraid that the other party would attack without talking to him. With the Human Spirit King's reputation, he did not want to fight him.
The other party's voice was not mechanical, which meant that he was still rational. This was the best situation!
Luo Zheng took two two two steps forward and clasped his fists........ a human.. Luo Zheng....
Humans and human spirits were almost the same in terms of appearance. It could even be said that humans were the continuation of human spirits in the third grid world.
.................... he...
..........
.....
The irregular heavy sword flew up horizontally, breaking through space and slashing towards Luo Zheng's head.
"This …"
Luo Zheng's heart was filled with depression.
A moment ago, he was still rejoicing, but in the next moment, the other party was about to make a move. He was caught unprepared.
He leaned back reflexively, and the irregular heavy sword almost grazed his nose as it slashed past.
. Boom. Boom. Boom.
.. The wall behind Luo Zheng exploded with a series of dark red shockwaves.
"Destruction Quadrant, 13th, 19th, 26th, 30th …"
The Origin God Blood quickly analyzed the power of the heavy sword. Although it was not as domineering as the Monkey Spirit King, it seemed to be more powerful!
After analyzing the power of this slash, the heavy sword disappeared again.
When the heavy sword reappeared, it was not one, but seven. These seven heavy swords seemed unreal as they constantly flickered between each other.
"Time Quadrant, 1st, 3rd, 33rd …"
Luo Zheng analyzed the power of the heavy sword in his mind again.
"It's just a sword, but it uses an ingenious space divine ability. This bloodline power does not seem to come from the Human Spirit King, but directly from the heavy sword itself. Can a sword also inherit the power of the Origin God Blood?"
Seeing the seven heavy swords coming at him again, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and floated out like a willow leaf. The seemingly light movement technique also contained a mysterious space divine ability, which was bestowed by the Origin God Blood.
. Whoosh! Whoosh!
Seven slashes!
All of them missed!
In the next moment, Luo Zheng appeared in front of the black armor.
"Senior, this junior has no intention of offending you. This junior just wants to know …"
Before Luo Zheng could finish speaking, the black armor stretched out a huge black hand and grabbed Luo Zheng's neck. The other hand opened, and the huge irregular sword reappeared in his hand. With a "whoosh", it slashed horizontally, wanting to cut Luo Zheng in half.
Luo Zheng was still like a slippery loach, slipping away from the giant black hand and avoiding the slash. There was a trace of anger in his eyes. "It seems that Senior will only be able to speak properly after a victor is determined!"
After saying this, Luo Zheng's figure flickered continuously, wandering around the entire stone hall. The irregular heavy sword followed closely behind like a maggot. The stone hall was filled with the shadows of Luo Zheng and the irregular heavy sword.
The irregular heavy sword was astonishingly fast, but Luo Zheng was even faster.
With the support of the Origin God's Blood, Luo Zheng controlled all the abilities of the entire space-time quadrant. He could even figure out the possible position of the irregular heavy sword and throw a punch at it.
"Boom!"
With this punch, all the phantoms of the irregular heavy sword in the stone hall swayed a few times.
The Origin God's Blood not only had unparalleled abilities, but it had also strengthened Luo Zheng's body repeatedly. Now, it was as if he had been reborn. The power of this punch was not to be underestimated!
After throwing a punch, Luo Zheng's figure flickered again. After arriving at a new position, he threw another punch high up in the air.
"Boom!"
The irregular heavy sword was smashed again.
In this contest of space and speed, Luo Zheng had the advantage.
"Boom! Boom! Boom!
Boom! "Following this, the irregular heavy sword could only passively take a beating, punch after punch, strike after strike.
After taking dozens of punches, cracks finally appeared on the surface of the sword.
"Break for me …"
Now, Luo Zheng was chasing after the heavy sword and smashing it!
But at this moment, a strong green light erupted from the cracks of the heavy sword, and the rich life force quickly repaired the cracks.
"Life quadrant, 36th ability, 40th ability …"
The ability of the Origin God's Blood analyst's irregular heavy sword.
"This sword has become a spirit. Where did it come from!"
Luo Zheng was somewhat speechless. A sword actually had the ability of several quadrants at the same time, and could even heal itself!
"It's life iron …"
"A substance from the deep space …"
"You can think of it as a living thing."
The voice of the Origin God's Blood came from the Inner World.
Although it had forgotten many key things, it still retained some memories of the deep space.

Chapter 3783
"Bang, bang, bang …"
The sound of fists hitting the irregular heavy sword echoed in the stone hall.
Luo Zheng couldn't remember how many times he had punched. Every time the irregular heavy sword cracked, it would quickly repair itself.
After a long time, Luo Zheng's body began to feel a little tired.
Fortunately, the Origin Divine Blood was also repairing Luo Zheng's body. Several green lightning flashed across the bloody sky in the inner world and poured into Luo Zheng's body. That feeling of tiredness was swept away.
"Won't it be endless if we keep fighting like this?"
Luo Zheng was a little impatient. "Can't you analyze the composition of the life iron and attack its weakness?"
Previously, after Luo Zheng analyzed the composition of the opponent's energy, he could quickly launch a counterattack.
And the counterattack could perfectly restrain the opponent. It was the same when facing "Sky", Fire, and Tongtian.
But now it was useless against this life iron?
"Life iron naturally has its weakness, but it's a matter of the starry world. After my ability was degraded, it's not very effective against the matter of the starry world …" said the Origin Divine Blood.
The omnipotent Origin Divine Blood had finally met a tough nut this time.
"Then we can only exhaust it to death?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes! With infinite power against finite power, it will definitely lose, "replied the Origin Divine Blood.
"Good!"
Luo Zheng's heart flashed with seriousness. His body swayed faster, and the power burst out was also stronger.
Inside the black heavy armor, a pair of starry eyes revealed a trace of hope and a trace of sorrow.
The Human Spirit King Ku Shu was also in a state of not awakening, but he had a vague perception of the outside world like the old man outside the door.
Ku Shu was a great master of the Four Spirit Gates.
He was not as smart as Sin, not as fast as Shou, and not as strong as Yin Chu.
But his strength was the most balanced.
He had all the characteristics of the other three Spirit Kings.
Even when he was schemed against by Sin and died in this small chaotic world, he still supported his broken body. Before his life force burned out, he set up an almost inviolable death trap with his people.
The Serpent Spirit King had been in there before and had even tried more than once, but it had all ended in failure.
He had already calculated that unless the Spirit Snake King used the power behind it, it would not be able to break this trap.
But once the snake spirit Wang Qi used that kind of power to enter here, it would never be able to get what it wanted.
After the Spirit Snake King failed several times, no one else could break in.
The long passage of time was a kind of destruction to the bitter tree.
Why aren't they here yet?
Had Sin completely sealed off this place?
Or did something happen to them?
Even though he knew from the beginning that the possibility of breaking out of this situation was very small, hope was still like a candle flame in the middle of winter, giving him some warmth and supporting his belief.
Today …
A human had actually barged in!
These humans were just creatures created by the creators of this world. Although they were very similar to human spirits, the difference between them and human spirits was too great.
If humankind was a painting created by a master, then human beings were just the scribbles of a child!
This human being named Luo Zheng was not to his liking, so he had to kill him.
However, Ku Shu was shocked the moment they exchanged blows.
How could there be such a powerful being in the Chaotic World?
His speed was in the Sword of Life, his power was also in the Sword of Life, and even his understanding and use of space was in the Sword of Life?
How could this be possible?
However, what Luo Zheng did next made Ku Shu more and more surprised.
This human was trying to shake the Sword of Life bit by bit, and he was trying to consume the power of the Sword of Life bit by bit.
He could defeat him …
A ridiculous idea suddenly popped up in Ku Shu's head.
It was this idea that gave him hope. Maybe the whole deadlock could be turned around because of this human being?
But this hope was too small.
When Ku Shu had set up this trap, he had combined the wisdom of the entire Spirit Gate. Only after Ku Shu had awakened could he break out of this trap. It was impossible to break in and defeat him. This was not looking down on Luo Zheng.
The Sword of Life was just the first part of the deadlock. Once the Sword of Life was defeated, it would be transformed into the Sword of Death. This young man named Luo Zheng would definitely have no way to survive.
Alas, why did he set up this place so strictly?
The Spirit Snake King was a little annoyed.
But if he hadn't made thorough preparations at that time, the Spirit Snake King would have taken him down. This was really contradictory!
…
On the smooth top of the Earth Altar.
Yuanshi Tianzun, Fuxi, Goddess Nvywa, Donghuang, Gonggong, Zhurong, and Yi Wang were standing on it.
Their faces were quite solemn and stirring.
During this period of time, the Snake King and the Snake King had surrounded them one after another. As Luo Zheng had speculated, the Spirit Snake King had probably discovered them and was gathering the Spirit Gate to come here.
"Do you think they can see us?"
Fuxi asked.
"No." Yuanshi Tianzun shook his head. "Even the Spirit Snake King couldn't see through the Space Deception Technique with the limited omniscient stone, let alone them."
"Then we should take the initiative to show ourselves," Donghuang suggested.
They were here to stop the Snakes from entering the Earth Altar, not to avoid them.
"Yes! Let's fight to our heart's content. My body is going to be destroyed here! "
Zhurong said heroically.
After practicing the secret method of blood control, these human heroes hadn't fought with all their strength yet.
Compared to those heroes who had been directly killed by the Swallowing Sky Skill, Zhurong felt that he was lucky.
Seeing that Zhurong was about to take a step forward and cause a big commotion, Yuanshi Tianzun reached out to stop him.
"What are you doing?
Are you afraid of death? "
Zhurong stared at Yuanshi Tianzun with a pair of bull eyes.
Yuanshi Tianzun shook his head slightly. "Wait a little longer. There's no hurry."
Time passed bit by bit.
More and more Snakes gathered on the mountain. Some of the Snake Kings were eager to rush to the Earth Altar, but with the Spirit Snake King's order, they didn't dare to act rashly.
Soon, a huge figure finally appeared from the side of the mountain.
When the human heroes saw the Spirit Snake King, they reflexively became nervous, even though it was an existence they had to face.
"Show yourself. The master is here …" Yuanshi Tianzun said.
Then, the few of them and the Wing King removed the Space Deception Technique and appeared in front of the Snakes.
The Snake King crawled unhurriedly in the direction of the Earth Altar. It didn't react to the sudden appearance of these people at all, as if these humans didn't exist.
The bifid serpent beside the Spirit Snake King sneered. "Mere humans want to guard the Earth Altar?
Hahaha … "
Yuanshi Tianzun said calmly, "Of course it's not just us."
Then, he waved his hand lightly.
He threw out a series of coordinates.
The human spirits of the Black Manor, Yue Manor, and Guang Manor revived one after another from the coordinates.
When the bifid serpent saw Shen Chengang, the Black Manor General, and the others, it was overjoyed. "You escaped with great difficulty, but you came back here to die. How foolish!"

Chapter 3784
Sky City was surprised by the human spirits' escape, but they didn't care.
In fact, when fighting with the Bird Spirit Sect, the Snake Spirit Sect only needed to send a portion of the snake spirits to intercept these human spirits.
The escape route of the human spirits was quickly detected by the limited omniscient stone.
Now that the human spirits of the Black Manor, Yue Manor, and Guang Manor appeared again, the Snake Spirit Sect still didn't care. They couldn't change the situation at all …
"Leave these human spirits to me." The Sky Yin Snake Lord came out from the other side of the Snake Spirit King.
The Sky Yin Snake Lord had been brooding over being deceived by the general of the Black Manor. He even wanted to bring people to find these human spirits and kill them all to quench the hatred in his heart. However, he was stopped by the Bifid Serpent.
"No problem, I'll leave them to you," the Bifid Serpent said generously.
As the Snake Spirit King approached, the Primeval Lord of Heaven's gaze became more and more determined. He suddenly raised his head and looked into the distance. Large birds were flying over from the horizon. They were the bird lords of the Bird Spirit Sect.
The Bifid Serpent looked back. "The Bird Spirit Sect is also here."
"A motley crew."
The Snake Spirit King, who had been silently moving forward, finally spoke.
The Snake Spirit King already knew that the Bird Spirit Sect and the Monkey Spirit Sect had joined forces. It also knew that the Bird Spirit King wouldn't participate in this battle.
However, even if the Bird Spirit King came, the Snake Spirit King was fearless. The unawakened "Hunt" only fought based on instinct. Its strength wasn't strong. It had already proven that not long ago.
The Snake Spirit King continued to approach.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven's other hand shook again, and many coordinates were shaken out.
"Hum …"
Those coordinates flickered with golden light, and monkey spirits came out from them.
Ancient Kong, Ancient Xia, Ancient Inch, Ancient Da …
Every time a monkey spirit appeared, the Bifid Serpent and the other snake lords' expressions became uglier. When the Monkey Spirit King came out of the coordinates, the snake lords' expressions became completely gloomy. Even the Snake Spirit King stopped.
It wasn't that the Snake Spirit King didn't think that the coordinates of the monkey lords would be in the hands of these humans, but it was too risky.
After all, this was equivalent to putting their lives in the hands of a low-level creature. What kind of courage did they need to make such a decision?
But then again, the Monkey Spirit King lacked wisdom, strategy, and patience, but the one thing it didn't lack was courage …
"Hehehehe …"
The newly resurrected Spirit Monkey King let out a series of laughter.
It probably used all its strength to roar, and the sound spread out like waves.
The snakes in the distance couldn't withstand the sound waves and were blown away.
The three mountains surrounding the Altar of Earth cracked due to the sound waves.
"I've finally caught you, bastard." The Monkey King laughed angrily.
The Monkey Spirit King was brave and good at fighting in the Four Spirits Sect. He always led the monkeys to fight in the front. However, the Snake Spirit King was making these messy plots in the Four Spirits Sect. He still couldn't understand why Sin did this.
The answer was no longer important …
It only needed to know that Sin was an enemy that it had no choice but to kill. He had committed a sin that would destroy everything it had.
Now, it was time to clean it.
"You think you can beat me?" Sin asked with a calm expression.
"Why not?"
The Spirit Monkey King clenched his fists.
Sin shook his head. "If Ku Shu is by your side, I might be defeated. If it's just you, there's nothing to be afraid of."
The Monkey Spirit King was indeed stronger than him, but it wasn't difficult to deal with him alone. That was why Sin wanted to trick the Monkey Spirit Sect into the Chaotic World. He wanted to defeat them one by one.
"Then let's try!"
After the Monkey Spirit King said this, the True Tooth Necklace on his chest began to shine.
The Monkey Spirit King's True Tooth Necklace only had thirteen wolf fangs, but Luo Zheng helped him repair the remaining nine. Now, his strength had improved again.
He stepped on the Altar of Earth and his huge body suddenly started to run.
"Buzz!"
One of the wolf fangs shone.
Everyone saw it take a step forward. Then, countless afterimages of the Monkey Spirit King appeared in a straight line. The next moment, his huge hand clamped down on Sin's neck.
"Appetizer!"
"Swish!"
He lifted Sin's long body up, rolled it over, and slammed into one of the mountains.
The mountains collapsed and the earth cracked.
At the same time, the Snake Spirit King's body, like the mountain, collapsed into countless triangular fragments. They fell to the ground like a rain of silver glass.
In the next moment, the Snake Spirit King's body coiled up on another mountain. The golden crescent moon in its snake eyes flickered. The Snake Spirit King's fighting style had become much more agile. It no longer used brute force. It had to be cautious …
Just as the Snake Spirit King coiled up on the mountain, a human appeared at the foot of the mountain. He was at the tail end of the Snake Spirit King.
It was Donghuang.
The Snake Spirit Kings, Bird Spirit Kings, and Human Spirit Kings all felt this scene was very strange.
A trifling human was interfering in a battle between two Spirit Kings?
He didn't know the immensity of heaven and earth. Wasn't he courting death?
Even the Snake Spirit King, who was completely focused on the battle, was slightly distracted when it noticed this tiny human. It was probably wondering if there was something wrong with this guy's brain.
But while the Snake Spirit King was still confused, Donghuang stabbed the golden sword in his hand into the Snake Spirit King's tail.
"Slash!"
This five-foot-four-inch golden sword was too long for a human, but for the Snake Spirit King, it was just a golden needle.
However, this golden needle had unimaginable penetrative power. It directly penetrated the Snake Spirit King's tail, but the damage it caused was minimal.
"It's normal to think that I'm small, but we're not stupid. We're not stupider than any other Spirit King …"
Before Donghuang could finish his words, the Snake Spirit King's tail, which was nailed by the golden sword, swept gently. It was so fast that Donghuang couldn't see it clearly. He was directly swept away, and with a "puff" sound, Donghuang turned into a bloody mist.
Donghuang was dead, but his golden sword did not disappear.
The Snake Spirit King had no time to care about this small "thorn". The Monkey Spirit King instantly appeared in front of the Snake Spirit King, dragging a long string of afterimages.
"Move!"
The Snake Spirit King spat out a word.
Just as the Snake Spirit King was about to move away, it suddenly felt that something was wrong with its body.
Its long snake body was caught by something?
It looked back and was stunned …
It was that small golden sword that was holding it in place?
"Bang, bang, bang, bang …"
Just as it turned its head, Yin Jin's huge fist smashed toward it.
With each punch, the mountain that the Snake Spirit King was entangled in shattered. After three or four punches, the mountain was flattened, and most of the Snake Spirit King's body was embedded in the ground.
At this time, the Snake Spirit King was still thinking about moving away to avoid Yin Jin's sharp edge.
But a mere golden sword exerted an extremely strange power and firmly nailed it in place.
The golden sword that Donghuang sacrificed his life for was fixed in place in the air, as if mocking the Snake Spirit King's incompetence.

Chapter 3785
After Luo Zheng entered the Earth Altar, Yuanshi Tianzun and the others did not stay idle.
Among the Bird Spirit Sect, the Monkey Spirit Sect, and the Human Spirit Sect, they were undoubtedly the weakest.
Their physical strength was not as strong as Shift's, and they could not regenerate through coordinates like Shift's.
Their inherited bloodline power was not strong, and their existence seemed to be just to throw out coordinates …
How could these human heroes be willing to do that?
Therefore, they came up with a plan.
Their biggest advantage was that they were small, so small that they were ignored by the Bird Spirits, the Monkey Spirits, and the Human Spirits.
"With the Monkey Spirit King's personality, it will be very jealous when it sees its enemies. It will be the first to attack in this war," Goddess Nuwa said.
Zhurong widened his eyes and said, "So what if we know that?
The Monkey Spirit King and the Snake Spirit King are beyond imagination. We can't do anything! "
Gonggong nodded and said, "Yes, that kind of existence is already unreasonable for us. We are just cannon fodder in front of them."
"We have to attack the Snake Spirit King directly," Yuanshi Tianzun suddenly suggested.
"Are you crazy?"
Even the hot-tempered Zhu Rong seemed to be frightened. "We should at least find a reasonable solution."
With their strength, facing the Snake Spirit King was like mayflies trying to shake a tree.
However, Fuxi revealed a playful smile. "If you pursue a method that conforms to common sense, how can you defeat an existence that does not conform to common sense?"
Zhurong didn't know what to say.
"Pay attention, it's not us who will fight the Snake Spirit King, but the Monkey Spirit King," Yuanshi Tianzun emphasized.
The Monkey Spirit King had an absolute advantage in combat, but the Snake Spirit King had a saint's item. If it used all its strange means, it was very likely that it could not even touch the Snake Spirit King after hundreds of rounds of fighting …
At this time, Donghuang, who had been silent, suddenly said, "I have a sword that can absolutely fix everything at a point."
"Even the Snake Spirit King can't break free?"
Goddess Nuwa asked.
"Theoretically, it can't break free before the sword disappears," Donghuang said confidently.
After comprehending the secret blood control method, Donghuang's sword became very strange.
His sword seemed to follow some rules and could be indestructible, unmoving, and indestructible.
This move didn't seem to be very effective against the enemy, so he had never used it before …
Some time ago, as his main body, he had communicated with the East Sovereign in the Chaos. Both East Sovereigns had yet to figure out the true usage.
"The Spirit Snake King has a Treacherous Body. Cutting off its tail to survive is too easy for it," Fuxi said, shaking his head.
A faint smile appeared on Nuwa's face. "But for an existence that is used to being high and mighty, can it sacrifice its tail to survive?"
In the eyes of the Spirit Snake King, humans were just lowly ants. If it was forced to cut off its tail because of these ants, it would be a shame that could not be washed away.
"When they fight, the situation changes rapidly. How can Donghuang accurately pin the Spirit Snake King?"
Asked Gong Gong again.
"Let me do it, I'll send the Eastern Emperor over," the Wings King suddenly said.
The Wing King's bloodline was the ability of the space quadrant. Although it was greatly strengthened by the blood control secret technique, it had never been used.
In the face of the Spirit Snake King's Spatial Manipulation Stone, its Spatial Manipulation Divine Ability was indeed not worth mentioning. However, it was not a problem to secretly send Donghuang over during the battle!
After this discussion, the previous scene occurred.
In the second round of the battle between the Spirit Monkey King and the Spirit Snake King, the Wings King quietly sent Donghuang over.
And Donghuang nailed the Spirit Snake King to the ground with his own life.
The situation was just as Nuwa had guessed …
The Spirit Snake King did not care about the sudden appearance of the Eastern Emperor. It only wanted to break free.
However, the ordinary-looking golden sword did not move at all and firmly nailed it to the ground.
Facing the Spirit Monkey King's storm-like attacks, the Spirit Snake King did not think of cutting off its tail to survive. Instead, its mind was filled with doubts.
Why …
Why couldn't it break free from the sword?
"Bastard! You should have known that this day would come! Die for me! "
As the Spirit Monkey King roared, a handful of large and small Holy Stones appeared in its hand.
Under the Spirit Monkey King's fierce attacks, these Holy Stones were directly embedded in the Spirit Snake King's body.
"Buzz!"
The Light of Annihilation exploded from the Spirit Snake King's body, corroding it.
The Spirit Monkey King did not have any protection, so it was also affected by the Holy Stones. However, it was the one attacking, so the Spirit Snake King's body was damaged far more than the Spirit Monkey King's.
"Nirvana Fist!"
A wolf fang flashed with a black light.
After the seven bloodline powers merged, they formed a ball of light that crashed into the Spirit Snake King.
"Sky Floating Thunder Supreme!"
Another wolf fang exploded with bright red lightning, which lingered around the Spirit Monkey King's fist before being sent into the Spirit Snake King's body.
"Star Shatterer Power …"
The Spirit Monkey King's True Tooth Necklace contained a large amount of power that came from the Destruction Quadrant.
Under the illumination of the Light of Annihilation, these bloodline powers were like floodwaters that had been opened, wildly pouring into the Spirit Snake King's body.
When the Bird Masters hovering in the air sensed the aura, their eyes were filled with fear.
They had originally come to help …
But the Spirit Monkey King wanted to kill the Spirit Snake King alone?
This was completely different from what they had expected!
Shen Chengang, the Generals of the Black Manor, and the other human spirits were also dumbfounded.
With Shen Chengang's sharp eyes, he could already see that the reason the Spirit Snake King was in such a passive situation was entirely because of the golden sword that had trapped it at the right time …
"I've underestimated these humans. Not only did they use their bloodline powers to the extreme, but they even guessed the Spirit Snake King's thoughts?"
Shen Chengang glanced at the Primeval Lord of Heaven, Nuwa, and the other humans not far away.
The Bifid Serpent and the Heavenly Yin Snake King stood rooted to the ground, unable to react.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
The Spirit Snake King's treacherous body was ravaged into various shapes.
At this moment, it was impossible for it to calmly move away. In the face of the Spirit Monkey King's terrifying power, it could not even resist. As the Light of Annihilation eroded it, its long body broke into several pieces and began to rapidly dissipate …
To the people present, the battle between the two Spirit Kings seemed to have lasted for a long time, but in reality, it had only been a little more than twenty breaths.
A battle between peak powerhouses was often decided by a single mistake.
When the Spirit Monkey King stopped attacking, the Spirit Snake King's body had already dissipated under its feet.
The Snake Kings, who were originally full of fighting spirit, fell silent.
In just one exchange, their undefeated Spirit Snake King had been killed. How could they continue the battle?
"Bang!"
The Spirit Monkey King stomped on the ground, creating a huge crater. Its eyes were filled with fighting spirit. "This is not satisfying. This bastard is as useless as always. Is there anyone else who can fight?"

Chapter 3786
"Roar!"
"Roar!"
"Roar!"
All the monkey lords were extremely excited.
Da Gu, Kong Gu, Xia Gu and the others beat their chests with all their might, making rhythmic sounds like beating drums.
Nuwa glanced at the monkey lords and sighed inwardly.
These monkey lords had strength but no brains. What were they so excited about?
If they didn't knock out the Spirit Snake King's coordinates, it wouldn't be considered a victory.
Previously, after Donghuang made the decision to sacrifice himself, he asked a question, "If our unexpected method works and we borrow the Spirit Monkey King's power to kill the Spirit Snake King, what should we do next?"
"It will definitely revive at the coordinates," Nuwa said without hesitation.
"Then wouldn't I have sacrificed myself for nothing?"
Donghuang asked.
Nuwa smiled lightly. "If we are destined to die, then you won't be considered a sacrifice. That way, you will only be one step ahead of us and buy more time for Luo Zheng."
Yuanshi Tianzun nodded. "Once the Spirit Snake King dies, the other snake lords and treacherous creatures will scatter. We will try our best to kill them. Whether it's them or the Spirit Snake King, they will have to regroup after reviving. This … is all a matter of time."
Donghuang didn't say anything after hearing this. He still had this much awareness.
"Everyone, the Spirit Snake King will revive. Before that, we have to kill all the snake lords in one fell swoop!"
Nuwa suddenly encouraged.
Shen Chengang, General Hei, and the other human spirits heard Nuwa's words and immediately nodded. "Let's split them up and kill them first! We can't miss this opportunity! "
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The human spirits rushed down from the altar.
Many of the monkey lords were still beating their chests. When they saw the human spirits rushing down, the battle intent that they had been accumulating for a long time suddenly surged and they also rushed out.
When the Luan Fox, Han Ge, Ling Lou, and the other bird lords saw this scene, they also let out a shrill cry. The bird lords circling in the air also shot down like arrows towards the snake lords …
When the Spirit Snake King's treacherous body was killed, the bifid serpent was stunned for a few breaths.
Without the help of the king, this battle was bound to be lost.
"Hiss …"
It immediately let out a unique sound that was unique to snake spirits and transmitted a signal to every snake spirit present.
"Retreat!"
The Spirit Snake King's treacherous body had already disappeared. The following battle was meaningless.
But that didn't matter …
They only needed to wait for the Spirit Snake King to come back to life. They still had the upper hand.
"Hiss hiss hiss …"
The Snake Spirits transmitted the Biheaded Serpent's signal to each other, and then they all crawled in all directions at a surprisingly fast speed.
However, although they were fast, the human spirits and monkey spirits were not slow either. The bird lords were even more agile.
Luan Hu, Han Ge, and the others already had a lot of hatred for the Snake Spirit Sect. At this moment, they were venting it to their hearts' content.
Buzz!
"Hua la!"
"Rumble …"
Thunderbolts of various colors, light pillars, and bloody mists rose and fell one after another.
The mountains around the Earth Altar collapsed and the earth cracked. Energy flowed in all directions like seawater.
The Light of Annihilation swept across the ground one after another, sweeping across the treacherous body …
Although the order to retreat was very fast, the Spirit Snakes were still unable to escape unscathed.
Under their relentless pursuit, nearly seventy percent of the snake spirits were wiped out.
The powerful Biheaded Serpent originally planned to escape by burrowing into the ground, but it was stomped on by the Spirit Monkey King. The Spirit Monkey King dug through the thick layer of earth and directly pulled it out.
The Spirit Monkey King still had to personally settle the score on Night Vision Island. After struggling for a while, the Biheaded Serpent was kneaded into a ball by the Spirit Monkey King along with the Holy Stones. As the Holy Stones erupted with the Light of Annihilation, the Biheaded Serpent melted in the Spirit Monkey King's hands …
…
Inside the stone hall.
Luo Zheng's battle with the irregular heavy sword was still ongoing.
He already couldn't remember how many times the irregular heavy sword had been smashed by him. Each time the irregular heavy sword was repaired, it took longer than the last time.
When Luo Zheng smashed the irregular heavy sword again, the green light emitted from the inside of the sword seemed to be somewhat dim. The time it took to repair was getting longer and longer.
"Crack!"
This time, the irregular heavy sword was once again smashed by Luo Zheng while it was being repaired.
The crack wasn't completely repaired. Instead, it widened.
Luo Zheng took advantage of the situation and bombarded it with dozens of punches. Countless cracks continuously extended from the sword's hilt. Finally, with a "pop" sound, it shattered into dozens of pieces.
Patter patter …
Those irregular pieces were scattered all over the ground.
"It's finally over …"
Luo Zheng also felt that it had taken too long. He walked directly towards the black heavy armor.
As soon as he took two steps, the pieces on the ground floated in the air and pieced together, forming a new sword.
"You still want to struggle?!"
Luo Zheng's face darkened. His figure flashed, and he arrived in front of the irregular heavy sword and smashed a punch.
But when this punch hit the sword, the irregular heavy sword suddenly became erratic. Luo Zheng's punch passed through the afterimage, and the irregular heavy sword flashed back to the black heavy armor's hand.
Sizzle sizzle sizzle …
Wisps of black fog escaped from the sword, which seemed to be able to erode the light. After spreading to the entire stone hall, everything fell into darkness.
Inside the black heavy armor, Ku Shu was still immersed in shock.
This human had actually defeated him!
What strange things had happened in the Main World?
Why had such a powerful being been born in the Chaotic World?
On one hand, he was surprised and puzzled. On the other hand, he felt pity and pity.
Breaking my Sword of Life would be the thing you would regret the most. Ku Shu knew very well how powerful the Sword of Death was.
He had spent a long time with this heavy sword. In countless battles, Ku Shu had only used the Sword of Death three times. Once the Sword of Death was activated, even Ku Shu would not be able to control it.
Both Ku Shu and the sword would fall into a terrible state …
The darkness lasted for three breaths of time, and then many horizontal and vertical green lines lit up the darkness.
These lines extended an infinite distance, outlining many huge squares in this space.
"The space has changed?
This is no longer the stone hall? "
Luo Zheng could not help but say.
"No, it's not just the space that has changed …" The voice of the Origin Blood came, "This sword has changed all the rules. This is another world, a world with new rules."
"A world with changed rules …" Luo Zheng said in surprise.
"Correct …"
Ku Shu, inside the black heavy armor, answered silently.
Then, Ku Shu could only watch helplessly as he charged toward Luo Zheng with his heavy sword in hand …
"This speed …"
Luo Zheng's pupils slightly widened.
Before he had time to dodge, the heavy sword had already smashed into his body.
Bang!
Luo Zheng was directly sent flying, his body passing through countless huge square spaces.
If he had been in the stone hall, he would have crashed into the walls of the stone hall within 500 feet.
But now Luo Zheng was sent flying tens of miles away, and there was still nothing behind him. This was a world with infinite length and width.

Chapter 3787
"Luo Zheng, are you all right?"
Old Lord Taishang asked worriedly.
No matter how strong Luo Zheng's body was, it couldn't compare to the Treacherous Body. It would be terrible to be hit by the irregular heavy sword.
"I'm all right," Luo Zheng answered.
What he cared about was not the heavy sword itself, but this world that changed the rules.
He was no stranger to changing the rules.
The universe, the Realm of Gods, the mother world, and the other side all had different rules. The rules of these places were set at the beginning of creation, but with enough power, the rules could still be changed.
The simplest way was to change the rules of the inner world. For example, Luo Zheng had the Land of Origin. It was not difficult for him to change the rules.
The irregular heavy sword was indeed fast, but Luo Zheng could dodge it with his supernatural power.
But the rules of this infinitely vast world changed. Luo Zheng's supernatural power was not so easy to use. The space supernatural power he used lost its effectiveness.
"Hua …"
The heavy armor that had disappeared in the darkness emerged. The black heavy armor reached out and grabbed lightly. The irregular heavy sword returned to his hand.
"Weng!"
"Weng!"
"Weng …"
From the surface of the black heavy armor, runes lit up one after another.
The originally lifeless heavy armor became full of vitality …
Previously, when Luo Zheng had faced the black heavy armor, other than sensing an unpleasant and treacherous aura, he had completely treated the heavy armor as an inanimate object. The true main character here was the irregular heavy sword.
Now, the black heavy armor seemed to be inspired by the irregular heavy sword and gradually came to life!
Two blood-red light spots lit up in the helmet of the black heavy armor.
"This is …"
Luo Zheng's face showed an unprecedentedly dignified expression.
The black heavy armor gave him the feeling of a living person, an unprecedented peerless master.
The rich aura of life and soul existed. Although the treacherous aura still existed and was still strong, which meant that Ku Shu had not awakened, Luo Zheng still couldn't help but ask, "Senior Human Spiritual King … Lord Ku Shu, is that you?"
Ku Shu, who was restrained inside the Treacherous Body, heard this voice. He smiled helplessly and answered silently, It's me, but it's also not me …
I don't want to kill you …
But you must die by my hands.
Ku Shu felt extremely sorrowful.
If only Shift could change her obsession at will. Otherwise, she wouldn't be facing such an awkward situation now.
But then again, could an obsession that could be arbitrarily modified still be called an obsession?
"Da!"
The black-armored man took a step in the air and disappeared from his original position. His irregular heavy sword chopped down at Luo Zheng's head.
The other party's speed wasn't that fast.
However, Luo Zheng's speed had decreased too much. He had no way to dodge this sword and could only take it head-on.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng's sword slapped his arms and sent him flying again.
While still flying, the black heavy armor appeared above Luo Zheng at an extremely fast speed. "Boom!"
This sword heavily smashed Luo Zheng's back, and Luo Zheng began to fall vertically.
"Phew …"
The black heavy armor disappeared again. This time, it actually appeared below Luo Zheng, raising its irregular heavy sword and thrusting upwards.
If he was stabbed by this irregular heavy sword, his body would probably be directly pierced through.
"This time … I can avoid it!"
At the critical moment, the Origin Divine Blood once again merged with the ability of the Space Quadrant.
It couldn't change the basic rules of this space, but it could adapt to such rules!
After the ability in Luo Zheng's dantian emerged, he suddenly disappeared and then reappeared in a space dozens of miles away.
After using the Space Shift, Luo Zheng didn't stop. Instead, he continued to shift …
Ten miles, a hundred miles, a thousand miles …
In a dozen breaths' time, Luo Zheng had shifted thousands of miles away, and this space didn't seem to have an end at all.
The black heavy armor didn't seem to be in a hurry to pursue. It merely floated in the air and waited.
When Luo Zheng was tens of thousands of miles away from it, it took another step forward.
Even though it was tens of thousands of miles away, it still appeared precisely beside Luo Zheng. It had precise control of this space!
Luo Zheng retreated reflexively, wanting to continue increasing the distance between them.
However, a strange scene occurred. Although Luo Zheng had clearly chosen to retreat, he still crashed into the irregular heavy sword.
"Dong!"
Luo Zheng's forehead crashed into the irregular heavy sword, and an inch-deep dent appeared on his forehead.
"Luo Zheng, what's wrong with you?"
Taishang Laojun asked worriedly.
"I …"
Before Luo Zheng could answer, the black heavy armor had already circled around to his left. Luo Zheng habitually shifted to the right. "Cha …"
This time, he crashed heavily into the irregular heavy sword, and another thumb-sized wound appeared on his shoulder.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng's bones were extremely strong, and his body was unimaginably tough. After the wound was cut, there was no blood at all.
"The basic rules of space have been reversed. Front, back, left, right, up, and down are all opposite to you," the Origin Divine Blood reminded him.
"How should I deal with this …" Luo Zheng asked.
"Let me change your perception!"
A life force rose from the Land of Origin, and this life force directly poured into Luo Zheng's mind.
Luo Zheng's eyes began to shake up and down. Under a wave of dizziness, the world suddenly turned upside down!
"In the opposite direction …"
Seeing the black heavy armor slashing at him again, Luo Zheng's reaction was extremely accurate this time, and he easily dodged the slash.
Within the treacherous body, Ku Shu had already sunk into deep thought.
The Death Sword could design the basic rules …
And the basic rules were the rules that all living creatures relied on to survive.
The young man could not resist it!
But after such a long time, this guy was still alive and kicking?
Where did this monster come from?
This was completely beyond Ku Shu's imagination. As smart as he was, he could not figure it out even if he cracked his head.
"The Death Sword has modified the rules twice, and you can adapt to it. This ability is not much worse than mine in the past. However, if it continuously modifies the basic rules, you will be in danger …"
Everyone's ability was limited and fixed. Perhaps Luo Zheng's bloodline power could resist the two modified basic rules, but that was luck and coincidence. However, if the Death Sword continuously modifies the basic rules, Luo Zheng would still die.
Ku Shu really wanted to tell this to Luo Zheng, but unfortunately, he could not do it.
Just as Ku Shu said, the irregular heavy sword modified the basic rules again. Luo Zheng's body suddenly became incomparably heavy, as if it was filled with lead. The weight of everything in this world was increased by ten thousand times.
If it was before, Luo Zheng would have been unable to avoid being slashed by the sword.
But now, the Origin God Blood had adapted. Whenever the basic rules were changed, the Origin God Blood would offer a new ability for Luo Zheng to adapt.
Therefore, the third modification of the rules only delayed Luo Zheng for a moment.
The black heavy armor did not expect Luo Zheng to adapt in such a short time. As usual, it attacked Luo Zheng.
But this time, Luo Zheng began to counterattack.

Chapter 3788
When the black heavy armor attacked again with the irregular heavy sword, Luo Zheng's slightly sluggish body suddenly became swift.
He lowered his body slightly, and the irregular heavy sword swept past his shoulder by three inches.
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Luo Zheng got close and lightly patted the black heavy armor with his palm.
"Power of Destruction, Level Three!"
In the bloody sky of the Land of Origin, the nine types of power of destruction merged into three types of power.
The three types of power superimposed on Luo Zheng's palm and patted the chest of the black heavy armor, leaving a clear palm print.
"Bang, bang, bang!"
The palm print exploded three times in a row.
The sound was not loud, and the power was not great.
The extremely strong power of destruction was confined to the palm print and exploded, not willing to dissipate in the air, but completely immersed in the black heavy armor.
"Ka, ka, ka!"
The black heavy armor cracked three times in a row, and the right side of the breastplate was directly blasted open, revealing the Treacherous Body inside! On the other side, the irregular heavy sword obviously did not expect Luo Zheng to be able to counterattack so smoothly. This heavy sword actually changed the rules again, making everything in the space become light as a feather, and it stabbed towards Luo Zheng's head with the force of a thunderbolt.
But the moment the heavy sword changed the rules, Luo Zheng adapted again. His body gently twisted like a snake, avoiding the attack of the irregular heavy sword, and his palm once again lightly attached to the sword.
Luo Zheng's palm touched the sword, and the palm print was accurately imprinted on the sword.
"Bang, bang, bang!"
Another three muffled sounds that were not very powerful came.
The irregular heavy sword that had recovered its original shape was pieced together again, and now the surface actually cracked again! "Wha, what …" Even though he was restrained inside by the Treacherous Body, Ku Shu could still feel the pain of the irregular heavy sword.
Facing the Death Sword, Luo Zheng not only adapted to the rules, but after adapting to the rules, he could also heavily injure the Death Sword! He had a chance of winning! This was the first time Ku Shu had such a thought.
This time, he no longer felt that it was absurd, but became very excited.
For him who had not awakened, the Treacherous Body was not his strong reliance, but a prison.
Ku Shu always wanted to break free from this prison, but this wish had never been realized.
Luo Zheng might not be able to awaken him, but at least he could bring him out of the Earth Altar.
"It's up to you, great human …" Ku Shu murmured.
As a Human Spirit King, he more or less looked down on the human race. This kind of contempt came from a higher level world looking down on a lower level world. It was similar to how humans looked down on insects crawling on the ground.
Previously, Luo Zheng's "insect" was somewhat special and attracted Ku Shu's attention, but it was only a powerful insect.
But now, Ku Shu realized that he had made a mistake … After all, he hadn't awakened yet, so he couldn't observe the outside world directly. He could only infer through some vague things.
The strength of this human was probably beyond his imagination. Hope gushed out from the dried spring like water.
At this moment, the basic rules of this world became abnormally complicated.
With every breath of time, the basic rules would change.
If an ordinary Sempiternal realm expert was in this space, even if the irregular heavy sword didn't attack, they would still be killed by the rapidly changing fundamental laws! Unfortunately, the irregular heavy sword was facing Luo Zheng, who had the Origin God Blood.
No matter how the basic rules were changed, Luo Zheng could instantly use the power of his bloodline to deal with it.
The means of the two seemed to have merged together many years ago. You know everything I know, but you can restrain everything I know.
This contest lasted for as long as the time it takes to burn a stick of incense.
Both of them were frozen in place and didn't move.
In the end, the irregular heavy sword couldn't suppress Luo Zheng's rules.
It lost its patience.
After a burst of green light appeared on the sword, this infinite space was filled with the power of life, as if it was a cradle for life everywhere.
The horizontal and vertical green lines in the space transformed into balls. Abundant power of life gathered in these balls. After a few breaths of time, these balls broke open, and monsters with two legs and two pincers crawled out of them.
These monsters had just been born, but they emitted a powerful aura.
There was no emotion in their eyes, only confusion in the depths of their pupils. However, all of their gazes were locked on Luo Zheng. They were waiting for an order to swarm him.
"You want to win with numbers?"
Luo Zheng showed a smile.
With a slight movement of his mind, Inner Avatars were constantly formed in the Land of Beginning.
After these Inner Avatars appeared, they flew straight to the center of the Land of Beginning. After rushing out of the dome, these Inner Avatars appeared beside Luo Zheng.
One, two, three … After a while, hundreds of Inner Avatars stood neatly beside Luo Zheng, and the number was still increasing.
This time, Luo Zheng didn't use the power of the Origin Blood, but the power of the Land of Beginning! Seeing the number of Luo Zheng's "Inner Avatars" skyrocketing, the monsters attacked Luo Zheng.
"Do it," Luo Zheng ordered.
With this order, Luo Zheng's Inner Avatars were also endowed with spirituality at this moment, and began to fight back against the Human Spirits.
This was no longer a one-on-one battle, but thousands of killings. A chaotic war had begun.
"Boom! Hua! Swish … "Luo Zheng and the irregular heavy sword did not join in.
In the chaotic situation, the two looked at each other from a distance, both were examining each other.
Outside the Altar of Earth.
After clearing out the Snake Spirits, the monsters gathered above the Altar of Earth again.
"What should we do next?"
The Monkey King was the first to break the silence.
The Monkey Kings pulled themselves out of the excitement of defeating their opponents and realized that this war was not over at all. Or rather, the battle just now was just an appetizer.
"We have to find the coordinates of the Snake Spirit King," Da Gu suggested.
"If we knock out its coordinates, the Snake Spirit King will not revive …" Xia Gu nodded.
Nuwa looked at the Monkey Kings helplessly. They only knew how to talk nonsense.
"With the help of the Guidance Space Stone, it will be difficult to find its coordinates," Luan Hu said, shaking its head.
"Then what should we do?"
Da Gu scratched its head.
"Defend to the death," Nuwa suddenly said.
"Until when?"
Shen Chengang asked.
In the battle just now, the ones who contributed the most were these few humans, especially Donghuang. Now that the Human Spirits were here, the Bird Spirits naturally looked up to them and were willing to listen to their opinions.
"Until Luo Zheng comes out," Yuanshi Tianzun took over the conversation.
Hearing Yuanshi Tianzun's words, Luan Hu said with some displeasure, "The key is how to deal with the Snake Spirit King, not defend to the death!"
"Can Luo Zheng really find our King?"
Shen Chengang asked worriedly.
They were not willing to pin their hopes on Luo Zheng alone.
Seeing that there were different opinions, the Monkey King touched the True Tooth Necklace on its chest and said with a grin, "I believe in that kid. It's not impossible to defend to the death."

Chapter 3789
Luan Fox, Han Ge, and the other bird lords, as well as Shen Chengang and the other human spirits, wanted to take the initiative to attack.
They would always be passive if they stayed here.
Facing Shift, who kept resurrecting, they would fall sooner or later.
However, the Spirit Monkey King was one of the four Spirit Kings, so it had the most authority here.
Since it gave the order, the bird lords and the human spirits had nothing to say.
Everyone waited quietly in the Earth Altar. After an hour, a wave of spatial fluctuations spread out from afar. This wave came from afar with an incomparably fast speed. In the blink of an eye, it was already near the Earth Altar. What entered everyone's eyes was a round ball, and within this round ball, there seemed to be something flickering with golden light.
Yuanshi Tianzun's eyes focused on the ball, and his eyes widened slightly. "That's … the coordinates!"
"Are those the Spirit Snake King's coordinates?"
"Those two golden crosses are so huge … It should be!"
The size of Shift's shape was directly related to the coordinates.
For example, the coordinates of Da Gu and Kong Gu were much smaller than the Spirit Monkey King's.
The coordinates in front of them were almost the same as the Spirit Monkey King's, so they naturally believed that it was the Spirit Snake King's coordinates.
When the Spirit Monkey King saw the coordinates, he couldn't help but say, "Although I don't know what you're thinking, what's the difference between sending the coordinates to me and seeking death!"
"Spirit Monkey King, wait!"
Nuwa reacted immediately and wanted to stop it.
However, with the Spirit Monkey King's personality, how could it be so easy to stop it?
It didn't listen to Nuwa's warning at all. Its legs suddenly jumped, and its mountain-like body jumped into the sky, grabbing at the ball.
The ball floated in the air motionlessly, allowing the Spirit Monkey King to grab it with both hands.
The Spirit Monkey King's hands swept past, but it was empty. It couldn't catch anything …
"Hidden in space?"
The Spirit Monkey King sneered. A wolf tooth in the True Tooth Necklace flashed, and a rich spatial power flowed out.
This spatial power bathed the Spirit Monkey King, as if it was covered in a blue crystal coat.
It turned around and reached out again …
However, the situation was the same!
The ball didn't seem to exist. It was like a dream that could only be seen but not touched.
In the Four Spirit Gates, Shou was the best at spatial magic.
Even Shou couldn't catch up to this ball, let alone the Monkey Spirit King.
A huge snake head slowly emerged from the golden coordinates in the ball. At the same time, the Snake Spirit King's earth-shaking laughter could be heard. "Yin Chu, your strength hasn't decreased in the past, but what can you do to me with just your strength?"
Hearing Sin's voice, Yin Chu was once again controlled by anger. He flew up and charged towards the ball.
"Phew!
Whoosh! Whoosh! "
His fists, which were bigger than hills, kept hitting the ball. Every heavy punch had the power to destroy the world. However, these fists eventually hit the air and could not hurt the Snake Spirit King at all.
"What's up with the sphere that contains the coordinates?"
"It should have been formed using the profound Laws of Space …"
"The Monkey King can't break it!"
"Who can see what that sphere is?"
Everyone was pondering.
Nuwa smiled bitterly. "That Snake Spirit King even dared to bring the coordinates. It must be very trusting of this ball …"
"This sphere … I don't understand it at all. With this sphere protecting the Spirit Snake King, I'm afraid it will be invincible," the Winged King murmured.
The bird masters and the human spirits were also silently observing.
There was no lack of experts who were proficient in Space Magic, but they could not see through the mysteries of the sphere.
Under the Monkey King's storm-like attacks, the Snake Spirit King's Treacherous Body had completely recovered from the coordinates. It seized a gap in the Monkey King's defense and rushed out. In an instant, it tightly wrapped around the Monkey King and displayed a terrifying strangulation power.
When Yin Chu felt this power, he was slightly stunned. A sneer appeared on his face. "You want to strangle me? How arrogant!"
If Sin was hiding in the sphere, Yin Chu could not do anything to it. However, if it came out to compete in strength, it would be like an egg hitting a stone.
After the Monkey King finished speaking, its arms suddenly swelled. With its strength, it could forcibly break Sin's snake body.
However, Sin's eyes showed a trace of mockery. Then, a series of silver runes appeared on its body. The originally soft Treacherous Body suddenly glowed with a metallic luster. In an instant, it hardened into steel bones and firmly fixed the Monkey King in place.
The Spirit Monkey King was unable to break free from his grasp!
"I've never been arrogant. The arrogant one has always been you …" the Snake Spirit King murmured.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Countless silver spikes rapidly grew from the Snake Spirit King's body. As soon as these silver spikes grew, they pierced into the Monkey King's body.
"Buzz!"
In the sphere that protected the Snake Spirit King's coordinates, a huge Holy Stone suddenly appeared.
This Holy Stone had been activated. The surging light of destruction shrouded the two Spirit Kings from top to bottom.
This was a battle of mutual destruction.
"I have countless chances to come back to life. What about you?
Once, or twice? "
The Snake Spirit King sneered.
"But you can't kill me even once …"
As the Monkey King spoke, the 22 wolf fangs on the True Tooth Necklace flickered violently.
The bloodline power in the wolf fangs flowed and gathered in its body. A wild aura bloomed from its body.
The Monkey King's power had always been domineering.
The bloodline power in the 13 wolf fangs was originally a fusion bloodline.
In different situations to deal with different enemies, it was reasonable to use different fusion bloodlines. In most cases, this was the case.
However, once the Monkey King entered a state of rage, it would not care about anything. It would pour out all the fusion bloodlines it had mastered.
The 13 fusion bloodlines were not compatible with each other. They would even conflict and repel each other.
However, the Monkey King forcibly fused them together again, unexpectedly possessing a terrifying destructive power. In the past, it had used this punch to kill 13 elders of the Ancient Eater Clan, shocking the entire Origin World.
The Great Conjecture Institute of the Human Clan had tried to analyze the principle and even tried to recreate this power, but to no avail. At that time, Elder Xue of the Great Conjecture Institute had even lamented that the Monkey King's stupidity had its own luck.
If it had been anyone else who had fused with these bloodlines, the only outcome would be self-destruction.
Now, the Monkey King had done the same thing and directly used the 22 fusion bloodlines.
These fusion bloodlines entangled in the Monkey King's body. Sometimes they released fire aura, sometimes they leaked life force, and sometimes thousands of lightning bolts exploded in its body. Even the time and space around it were faintly chaotic.
"What … kind of power is this?"
The Snake Spirit King was confused.
"The power to send you to your death." The Monkey King smirked.
A ball of light bloomed from his body like a rapidly growing sun. It engulfed the Spirit Monkey King, the Spirit Snake King, and everything within a radius of a few miles. Of course, this included the ball protecting the Spirit Snake King's coordinates in the sky.

Chapter 3790
That terrifying aura shook the hearts of everyone present.
The bird lords had always been arrogant. In their eyes, the Spirit Bird King was the strongest in the Four Spirit Gates. Without the Spirit Bird King, the Four Spirit Gates wouldn't have been able to grow.
But when this destructive energy exploded, their eyes were filled with fear and worry.
Han Ge silently glanced at the Luan Fox and said, "Luan Fox, if the king is in this situation, can he win?"
"No, the awakened king can't …" The Luan Fox answered with certainty.
"What about the awakened king?"
Han Ge asked again.
"He can't either." The Luan Fox was still certain.
"Then …" Han Ge's eyes revealed a conflicted look.
Under the premise of being loyal to the Spirit Bird King, the bird lords had to be enemies with almost everything.
Now they were cooperating with the Monkey Spirit Gate, but in the future, they might stand on the opposite side.
How could they fight against the Spirit Monkey King?
The Luan Fox had already seen through Han Ge's thoughts and said, "Luo Zheng has already gone to find the Human Spirit King. If the Human Spirit King can come out, he might be able to find another way to save our king. Don't worry too much, the conflict between us and them isn't unsolvable."
No one knew the path ahead, so they could only take one step at a time.
Yuanshi Tianzun and the others naturally didn't know this conversation between the bird lords. They seriously stared at the huge ball of light in the distance.
The ball of light continued to shine for a while before it slowly dimmed and dissipated …
The Spirit Monkey King's imposing figure slowly appeared, while the Spirit Snake King's snake body had completely disappeared.
"We won!"
"Our king is invincible!"
"That stupid snake was killed again, hahaha …"
Da Gu, Kong Gu, Xia Gu, and the other monkey lords were excited again.
As usual, Nuwa looked at them as if they were idiots and asked, "Where's the ball?"
"There's no trace of it," Fuxi replied.
"Was it destroyed?
The Spirit Snake King died just like that? "
Yuanshi Tianzun had a look of disbelief.
"That snake was too arrogant. It probably didn't think that the Spirit Monkey King would have such a strong method," Gong Gong said calmly.
The Spirit Snake King's coordinates were all protected by the ball. If the ball was destroyed by that terrifying energy, the Spirit Snake King naturally had no chance of survival. After all, the coordinates were the lifeblood of the Spirit Snake King.....
"I wonder how the Spirit Monkey King is doing. It doesn't seem to be moving," Nuwa said with a frown.
Those monkey lords were simply too heartless. Other than cheering for the Spirit Monkey King, they didn't seem to be worried about his safety at all.
Gradually, everyone felt that something was wrong.
The Spirit Monkey King stood motionless in the same place, looking tired.
Cracks began to spread across the originally tough Treacherous Body, and clumps of Treacherous Matter began to peel off from its body.
"My King!"
Only then did Da Gu realize that something was amiss. He took a big stride forward.
Without waiting for Da Gu to get close, the Spirit Monkey King's Treacherous Body had completely peeled off, turning into broken pieces that scattered on the ground. These broken pieces gradually dissipated …
When the Spirit Monkey King released that terrifying energy, the light of destruction shone on him and the Spirit Snake King. Under the combined effect of the two, not only did they kill the Spirit Snake King, but the Spirit Monkey King also couldn't escape.
"Buzz …"
On the altar, the Spirit Monkey King's coordinates glowed with a golden light. A huge foot emerged from the coordinates, followed by another foot, then the legs, the torso, the hands, and the head.
"My King!"
"My King!"
"My King!"
The Monkey Lords roared again.
This time, not only did the Spirit Monkey King win, it won completely!
After killing the Spirit Snake King, there was nothing in the Clear Jade Heavens that could threaten them!
Humans and Spirit Birds also showed relaxed expressions on their faces.
"The Spirit Snake King's coordinates have been destroyed. There shouldn't be a chance for it to be reborn …"
"We won just like that?"
"Of course we won. Our King is invincible, hahaha …"
Just as the Monkey Lords were celebrating, they realized that something was wrong with the Spirit Monkey King.
Black cracks once again appeared on the Spirit Monkey King's Treacherous Body. The broken pieces of Treacherous Matter quickly peeled off like cotton mats, enveloping everyone on the altar.
After a while, these broken pieces dissipated again.
The Spirit Monkey King, who had just been reborn, died. The Monkey Lords were all dumbfounded.
"What happened to My King?"
Xia Gu asked with a grave expression.
Da Gu also returned to the altar. He stared at the Spirit Monkey King's coordinates with a puzzled expression. "My King has just been reborn. It shouldn't have been attacked. Why did it collapse?"
The Primeval Lord of Heaven, Nuwa, and the others also came over.
They had encountered many Treacherous Matter over the years, but they had never seen such a strange thing.
"Buzz …"
The Spirit Monkey King's coordinates flashed again.
Then, its huge body drilled out of the coordinates again.
The Spirit Monkey King, who had just been reborn, appeared to be in great pain. It opened its mouth as if it wanted to say something. However, before it could speak, cracks began to spread from its head. Its huge body quickly turned into broken pieces and covered the altar. Then, it disappeared …
Although the coordinates could be reborn infinitely, the speed of rebirth would become slower and slower.
"Buzz!"
The Spirit Monkey King was reborn from the coordinates again.
The third time it was reborn, it was no different from before. It turned into a pile of broken pieces without being able to say anything.
The fourth time …
The fifth time …
After the Spirit Monkey King had been reborn five times in a row, the golden light on the coordinates dimmed.
Even someone as powerful as the Spirit Monkey King could only be reborn five times in a row. The coordinates needed a period of time to accumulate energy before it could be reborn again.
"Why?!"
"Why did it turn out like this?!"
Da Gu and Kong Gu were as anxious as ants on a hot pan. The other Monkey Lords were also hugging their heads helplessly. Asking the Monkey Lords to deal with such a simple matter was a little beyond their capabilities.
"The situation … is not good." Nuwa looked into the distance.
The Spirit Snakes and Snake Lords had been reborn one after another. Now, they had gathered again.
"Without the Spirit Snake King, these guys are nothing to be afraid of," said the Primeval Lord of Heaven.
After all, they still had the Bird Lord, the Monkey Lord, and the Human and Spirit Palaces by their side.
Da Gu, Kong Gu, Xia Gu, and the other Monkey Lords looked at the Spirit Snakes. Although they didn't know what was going on with the Spirit Monkey King, they still had to settle the score with the Spirit Snake Sect!
"I'm not talking about them …"
Nuwa shook her head and pointed her slender finger at the sky.
Unknowingly, a ball of black light had appeared in the sky. It was like a shadow floating in the air.
The position of this ball of black light was exactly where the ball had been floating before.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven was also stunned when he saw this black light. Then, his expression became more and more frightened.
The black light gradually expanded, and a sphere slowly emerged from the black light. The huge coordinates in the sphere were still intact!
"Hiss …"
The thick snake tongue was the first to be reborn from the coordinates, followed by the Spirit Snake King's head and long snake body.
Seeing the Spirit Snake King reborn, everyone on the altar felt as if they had fallen into an ice cave.

Chapter 3791
"How dangerous …"
The Spirit Snake King's voice came from above.
Yin Chu's attack was indeed beyond Sin's expectations. It was actually able to destroy its guidance barrier!
The guidance barrier was the sphere that protected the coordinates. This sphere was the strongest ability of the guidance spatial stone.
At that time, Sin was also scared silly.
Fortunately, Hei Guang had acted at the critical moment and protected its coordinates. Otherwise, it would have most likely been defeated.
"Sin! What did you do to our king?! "Da Gu roared towards the sky.
"What did I do?" The Spirit Snake King said calmly, "I only cast a small curse on its Treacherous Body …"
The Spirit Snake King said it casually, but this curse was not simple.
No matter how strong the curse was, it could only affect the current state. This curse directly affected the coordinates!
"Remove the curse! Otherwise, I will kill you! "Da Gu revealed two fangs, his monkey face filled with killing intent.
"With just you?" The Spirit Snake King said calmly.
The Great Ape King was famous in the past and was known as the strongest under the four Spirit Kings. However, there was still a qualitative difference between his strength and the four Spirit Kings.
Moreover, the Great Ape King was now a Treacherous Body. After being locked in the Night Vision Island for so long, his strength did not improve much.
"With just me!"
Anger filled Da Gu's chest, and his fear of the Spirit Snake King was thrown to the back of his mind. He stomped his feet on the ground, and the ground around him flipped. Da Gu was like a meteor as he flew towards the Spirit Snake King.
"Pitiful fellow …"
The Spirit Snake King did not move much.
There was now an invisible spatial wall between it and Da Gu.
"Boom!"
Da Gu crashed into the spatial wall. He could not maintain his upper body, like a mollusk that was being squeezed.
Immediately after, spatial walls appeared around Da Gu, forming a transparent cube that trapped Da Gu inside.
This cube was still shrinking …
Da Gu's sturdy Treacherous Body slowly shrank, slowly filling up the gaps in the spatial wall. Finally, Da Gu turned into a white cube. How could one still see its shape?
This was also because the Treacherous Body was a very special shape. If it was his physical body that was squeezed into a cube, he would have died long ago.
"Gu, gu, gu …"
This spatial body was still shrinking. Da Gu's treacherous body that was tens of feet tall finally turned into a three feet tall and three feet wide square.
"Weak guy …" As the Spirit Snake King spoke, it immediately sensed a spatial fluctuation. It coldly said, "You're courting death!"
"Phew …"
"Crack!"
Immediately after, Ancient Kong and Winged Monarch stumbled out from the side of the space.
Both of them wanted to secretly rescue Da Gu.
They couldn't see through the sphere that was floating in the air, but they could still fight against the space that was binding Da Gu.
The Winged King was originally thinking of looking for an opportunity to attack. When he discovered that Kong Gu had suddenly disappeared, he also transformed into a gust of invisible wind and shuttled over.
But what kind of existence was the Snake Spirit King?
With the existence of the Guiding Space Stone and the Limited Omniscient Stone, there was no one in this area that could go against them.
Even though it had almost died to the Spirit Monkey King, that was because it had been careless. Otherwise, no matter how powerful the Spirit Monkey King was, it wouldn't have been able to threaten it.
"The two of you, go to hell …"
Hearing this, the Winged King gently spread his wings.
But before his wings could even spread, they were already broken. A square space trapped him in it. With a burst of "kachachacha" squeezing sound, the Winged King turned into an emerald green cube.
Ancient Kong's situation was the same as Da Gu's. He was compressed into a white cube by the space and couldn't move.
After dealing with them, the Spirit Snake King ordered, "Twin Qi, kill them. This battle is over."
The Twin Qi Serpents led a group of Snake Spirits to wait in place. Now that the Spirit Snake King gave the order, the Twin Qi Serpents let out a "hiss" sound, and all the Snake Spirits surrounded the Earth Altar …
…
In the infinite space.
The number of monsters with two legs and two pincers was decreasing.
The number of "Luo Zheng" floating in the void was increasing.
Although the irregular epee was still constantly creating monsters, the speed of creation was getting slower and slower. Moreover, the quality of these monsters was getting worse and worse. They simply weren't enough for Luo Zheng's replica to kill.
It was like a lamp that had run out of oil.
"The war is over. You've lost." Luo Zheng had a smile on his face.
Even if the irregular epee had turned into the Sword of Death, its energy was still limited.
Luo Zheng relied on the Land of Origin to wear out the enemy. Eventually, he was in an invincible position. Choosing a war of attrition was a mistake for the irregular epee.
When the last monster was killed by the "Luo Zheng" army, Luo Zheng's thoughts moved slightly. Those replicas flew backward toward Luo Zheng, turning into small light spots that merged into Luo Zheng's Dantian.
The black heavy armor was still silently holding the Sword of Death …
The irregular epee had emotions. These emotions were not perceived by outsiders, only its owner knew.
Ku Shu could clearly feel that the irregular epee was a little depressed!
To force my sword to such an extent …
Ku Shu had never experienced this kind of emotion from the irregular epee.
Whenever he held this sword, he could feel the abundant fighting spirit and the excitement of a spiritual connection.
Even after he became a Treacherous Body, the irregular epee still loyally guarded Ku Shu.
During these years when he couldn't move, this sword was still cultivating by itself …
Although Ku Shu wanted to fight against a common enemy with the irregular epee, at this moment, he hoped that Luo Zheng would win. When this depressing emotion came, Ku Shu was somewhat happy, although this happiness was somewhat contradictory.
But this depressing emotion only lasted for a moment. Then Ku Shu sensed that the irregular epee was transmitting a great determination.
"You, you … what do you want to do?" Ku Shu was shocked.
The Sword of Death was the final form of the irregular epee. If even this form could not defeat the opponent, the situation was a foregone conclusion!
"Buzz …"
The originally unfolded Infinite World suddenly shrank and disappeared. Luo Zheng returned to the stone hall.
Then the black heavy armor raised the irregular epee towards Luo Zheng. White light spots and a gloomy and cold aura floated out of the sword.
"Still want to fight?"
Luo Zheng frowned.
The irregular epee might be strong, but Luo Zheng could not find a way to deal with it. It seemed that this sword still had a trump card?
But to Luo Zheng's surprise, the irregular epee did not attack.
The white light spots and the gloomy and cold aura actually created a cold prison. Then the white light spots hit the heavy armor.
Layers of white frost appeared and condensed into blocks of ice, sealing the sword and the heavy armor inside.
"What is the meaning of this?"
Luo Zheng felt incredulous.
"This sword has a spirit. It knows that it is not your opponent and cannot protect Ku Shu in the black heavy armor. It can only seal itself in ice," Taishang Laojun said.
At this time, it was still protecting its master. This sword was indeed loyal.

Chapter 3792
Luo Zheng stepped forward and knocked on the layer of ice on the black heavy armor. A touch of coldness condensed into white frost on his hand.
"What should we do now, carry him out like this?" Luo Zheng asked.
With Luo Zheng's strength, it was naturally not difficult to break this layer of ice, but the question was whether it was necessary to do so.
"Lord Ku Shu has not awakened, how about we move him out in one piece?" Taishang Laojun suggested.
He was doing this out of respect for Ku Shu.
After all, this black heavy armor contained the Human Spirit King.
"Alright," Luo Zheng nodded.
Moving Ku Shu out first and then making a decision, perhaps he could think of a way to awaken Ku Shu.
But at this moment, the Origin Divine Blood's voice sounded, "Luo Zheng, dismantle this black heavy armor and sword."
Luo Zheng was slightly surprised and asked, "Why?"
"The ability of this irregular heavy sword is very compatible with mine, I want to explore it …" the Origin Divine Blood said.
This sword's ability to constantly modify the Laws was indeed very admirable to Luo Zheng.
If it were anyone else, they would not be able to walk out of that infinite space.
The Origin Divine Blood's suggestion was in line with Luo Zheng's intentions, but he was still somewhat hesitant, "Would this be disrespectful?"
"The Human Spirit Sect has already fallen to such a state, what is there to be disrespectful about?" the Origin Divine Blood asked back.
"I was worrying too much," Luo Zheng nodded.
Luo Zheng then bowed towards the black heavy armor, "This one's purpose in coming here was to rescue the Human Spirit King, I really did not mean to offend, if I have offended you in any way, please forgive me!"
The irregular heavy sword definitely had intelligence, it just depended on whether it could understand.
After saying this, Luo Zheng placed his palm on the surface of the ice and lightly patted it.
"Pop!"
A muffled sound spread out.
Honeycomb-Like cracks appeared on the originally clear ice.
Countless finger-sized ice pieces shattered on the ground …
If these finger-sized ice pieces were thrown into any large province of the Origin World, it would turn into a world of ice and snow that would last for several years, and after it melted, it would form an ocean.
The irregular epee was obviously unwilling to give up.
Although it didn't attack Luo Zheng again, the moment the ice broke, it once again released white light spots, which quickly sealed it and the black heavy armor in ice.
It was as if he was making a final struggle in a fit of pique.
"Pop …"
Luo Zheng broke the ice again.
Seeing that the irregular heavy sword wanted to freeze him again, Luo Zheng grabbed the hilt of the sword, and at the same time, a flaming whirlwind rolled out from his palm.
"Hua hua hua …"
Under the cover of this flaming tornado, the cold air of the irregular heavy sword was unable to condense.
"Buzz …"
The sword was still unwilling to give up. It continued to tremble in Luo Zheng's hand, trying to break free. However, it didn't have enough strength to do so.
At the same time, the irregular heavy sword was communicating with the bitter tree silently.
Ku Shu had a general idea of what was happening outside. After sensing the unwillingness of the irregular heavy sword, he advised, "You have already lost. According to the rules, he is your master. I also became your master in the same way back then."
This sword and armor made of life iron were painstakingly found by the bitter tree and Shou Shou in the deep space.
When Ku Shu met it for the first time, he had to use all kinds of methods to tame it.
After so many years of companionship, he and the sword were like comrades.
"What? You said you were an ownerless thing at that time. Now you have a master? "
Ku Shu sensed the emotion of the irregular heavy sword again. He shook his head and sighed, "According to the standards of the main world, I am already dead. Now I can't even awaken. How can I be your master …"
"The most important thing is that he is not our enemy. He is here to save me."
"Yes, I believe in this human!"
"He is the continuation of our human spirit. Believe in my judgment. You can trust it …"
Ku Shu advised for a while.
In fact, Ku Shu might not be able to trust Luo Zheng.
However, Luo Zheng in front of him was probably his only way out. Otherwise, Ku Shu would probably be trapped here forever.
After this communication, the irregular heavy sword finally stopped trembling.
Luo Zheng held the hilt of the sword with one hand, and gently pulled the sword upwards.
"Hum!"
Red light was emitted from the cracks on the sword body, and a desire was transmitted to Luo Zheng.
It was very thirsty. It needed energy …
Before Luo Zheng knew how to respond, the Origin divine blood had already sensed it. Energy as vast as the sea rushed into Luo Zheng's arm and converged into the irregular heavy sword.
The irregular heavy sword didn't reject the energy given by the Origin divine blood at all!
"Was this sword born from the same womb as you? Is it really so compatible?" Luo Zheng joked.
The Origin divine blood said, "I don't know, but I must have a relationship with it."
After the irregular heavy sword absorbed enough energy, it made a buzzing sound, and the black heavy armor disintegrated by itself.
"Crash!"
Helmet, breastplate, back armor, shoulder pads …
The disassembled pieces of the black heavy armor swarmed towards Luo Zheng. In a breath, it was already neatly put on.
"This armor …"
While Luo Zheng was still surprised, he saw a strange body standing motionless. This strange body was tall and sturdy, with a handsome face, and an unrestrained and agile feeling between his eyebrows. This was the Human Spirit King Ku Shu inside the black heavy armor.
On Ku Shu's chest, there were two golden crosses floating slowly, one above and one below. These were his coordinates.
"Senior Ku Shu's strange body, what kind does it belong to?" Luo Zheng asked.
Taishang Laojun thought for a moment and replied, "It belongs to neither the slaughter type nor the good type. The quiet and motionless type of strange body belongs to the sleeping type."
Ku Shu himself didn't attack Luo Zheng. What attacked Luo Zheng was his sword.
"Then I …"
Luo Zheng was about to say how to deal with the strange body, when suddenly there was a rumbling sound above his head, and the whole Earth Altar began to shake!
Can't hold on?
Luo Zheng's eyebrows slightly raised, and he suddenly felt anxious.
He knew that the Snake Spirit King would definitely attack the Earth Altar, but with the combined power of the Human Spirit, the Monkey Spirit, and the Bird Spirit, they could hold on for a while.
So Luo Zheng took out the Sumeru Space, directly threw the Human Spirit King's strange body and the coordinates inside, and then left the stone hall.
When Luo Zheng opened the door, the old man guarding the ice hall suddenly raised his head.
The old man's obsession was all on Ku Shu, so naturally he was very concerned about everything in the stone hall.
Seeing the black heavy armor open the door, the old man stayed in place for a while, and his dull eyes suddenly became clear. The old man thought that Ku Shu had awakened, and his obsession was satisfied in an instant, so he directly awakened!
"Master Ku Shu!"
The old man strode to Luo Zheng and knelt on one knee in front of him.
"You, you awakened? I am not your king, "Luo Zheng explained.
The old man slowly got up and looked at him with a puzzled face, "You defeated Master Ku Shu, but Master Ku Shu didn't awaken?"
"No, his strange body has been put into the Sumeru Space," Luo Zheng replied.
"Why is that!" The old man was quite excited.
Luo Zheng waved his hand and said, "The Snake Spirit King is attacking outside the Earth Altar, I will go up first!"
His voice fell, Luo Zheng didn't stop and went straight to the gate of the ice hall.
The old man stood in place for a while, and suddenly realized that Ku Shu was taken away by the human, so he hurried to catch up.

Chapter 3793
On the altar, the Primeval Lord of Heaven and the others were still bitterly holding on.
With the strength of the Monkey Spirit, Bird Spirit, and Human Spirit, it was more than enough to deal with the Snake Spirit.
However, with the addition of the Snake Spirit King, the balance of power quickly tilted towards the Snake Spirit.
"Hiss …"
When the Bifid Serpent charged towards the altar, Xia Gu and Ancient Inch Stone flanked it from the left and right.
The Monkey Spirit King, Ancient Inch Stone, and Ancient Inch Stone were restrained, but the monkey lords' morale wasn't affected. Instead, they were filled with battle intent.
The two monkey lords flashed past, leaving a trail of afterimages behind them. They were so fast that the Bifid Serpent didn't even have time to react.
"If anything happens to our king, you'll all die with him!"
Xia Gu roared and opened his hands in the shape of a cross. A black staff appeared in his hands.
"Whoosh!"
The black staff seemed to be made of water. The ink constantly fluctuated within the staff. The moment it approached the Bifid Serpent, the black staff heavily struck the side of the Bifid Serpent.
"Whoosh!"
The black staff was like water that had been poured out. It was evenly spread across the Bifid Serpent's body.
Xia Gu was the weakest among the monkey lords, but he had the strongest sealing ability.
This "Ink Sealing Technique" naturally didn't come from the Monkey Spirit King. Instead, it was a divine ability developed by the Great Conjecture Institute. It was also one of the top divine abilities in the Great Conjecture Institute!
"Cut it into pieces!"
The moment Xia Gu used the Ink Sealing Technique, Ancient Inch Stone followed closely behind.
Ancient Inch Stone's ten fingers had already grown brightly colored "fingernails". These fingernails were formed from energy and were extremely sharp.
Xia Gu's hands scratched the Bifid Serpent's body. After being sealed by the ink, the Bifid Serpent's movements became extremely sluggish. Its pitch-black body seemed to have lost the tenacity unique to the Bizarre Body. Xia Gu's Chi Chi sliced off its body!
The Bifid Serpent didn't place the monkey lords in its eyes. After all, this was a battle it was certain to win. It didn't expect that Xia Gu and Ancient Inch Stone would be caught off guard. Right now, it was very difficult for it to counterattack.
Just as a third of the Biheaded Serpent's body was about to be sliced apart, two forces suddenly pressed down from the sky.
Xia Gu and Kong Gu, who were in high spirits, felt a heavy pressure above their heads. The two of them were almost pressed into the ground. Just as they rolled to the side to avoid the pressure above their heads, the space around them pressed down on them from all directions.
In the blink of an eye, the two monkey lords were turned into two square bricks …
The bifid serpent twisted its body and broke free from the Ink Sealing Technique. There was a hint of shame in its eyes as it said, "King …"
"These monkey lords are strong to begin with. Now that they're fighting with anger, you just have to be careful," the Spirit Snake King said.
"Yes!"
The bified-headed serpent nodded. Bone spikes extended from its body and immediately swam towards the Earth Altar at an even faster speed.
Whether it was the Bird Lord, the Monkey Lord, or the Human Lord …
As long as they dared to leave the Earth Altar and attack, they would be crushed into bricks by the Snake Spirit King.
The Spirit Snake King did not kill them, but trapped them in a narrow space, unable to move.
There were fewer and fewer Human Lords, Bird Lords, and Monkey Lords …
The expressions of the Primeval Lord of Heaven, Nuwa, and the others became more and more unsightly.
Although the human heroes had faced many desperate situations in the past, they still had the strength to fight back.
Now, looking at the huge Spirit Snake King from afar, everyone felt a deep sense of helplessness.
They had never been discouraged, but such an opponent was so strong that they could not understand it. How could they fight back?
Gradually, the monkey lords were bound in the space cubes and scattered on the ground around the Earth Altar.
Next were the Bird Lords who had nowhere to run …
Next were the Human Lords.
In the end, only the Primeval Lord of Heaven and a few others were left. The situation seemed to have returned to its initial state, and they no longer had any trump cards in their hands.
The Spirit Snake King looked down at the few people in front of it. There was a faint smile in the depths of its snake eyes.
"Fight it to the death!"
Zhurong widened his eyes, and a surging heat spread in all directions.
At this moment, Zhurong was like a Flame God descending. From his flesh to his bones, he turned into magma flames!
Whoosh!
When Zhu Rong leaped up, he sensed an irresistible pressure pressing down on his head.
In the blink of an eye, Zhurong was compressed into a cube of magma and fell on the Earth Altar, unable to move at all.
"Speaking of which … I have to thank you," the Spirit Snake King said calmly.
"Thank what?"
The Primeval Lord of Heaven said with a gloomy face.
"There are some things that I can't get, but that human called Luo Zheng succeeded," the Spirit Snake King said.
The Spirit Snake King, who had a limited number of omniscient stones, paid attention to every movement in the Earth Altar.
"Luo Zheng rescued the Human Lord?"
The Primeval Lord of Heaven said as he looked down at the square opening behind him.
"Yes." The Spirit Snake King's eyes shone brightly. "He is your hope, and also my hope …"
Hearing this, Nuwa, Fuxi, and the Primeval Lord of Heaven looked puzzled.
The Spirit Snake King's hope?
They did not know what it meant.
At this moment, a buzzing sound came from the square opening, followed by bursts of cold air.
"Da da da …"
Accompanied by crisp footsteps, Luo Zheng, dressed in black armor and holding a heavy sword, walked up the stairs.
Luo Zheng stood at the highest point and looked around. When he saw the cubes scattered on the ground, the corners of his eyes twitched slightly. He immediately looked up at the Spirit Snake King in the sky. "You've been waiting for me."
"Yes."
The Spirit Snake King's voice had a trace of unconcealable excitement. "I've been waiting for this day for too long. You didn't let me down. Very good, very good …"
"Woo —"
Luo Zheng swung his sword in the air.
Such a heavy sword was as light as a feather in his hand.
The irregular blade made a harsh whistling sound as it rubbed against the air, interrupting the Spirit Snake King's words.
Luo Zheng then asked, "You went down the Earth Altar and failed to defeat Senior Ku Shu. Do you think you can defeat me?"
The Spirit Snake King smiled confidently. "Of course I can."
"Why?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"You'll know soon …"
Half of the Spirit Snake King's Treacherous Body was originally buried in the coordinates of the sphere.
Now it was constantly extracting the Treacherous Body and turning into a complete giant snake. Two stones floated in front of its forehead. One was a diamond-shaped Limited Omniscient Stone, and the other was a triangular Spatial Guidance Stone.
With a slight flicker of black light, a pure black circular gem appeared on its forehead. This black circular gem emitted a faint black smoke, which seeped into the Spirit Snake King's scales.
In a moment, the Spirit Snake King's body was covered with a layer of black scales.
"Come up!"
At the Spirit Snake King's command, a spatial wall appeared under Luo Zheng's feet. This spatial wall was going to lift Luo Zheng directly up.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng gently stepped on the wall with his toes, and the spatial wall burst open. "No, I'll do it myself."

Chapter 3794
The space wall constructed by the space stone was so overbearing.
Whether it was the great ape king or the luan fox, Han Ge couldn't resist at all.
However, Luo Zheng only needed to stomp the ground with the tip of his foot to explode, and he immediately soared into the sky.
Nuwa looked at Luo Zheng's figure and said in a daze, "Luo Zheng said the Spirit Snake King was defeated by Ku Shu. What does that mean?"
"The key is, why don't we see the Human Spirit King?
Didn't they already save him? "
The Primeval Lord of Heaven was also at a loss.
Just as they were wondering what was going on, another Treacherous Spirit appeared at the square entrance. It was an elderly Human Spirit.
Yuanshi Tianzun's eyes flashed, and he bowed with both hands, "Senior Ku Shu!"
"Senior Ku Shu …"
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others subconsciously thought the old man was Ku Shu.
Unexpectedly, the old man waved his hand and said, "I am not Senior Ku Shu."
"Then you are …"
"I am Senior Ku Shu's old servant, Cang Jiao," the old man replied.
In the Human Spirit Sect, Cang Jiao was the most loyal and devoted servant. He had served Ku Shu for countless years.
Even after he died and turned into a Strange Body, his obsession was still in the Earth Altar.
"Senior Cang Jiao, what happened in the Earth Altar? Why don't we see Senior Ku Shu?"
Yuanshi Tianzun asked again.
"Was the Spirit Snake King really defeated by Senior Ku Shu?"
Nuwa also asked.
Cang Jiao looked at the Spirit Snake King in the sky, his eyes flashing with endless sorrow, "Yes, the Spirit Snake King once entered the Earth Altar, but he couldn't break the trap set by Senior Ku Shu and died there."
"Isn't the key to the Earth Altar a trap?"
Nuwa's expression changed.
"Yes, the Spirit Snake King couldn't defeat Senior Ku Shu with his Strange Body, so he wanted to enter the Earth Altar through other people," Cang Jiao nodded.
Nuwa and Yuanshi Tianzun took a deep breath.
Fuxi asked, "What about Senior Ku Shu?
Why don't we see him? "
Their group had entered the Earth Altar in order to find their greatest reliance, the Human Spirit King.
Now, Luo Zheng was wearing a full set of heavy armor and carrying a sword. What was going on?
"Senior Ku Shu was taken into the Sumeru Space by Luo Zheng. He … hasn't awakened yet!"
Cang Jiao sighed.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the Primeval Lord of Heaven fell silent.
Originally, they still had a sliver of hope in the Human Spirit King, but now, that sliver of hope had disappeared without a trace.
They had been running around for so long, but everything had been within the Snake Spirit King's calculations. A deep sense of helplessness shrouded them, and they had nowhere to run.
"Maybe … Luo Zheng can win?"
Gong Gong, who had been silent the whole time, abruptly said, "Don't forget about Luo Zheng's power. He has inherited the powerful original divine blood. You're too pessimistic."
Cang Jiao shook his head and said, "There are many experts in our Human Spirit Sect, and all of them have inherited the power of the Origin Divine Blood. But in the end, they still ended up like this."
"Senior Cang Jiao, Luo Zheng didn't inherit the power of the divine blood of origin. He inherited the complete divine blood of origin," Gong Gong corrected.
Perhaps because he had just awakened, Cang Jiao's thinking wasn't very agile. After a few breaths, he reacted. There was still some confusion in his eyes. "What did you say?
He inherited the Origin Divine Blood?
The complete Origin Divine Blood? "
"Yes." The Primeval Lord of Heaven nodded.
"Are you sure you're not mistaken?"
Cang Jiao still didn't believe it.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven said with certainty, "As Immortal Realm experts, we naturally know the difference. Luo Zheng can use the power of the four quadrants at will. That's what the Origin Divine Blood can give him."
Cang Jiao's eyes lit up …
"No wonder! No wonder he could defeat Lord Ku Shu. That sword … with that sword, maybe he can win! "
Cang Jiao was so excited that he couldn't speak coherently.
"Phew …"
At this moment, the irregular heavy sword in Luo Zheng's hand emitted an angry emotion.
Although this sword couldn't speak, it could convey emotions. It could feel sadness and anger.
Facing an opponent who had once killed a Human Spirit King, the irregular heavy sword was full of fighting spirit!
"You want to kill it?"
Luo Zheng asked.
Immediately, Luo Zheng received a response. The irregular heavy sword responded to Luo Zheng with an emotion that was close to joy.
"I have the same thoughts as you." Luo Zheng smiled.
When he raised his head to look at the Spirit Snake King again, his figure had already disappeared.
Thousands of feet of space flashed by, and the irregular heavy sword was already in front of the Spirit Snake King's forehead.
"Let me see your power …" Luo Zheng said.
"Hum!"
The surface of the irregular heavy sword suddenly cracked.
This sword itself was not a whole, but a sword made of 15 pieces of life iron.
When it was brought back from the deep space by the Ku Shu, it had never fully used its power.
There was no other reason. It needed to absorb the power of the bloodline, but even the powerful Ku Shu couldn't support this sword.
But now, it could continuously absorb Luo Zheng's bloodline power. The power of the Origin Divine Blood was almost unlimited, making it unprecedentedly powerful!
"Hum …"
A vortex of energy appeared in the center of the 15 pieces of life iron. With a swoosh, the huge body of the Spirit Snake King was sucked in.
"Twist!"
From the moment Luo Zheng approached the Spirit Snake King, the irregular heavy sword unfolded, and the vortex of energy appeared in an instant!
But the Spirit Snake King's reaction was not slow.
The limited omniscient stones were all concentrated on Luo Zheng.
Every movement of Luo Zheng's body, from a small hair fluttering in the wind to a big heart beating faster, all these information were constantly poured into the mind of the Spirit Snake King.
The guiding space stone began to flash with blue light.
"Unending and Unending Spatial Manipulation."
Layers of space like a thousand-layer pancake constantly appeared, enveloping the huge body of the Spirit Snake King.
Ten layers, a hundred layers, a thousand layers, ten thousand layers …
As a Saint's aide, the guiding space stone had the absolute priority to use the energy of the Holy Pillar.
When this stone began to use the power of the entire Holy Pillar, countless Nirvana Realm tokens in the Nirvana Realm dimmed at this moment, temporarily losing the support of the Holy Pillar.
Some Nirvana Realm masters found that their tokens had lost their power and used Divine Crystals to inject energy into the tokens without knowing the reason, but the energy of the Divine Crystals disappeared without a trace.
The sturdiness of this Endless Space Manipulation could be imagined!
But when the vortex of energy came into contact with the Endless Space Manipulation, the Spirit Snake King involuntarily spun wildly.
In a breath's time, it spun tens of thousands of times, and its long body was quickly twisted into a fried dough twist!
And countless spiral-shaped cracks appeared on the surface of this Endless Space Manipulation.
"Crack, crack, crack!"
Accompanied by three earth-shattering sounds, the endless Space Defense had been shattered, but the Snake Spirit King was still spinning at high speed, even though its treacherous body had been torn to pieces, like a piece of cloth struggling to hold on in the wind.
"This sword …"
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng was also shocked.
It was also using the power of the Origin Divine Blood, but this sword seemed to know much more than him, or even more than the Origin Divine Blood.
The ordinary-looking vortex actually had such power!

Chapter 3795
The Treacherous Body was extremely malleable. Not to mention being twisted into a fried dough twist, it would not die even if it was cut into pieces.
"Whoosh!"
With the sound of the wind, the Spirit Snake King finally broke free from the chains.
The huge snake body was like a long whip, slamming into the ground with a crisp "pop" sound. The whole Jade Clear Sky trembled. The Spirit Snake King was directly embedded in the ground!
Luo Zheng shook the hilt in his hand slightly, and the 15 pieces of life iron returned to their original positions to form an irregular epee.
His figure drilled forward and appeared on the head of the Spirit Snake King in an instant.
"Second sword."
Without waiting for the Spirit Snake King to get up from the ground, Luo Zheng's sword stabbed straight down.
"Buzz!"
The power of the Origin Divine Blood was once again released through the irregular long sword.
The cracks on the irregular epee were now emitting a light blue light, which was the ability of more than ten space quadrants.
Now, neither Luo Zheng nor the Origin Divine Blood knew what the irregular epee would do.
The Origin Divine Blood only needed to provide energy, and Luo Zheng only needed to stab the sword out.
The next thing was left to the irregular epee itself!
"Pop!"
The irregular epee once again touched the forehead of the Spirit Snake King.
Then, palm-sized blue triangular patterns appeared on the surface of the Spirit Snake King's body.
From the huge head to the huge tail, there were about tens of millions of these blue triangles …
Luo Zheng's eyes were a little confused, and the Spirit Snake King felt a little frightened.
In an instant …
These blue triangles began to cut each other.
The Spirit Snake King, which was originally a whole body, was cut into tens of millions of triangles in the blink of an eye!
"So fast …" Luo Zheng exclaimed again.
Previously, when Luo Zheng had used the Blood Control Secret Technique to create the Origin Divine Blood, he could achieve a similar effect. However, when used on the Spiritual Snake King, the effect would be greatly reduced. It was even more impossible to cut the Spiritual Snake King's huge body into pieces!
"Whoosh …"
Although it was cut into tens of millions of pieces, the Spirit Snake King still did not give up. The triangles quickly turned into small black and white snakes. The small snakes gathered in the same direction, quickly restoring the complete body.
The Spirit Snake King had just recovered when Luo Zheng appeared in front of it again. He did not want to give it a chance to breathe.
"Third sword!"
The irregular heavy sword once again absorbed the power of the Origin Divine Blood.
Between the gaps of the fifteen pieces of Life Iron, two colors of green and gray alternated. This was the ability of the Creation Quadrant and Life Quadrant, and there were only six of them!
At this moment, a look of anticipation appeared in Luo Zheng's eyes. He wanted to know what kind of divine ability the irregular heavy sword would release.
Not only him, but the Primeval Lord of Heaven, Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others were also overjoyed.
Previously, the Snake Spirit King had suppressed all of them by relying on a channeling space stone. It was really too humiliating.
Now that he saw Luo Zheng beat up the Spirit Snake King, he naturally helped them vent their anger.
As for the Spirit Snake King, she was extremely depressed.
He had been suppressed by Luo Zheng for a long time, and this had never happened in thousands of years.
Of course, the Snake Spirit King recognized that irregular heavy sword. It was not this strong when it was in the hands of Ku Shu.
"Die!"
The Spirit Snake King finally began to fight back.
Layers of black mist suddenly erupted from the black gemstone, and destructive power poured out.
The current Luo Zheng was extremely sensitive to energy!
The energy contained within the black fog was so terrifying that Luo Zheng had no choice but to retreat!
"Swoosh!"
A black beam of light emerged from the layers of black fog and fell straight toward the top of Luo Zheng's head.
At the moment when the black beam of light fell, the channeling space stone also flashed blue, and the space around Luo Zheng suddenly became extremely sticky!
"Swoosh!"
The black beam of light blasted on Luo Zheng's head and directly drowned Luo Zheng.
As the black beam of light disappeared, Luo Zheng also disappeared.
The Spirit Snake King's flexible snake head kept looking around, and the limited omniscient stone was frantically searching, but it could not find the existence of that guy at all!
The Spirit Snake King was a little frightened.
According to Black Light, Luo Zheng should be able to defeat Ku Shu in the Earth Altar and smoothly take out the sword.
With its strength, it could easily defeat Luo Zheng and take back the sword.
This was part of the plan.
Luo Zheng's strength was far beyond its expectations.
This was not what Black Light had said …
Was Black Light wrong?
Or was it lying to it?
The Spirit Snake King thought about this question while looking for Luo Zheng.
If it was Black Light's mistake, it would be fine.
The Spirit Snake King knew Black Light's strength. As long as it took action, Luo Zheng would be helpless no matter how strong he was.
If Black Light was really lying to it, the situation would be troublesome!
"Buzz!"
Not far away, Luo Zheng's figure had just emerged, and a black beam of light shot toward him.
"Boom!"
The black beam of light passed through Luo Zheng's shadow and blasted on the ground.
"Buzz!"
The next moment, Luo Zheng's figure flashed behind the Spirit Snake King, and the black beam of light blasted down again …
"Boom! Boom! Boom … "
Under the powerful perception of the limited omniscient stone, no matter where Luo Zheng appeared, the Spirit Snake King could always know in an instant and blast it with the black beam of light at the same time.
"That black gem is very strong. It should consume a lot of Nirvana Realm Power, right?"
Luo Zheng's figure flashed behind the Spirit Snake King, and he left a sentence at the same time.
This time, the Spirit Snake King did not release the black beam of light, or it would have blasted itself.
The energy of the Saint's items was not infinite.
Whether it was the limited omniscient stone, the guiding space stone, or this black gem, it consumed a lot of the Holy Pillar's energy.
When the Spirit Snake King used three Saint's items, most of the Nirvana tokens in the entire Nirvana Realm could not be used normally …
"So what?
The Holy Pillar's energy is much more than you think. I can catch you before the energy runs out! "
After the Spirit Snake King finished speaking, the guiding space stone flashed blue again.
Luo Zheng, who was originally traveling through space, was forcibly squeezed out.
"Ka ka ka ka …"
The Spirit Snake King was waiting for this opportunity. Countless space walls surrounded Luo Zheng, and at the same time, the black beam of light shrouded him.
"You have no way to escape!"
The Spirit Snake King said excitedly.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
This time, the black beam of light poured down on Luo Zheng without reservation, and it lasted for more than ten breaths.
Through the limited omniscient stone, the Spirit Snake King could perceive that Luo Zheng's body was eroding, melting, and disappearing little by little …
The biggest problem was solved!
The Spirit Snake King's heart was full of joy.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng's voice sounded behind the Spirit Snake King again. "I forgot to tell you that your limited omniscient stone is actually very easy to deceive."
"What …"
The Spirit Snake King wanted to turn around.
But just as it turned around, the irregular heavy sword was pressed against its back again, and its body was instantly cut into tens of millions of pieces.
At the same time, the blazing white light of destruction rushed out like a tide.
Under the erosion of the light of destruction, the Spirit Snake King's broken body quickly collapsed.

Chapter 3796
When Luo Zheng left the stone hall, he cut a piece of Holy Stone from the stone hall's wall.
This was the highest grade Holy Stone, and it was the size of a fist. The light of destruction it released was extremely effective.
If it was Luo Zheng's own Holy Stone, it might not be able to kill such a huge Treacherous Body.
"Buzz …"
As soon as the Treacherous Body of the Snake Spirit King collapsed, the three gems disappeared in a flash.
On the Earth Altar, Nuwa and the others were so excited that they almost jumped up.
After all, according to the original plan, the Human Race was not responsible for fighting the Snake Spirit King.
The Snake Spirit King's opponent was the Monkey Spirit King, which was their biggest trump card.
After the Monkey Spirit King was defeated and cursed, this trump card no longer existed. In theory, they had been defeated.
Who knew that Luo Zheng would take out a sword from the Earth Altar and directly beat the Snake Spirit King without any power to fight back!
"Pop!"
"Pop …"
"Pop pop pop …"
After the Space Stone flew away, the square space it created began to lose its effect.
The square space that bound Da Gu and Kong Gu was the first to explode, and the Treacherous Bodies that were compressed inside were freed one after another.
Those Treacherous Bodies struggled for a while, then began to change shape and finally returned to their original shape.
"I'm suffocating!"
"I'm finally free!"
"That's not the point. That kid, Luo Zheng of the Human Race, defeated the Snake Spirit King!"
Although they were trapped in the square space, it did not affect their observation of the outside world. They saw how Luo Zheng easily defeated the Snake Spirit King with a series of incredible attacks.
On the other side, the Snake Masters and Snake Spirits were confused.
Especially the Two-Headed Serpent and the Heavenly Yin Snake Masters, they were very clear about the Snake Spirit King's plan.
Letting Luo Zheng take out the sword was part of the plan.
Logically speaking, the Snake Spirit King should have a countermeasure. How could it be one-sided?
This was not normal!
However, whether it was the Snake Masters, the Monkey Masters, or the Bird Masters, they were not in a hurry to fight. The key to the success or failure of this battle was not them, but Luo Zheng and the Snake Spirit King!
After defeating the Spirit Snake King, Luo Zheng raised his head and looked up.
There was a transparent ball floating there, and the coordinates of the Snake Spirit King were hidden inside.
If he wanted to kill the Snake Spirit King, he must destroy this ball.
"Luo Zheng! That sphere is protected by a special power, "Nuwa reminded him.
Previously, the Monkey Spirit King had used up all of the power of the True Tooth Necklace and almost destroyed the sphere and the coordinates within it.
However, at the critical moment, a ball of black light appeared and enveloped him. Both the ball itself and the black light were very strange.
"Special power?"
Luo Zheng looked up and sized him up.
The coordinates in the sphere flashed with golden light. The coordinates contained abundant energy, but the Snake Spirit King did not revive immediately?
Luo Zheng took two steps back and swung his irregular heavy sword fiercely.
A crescent-shaped sword ray shot towards the ball.
This sword light was very ordinary, but it was powerful enough to cut open the Spirit Snake King's body.
"Shua!"
In the blink of an eye, the sword light had already traversed tens of thousands of feet and struck the ball.
However, it was as if the ball didn't exist. It passed through without a sound.
Luo Zheng blinked. He was not surprised by this scene. He raised the irregular heavy sword and said, "Give it to you?"
The irregular heavy sword emitted a feeling of eagerness!
This sword was very willing to end the Snake Spirit King's life.
The spatial power contained in the sphere might be extremely mysterious. Even the Bird Spirit King, who was proficient in spatial rules, could not touch it.
However, it was not difficult for Luo Zheng. The Origin God's Blood had a complete space-time quadrant. No matter how special the spatial power was, it could not avoid the 93 abilities in the space-time quadrant.
The irregular heavy sword could exert the power of the Origin God's Blood to the extreme. Breaking this sphere was not a challenge for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng took another step back and prepared to swing the sword a second time.
The cracks on the heavy sword flashed with blue light, and a mysterious spatial aura escaped.
As Luo Zheng thought, the irregular heavy sword's abilities all belonged to the space-time quadrant. There were as many as 19 abilities!
Just as Luo Zheng was about to swing the sword, the bifid serpent in the distance suddenly attacked and went straight to Luo Zheng.
Although it knew that it was not Luo Zheng's opponent, it was eager to save its master and did not care about anything else.
Luo Zheng frowned and took a step forward. Immediately, his figure appeared behind the bifid serpent like a ghost. At the same time, the irregular long sword flashed.
"Zeng zeng zeng zeng zeng …"
A series of messy cutting sounds could be heard.
The bifid serpent's body had been cut into tens of thousands of triangles.
Luo Zheng took out the holy stone from the Sumeru Space, activated it, and released the light of destruction. The bifid serpent's body quickly collapsed.
The bifid serpent's strength was one of the top existences in the strange world.
Previously, it had wreaked havoc on Night Vision Island by itself.
Now, facing Luo Zheng, it could not last more than two breaths!
Da Gu, Kong Gu, Xia Gu, and the other monkey masters saw this scene and their hearts trembled slightly. They, who had always been warlike, could not help but compare themselves to the bifid serpent.
There was a certain gap between their strength and the bifid serpent. After all, they had been sealed on Night Vision Island for so many years.
If they faced Luo Zheng directly, they would probably be defeated even more miserably …
At this moment, Da Gu and the other monkey masters rejoiced. Fortunately, Luo Zheng had found Night Vision Island and stood on the same side as them. He did not become their enemy!
After dealing with the bifid serpent, Luo Zheng swung his long sword again.
Swoosh!
The sword light, which contained the power of 19 spatial quadrants, flashed and went straight for the sphere.
The speed of the sword light was not fast, but the sphere seemed to have forgotten to dodge.
Thump!
This time, the sword light, which contained the power of space, did not pass through the sphere. Instead, it slashed the surface of the sphere.
"Pipa!"
Cracks appeared on the surface of the sphere.
This sphere was stronger than Luo Zheng had imagined. Therefore, he did not hesitate to slash a second time, a third time …
Just as Luo Zheng was destroying the sphere, a fierce dispute was happening in the Spirit Snake King's coordinates.
"You asked me to release that guy, but now he can take my life!"
"You have to give him more power!"
"Otherwise, we will die together!"
At this critical moment, the Spirit Snake King no longer had any scruples.
At this moment, the sound of the sphere breaking came into the coordinates. The Spirit Snake King became even more nervous and shouted, "That guy is attacking the Spirit Sphere!
At this moment, Black Light was silent …
The Spirit Snake King had been pushed to the front.
However, after Luo Zheng took out that sword, the Spirit Snake King's existence was no longer significant.
Whether it was the layout of the Nirvana Realm or the Land of Origin built by the Spirit Snake King, it could easily take over.
It was a good choice to let the Spirit Snake King die in the hands of Luo Zheng.
However, when the Spirit Snake King begged, Black Light changed its mind and finally said, "Don't worry, of course, I won't watch you die …"
"Then what should I do?"
Black Light finally responded, and the Spirit Snake King breathed a sigh of relief.
"Show your strength," Black Light said.
"But my strength is not enough to fight against him," the Spirit Snake King said, puzzled.
"It's enough for now."
Hum!
The Spirit Snake King's coordinates were originally pure gold, but after Black Light finished speaking, a pure black light climbed onto the coordinates like earthworms.

Chapter 3797
As one of the most powerful spatial abilities of the spatial stone, the spatial sphere was indeed very special.
Because Luo Zheng didn't try to analyze the structure of the spatial sphere, the irregular heavy sword was actually a "blind guess" attack.
Luo Zheng's powerful sword ray could only cause a small amount of damage to the sphere.
But it was enough … After the first slash, the sphere cracked open.
After the second slash, the crack expanded.
After the third slash, the bottom of the sphere was covered with spiderweb-like cracks … the fourth slash … the fifth slash.
"Pata!"
The sphere could no longer withstand Luo Zheng's sword ray and completely shattered from the bottom to the top.
But at this moment, the golden coordinate turned pure black.
Luo Zheng had already slashed again. "Shatter …" Without the protection of the sphere, the coordinate would definitely shatter under this slash, and the Snake Spirit King would completely disappear.
"Is it over?"
"Damn the Snake Spirit King, this day finally came!"
"What's wrong with its coordinate? Why did it turn pitch-black?
Will there be any changes? "
The human spirits, monkey masters, and bird masters stared at the rapidly rising sword ray, their hearts filled with excitement and nervousness.
Just as the sword ray was about to reach the coordinate, a black blade suddenly emerged from the coordinate.
"Whoosh!"
The blade and the sword ray collided, producing a metallic sound. The black blade actually directly destroyed the sword ray! Then a black snake slowly emerged from the black coordinate. It was the Snake Spirit King.
Compared to its previous huge snake body, the current Snake Spirit King seemed to have shrunk many times. It was only slightly larger than the Bifid Serpent, but its body had changed greatly.
Its body had turned pure black, and at the same time, black mantis-like blades extended from both sides of its body. At the end of its tail, a trident-like stinger grew.
"King!"
"King didn't die!"
"Great!"
The snake masters and snake spirits were already extremely pessimistic. The Snake Spirit King couldn't be resurrected, and the Bifid Serpent was instantly killed by Luo Zheng. Their fate was self-evident.
They didn't expect that their king would appear again and easily resolve Luo Zheng's slash! How could they not be excited?
"What is that …" "The Snake Spirit King changed its form!"
"What a strong sense of oppression!"
The faces of the people on the Earth Altar darkened.
The short and capable Snake Spirit King was like a leaf. It slowly floated down from the air and stood opposite Luo Zheng.
"Hiss …" The Spirit Snake King spat out its tongue.
The originally reddish-gold snake eyes were now filled with intense hatred and … a hint of pleasure.
"It seems that I have to thank you for giving me such power," the Spirit Snake King said.
The Spirit Snake King felt stronger than ever.
This kind of power was indescribable … It had obtained power that surpassed the world of this grid, and even the Main Realm. This kind of power should only be obtained in the deep space, but now the Snake Spirit King had obtained this kind of power! The Spirit Snake King was even a little dissatisfied with Hei Guang.
Since Black Light already possessed this kind of power, why didn't he just bestow it to himself?
"This power isn't yours," Luo Zheng asked.
With Luo Zheng's current keen senses, he could naturally sense that the Spirit Snake King was many times stronger than before. That indescribable sense of oppression made Luo Zheng feel a sense of crisis.
The irregular epee in Luo Zheng's hand trembled slightly. Of course, it was not fear, but excitement … As an existence in the fifth grid world, it had been baptized by this kind of power. It had lost to this kind of power, but it had also won against it. In countless confrontations with this kind of power, the irregular epee had won the final victory.
It had won, but the entire deep space had lost.
Now that it was facing this familiar aura again, how could it not be excited?
"It doesn't matter whether this power belongs to me or not. What matters is that you will …" The Spirit Snake King raised its black blade as it spoke. Its figure suddenly disappeared, turning into a black shadow that approached Luo Zheng. "Die!"
"Whoosh, whoosh!"
Two black blades slashed toward Luo Zheng, one from the left and one from the right.
"This speed …" Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly widened.
The Spirit Snake King's speed was so fast that he could not see it clearly?
How was this possible?
With Luo Zheng's current reaction speed, he could take on any attack no matter how fast it was.
However, the Spirit Snake King's speed at this moment could no longer be described as "fast". It had reached the result of a fatal attack.
"Dang, dang, dang, dang, dang …" But at this moment, the irregular epee began to move.
This sword seemed to disappear from Luo Zheng's hand, constantly resisting the Spirit Snake King's attacks.
Luo Zheng himself did not move, but his hand was pulled by the irregular epee.
Therefore, in the eyes of others, and even in the eyes of Luo Zheng, it was a very strange scene.
Luo Zheng's right hand and the irregular epee disappeared, and the Spirit Snake King disappeared completely.
The onlookers could only see faint black shadows intertwining with each other, and at the same time, there was a burst of crisp sounds of metal clashing. At this moment, the two sides had exchanged blows countless times! "What a fast speed!"
Fuxi was surprised.
Nuwa stared at Luo Zheng with a trace of worry in her eyes. "The situation is not right. Luo Zheng seems to be at a loss!"
"I can see that …" The Lord of Heaven nodded.
"Senior Cang Jiao, what's going on?
Have you seen the Spirit Snake King in this form? "
Nuwa asked.
Cang Jiao watched this scene with a trace of seriousness in his eyes. "I have seen the power of the Spirit Snake King once in the deep space …" The Four Spirit Gates were very keen on exploring the deep space.
After all, the Origin Divine Blood and Holy Pillars of the Four Spirit Gates came from the deep space, where there were too many incredible inheritances.
As the personal servant of Ku Shu, Cang Jiao was lucky enough to enter the deep space.
"Although the place I went with Lord Ku Shu to was the outermost area of the deep space, it was also very dangerous. We once met a kind of black locust beast with a pair of blades. The aura they emitted was very similar to that of the Spirit Snake King now …" Cang Jiao said.
"The power of the deep space?"
The Lord of Heaven said, "That is to say, the power of the Spirit Snake King is at a higher level than that of the Main World?"
Cang Jiao nodded. "Very likely!"
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others could not help but gasp.
They had heard the conversation between Luo Zheng and the Spirit Snake King clearly.
The power of the Spirit Snake King was given.
Then who could have given it power?
Was it a powerful existence from the deep space?
Originally, everyone thought that everything would be over after killing the Spirit Snake King, but now they suddenly realized that they were too naive.
"Clang, clang, clang, clang …" Dense crisp sounds constantly came from Luo Zheng's side.
The irregular heavy sword dragged Luo Zheng's hand and constantly resisted the attacks of the Spirit Snake King. When the Spirit Snake King attacked from a tricky angle, Luo Zheng was even dragged by the irregular heavy sword and almost fell to the ground … But in any case, Luo Zheng tightly held the sword hilt and did not dare to let go.
Although this sword was incredibly powerful, it relied heavily on the energy of the Origin Divine Blood.
Once the irregular heavy sword was let go, facing the powerful attacks of the Spirit Snake King, its energy would be exhausted in three to five breaths. At that time, Luo Zheng would probably be cut into pieces by the Spirit Snake King in an instant.

Chapter 3798
In the face of an attack that he could not see clearly, Luo Zheng's face turned pale.
Even though the irregular heavy sword temporarily protected him, he knew very well what it meant to be passively blocked like this.
"How did he do it …" Luo Zheng grasped the irregular heavy sword and asked the Origin Blood. "The Snake King's body movement is very special. He seems to be moving in a way that I can't understand. I can't predict …" In the Chaotic World, there were only two ways to move. One was to move at an explosive speed, and the other was to move at a very high speed through space.
Any body movement and any space magic were born from these two ways. The difference was that the techniques were different.
But the Snake King's movement method was not one of them.
Luo Zheng tried to use his Divine Sense to capture the Snake King's trajectory. A moment ago, Luo Zheng felt that it was going to attack him head-on, but the next moment, it suddenly appeared behind him. He clearly felt that the black blade was going to pierce his head, but the next moment, it appeared above his head.
The Snake King seemed to exist in a special space. All of its attacks were random. This randomness had infinite probability and was unpredictable.
"But your sword can predict," the Origin Blood replied.
"My sword …" Luo Zheng glanced at the irregular heavy sword.
At this moment, the irregular heavy sword still transmitted a strong fighting spirit to him.
This sword seemed to have fallen into a state of madness, desperately chasing after the Snake King.
Just as Luo Zheng was hesitating, Cang Jiao, who was standing at the top of the altar, suddenly took two steps forward.
"Senior Cang Jiao, what are you doing?"
Nuwa asked.
"I want to remind him," Cang Jiao replied. "Lord Ku Shu once said that the strength of this sword is equal to that of its owner …" "What do you mean?"
Yuanshi Tianzun also asked.
"The stronger the sword wielder is, the more powerful the sword is," Cang Jiao recalled and said. "Lord Ku Shu once regretted several times that he couldn't exert the full strength of this sword."
"Lord Ku Shu doesn't understand this sword?
He can't exert its strength? "
Nuwa found it hard to believe.
"On the contrary, Lord Ku Shu knows this sword very well. He said that he and the sword have become one, but his strength is not worthy of this sword," Cang Jiao replied.
Hearing this, Nuwa's eyes lit up. "Master Ku Shu's power is not worthy of this sword. What about the power of the Origin God Blood?"
Cang Jiao smiled and said, "Lord Ku Shu tried before, but he was unable to control the Origin God Blood."
"But Luo Zheng controlled it!"
Nuwa replied.
"Yes." Cang Jiao nodded. "But he didn't completely control the sword."
Luo Zheng could only communicate with the irregular epee and passively supply it with energy. As for what the irregular epee wanted to do, Luo Zheng had no control over it.
Therefore, Luo Zheng could not keep up with the rhythm of this sword. He was dragged along by this sword, which was almost equivalent to a burden.
"What do we do now?"
Nuwa asked with a frown.
"Remind him!"
Cang Jiao took a few steps forward and stood on the edge of the stairs on the top of the Earth Altar. He said loudly, "Luo Zheng, although Master Ku Shu's sword recognizes you, you haven't really controlled it yet!"
Luo Zheng was still thinking hard. Hearing Cang Jiao's words, he was a little surprised and asked, "Control this sword?
I've already connected with this sword. How can I control it? "
When Cang Jiao was about to answer, the voice of the Snake Spirit King suddenly came from the side. "Shut up!"
Then the black blade swept towards Cang Jiao.
"Swish swish swish …" The black blade cut hundreds of times in an instant. Cang Jiao, who was standing on the edge of the stairs, was instantly cut into countless white slices! Cang Jiao was thousands of feet away from Luo Zheng, but the Snake Spirit King cut him into thin slices in an instant and returned to Luo Zheng's side in an instant.
This moving speed was terrifying.
Even Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others standing behind couldn't help but take a few steps back.
However, Gong Gong stood still with his hands behind his back.
With their strength, it was impossible for them to avoid the black blade. If the Snake Spirit King wanted to kill them, it would be meaningless no matter where they retreated, so he simply acted calmly.
After all, Cang Jiao had a strange body.
After the countless white slices merged with each other and quickly returned to their original shape, he continued, "It's not what you think. Luo Zheng, you can treat this irregular heavy sword as an ancient cultivation method. If you really want to understand it …" "Ancient cultivation method, understand …" After hearing Cang Jiao's words, Luo Zheng's heart slightly moved. Perhaps he had underestimated this sword. After all, the Snake Spirit King was so eager to get this sword.
Now, the irregular heavy sword could still protect him, so he simply injected his spirit sense into the sword.
"Whoosh …" As soon as his spirit sense entered the sword, he saw a red ball of light.
There were one hundred and forty dots of light scattered around this ball of light, and these dots of light extended into a dense network of thin lines. The number of thin lines numbered in the millions, and it was impossible to count them … But Luo Zheng quickly discovered that after the energy of the Origin God's Blood was injected into the irregular heavy sword, the energy would flow towards the dots of light according to the different thin lines.
Some of the light spots became extremely bright after receiving the energy, while others dimmed.
140 light spots … 140 … Luo Zheng thought about this number in his heart. His eyes suddenly lit up, and he immediately understood.
"These are all the types of energy in the deep space!"
The Origin Blood had told Luo Zheng that the sixth grid world had 86 types of energy, and the fifth grid world had 140 types of energy. The irregular heavy sword came from the deep space, and it was the Starry World that the Origin Blood had mentioned! This sword transformed the energy of the fourth grid world into the energy of the fifth grid world.
"Since the irregular heavy sword can use the energy of the fifth grid world, then I can use it too," Luo Zheng thought.
Since he had obtained this sword, he had only communicated with the irregular heavy sword on an emotional level. Although the irregular heavy sword accepted Luo Zheng, it still recognized the bitter tree as its true master.
Luo Zheng also thought so. After all, this was a borrowed sword, and he would eventually have to return it to the Human Spirit King.
But now, Luo Zheng realized that if he wanted to defeat the Snake Spirit King and the existence behind the Snake Spirit King, he needed to understand this sword better and control it! Just like what Cang Jiao had said, he wanted to use this sword as an ancient cultivation technique to comprehend it …
Luo Zheng's divine sense poured into the red light spot in the middle. When it came into contact with the red light spot, a feeling of resistance quickly attacked him.
The irregular heavy sword was unwilling to accept him.
"I know you miss your former master."
"But only I can bring you to the extreme. You should know what kind of power I have."
"If you want the bitter tree to come back to life, there is only one way, and that is to defeat the opponent in front of you!"
"Accept me!"
Luo Zheng kept persuading it through his divine sense.
Gradually, the feeling of resistance became weaker and weaker.
Finally, his divine sense smoothly merged into the red light spot.
"Boom!"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's mind felt as if it had been hit by a heavy hammer. A huge amount of information gathered. It was an almost infinite arrangement of 140 light spots.
At the same time … Luo Zheng quickly understood the energy used by the Snake Spirit King and the irregular heavy sword. He even understood a strange name from it.
"Probability Extreme State!"
"Swoosh …" Then, traces of black energy flowed from the irregular heavy sword into Luo Zheng's body.

Chapter 3799
The Spirit Snake King was also confused about Luo Zheng's current state.
Its opponent had changed from Luo Zheng to this sword, and Luo Zheng had become a burden.
This was good news for the Spirit Snake King, as it meant that Luo Zheng was no match for it.
However, this irregular heavy sword was so fierce that it could keep up with its speed and neutralize its attacks.
The Spirit Snake King was getting impatient after a long time of failure.
When it saw Luo Zheng's body turning black, its eyes turned serious.
If a sword was so difficult to deal with, wouldn't it be more troublesome if the man and the sword came together?
With this thought, its attacks became even fiercer! The two black blades slashed out tens of thousands of times in a breath.
In other people's eyes, the Spirit Snake King didn't exist, nor did the black blades or the irregular heavy sword. Even Luo Zheng's hand holding the irregular heavy sword was faintly discernible.
The tens of thousands of slashes were blocked by the irregular heavy sword, and the sound was even louder and more ear-piercing, as if someone was sharpening a sword on marble.
"Hiss …" The weakest people present were all in the Immortal Realm. If they heard this sound, they would probably go crazy.
Under such fierce attacks, the irregular heavy sword finally couldn't withstand all the attacks of the Spirit Snake King.
"Whoosh …" One of the ten thousand slashes missed.
The black blade slashed hard on Luo Zheng's black heavy armor.
"Crack!"
A thin crack appeared on the waist of the black heavy armor. The crack went straight through the inner layer and cut through Luo Zheng's waist, all the way to Luo Zheng's back! "Luo Zheng was hit!"
"That sword … can't hold on anymore?"
"Luo Zheng seems to be in some kind of state and can't wake up …" "It's useless even if he wakes up, he can't dodge this attack!"
Everyone on the Earth Altar was talking about it.
Especially the Spirits of the Black Mansion, Yue Mansion, and Guang Mansion were the most nervous.
They didn't expect that the final winner would be a human, and they, as Spirits of the Spirit Snake King, could only watch.
In the next breath, the Spirit Snake King slashed out tens of thousands of times again.
Blindly defending was tantamount to a slow death. The irregular heavy sword missed two of the ten thousand slashes! "Crack, crack!"
This time it was Luo Zheng's right shoulder.
The wound was one and a half feet long, almost splitting half of Luo Zheng's body.
Had it been any other Immortal Realm expert, they would have been sliced into two pieces. However, his body had been strengthened by the Origin Divine Blood and was extremely tough. Moreover, Luo Zheng felt almost no pain.
"Buzz …" The Origin God's Blood also began to move.
Green energy gushed out from the wound, crazily repairing Luo Zheng's body.
This kind of rich life force had an extremely strong restorative ability. It could even bring the dead back to life. However, it was a big project to restore Luo Zheng's strong body, so the restoration speed was naturally much slower.
In the third breath … another ten thousand slashes.
The irregular heavy sword withstood nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-eight slashes, but missed two more.
"Crack, crack!"
These two sabers slashed Luo Zheng's chest. After breaking through the black heavy armor, they directly cut through the ribs in front of his chest. Luo Zheng's heart was pierced through.
The fourth breath … Ten thousand slashes … The breathing of everyone on the altar quickened.
"What should we do? What to do! That sword can't defend against the Spirit Snake King's attacks! "
"Luo Zheng is going to be dismembered!"
"If he keeps getting slashed like this, he will definitely die!"
"Should we go and help?"
The General of Black suggested.
Shen Chengang shook his head and smiled bitterly. "How can we help?"
They couldn't even see the Spirit Snake King's figure … In theory, Luo Zheng should be fighting against an invisible being. However, the Spirit Snake King was too fast, and it had already become a 'non-existence'.
Who could attack an opponent that didn't exist?
Although the General of Black suggested this, Da Gu, Kong Gu, and the other monkey lords had already charged down.
However, before they could leave the altar, each monkey lord was hit by hundreds of slashes. Their Treacherous Body was sliced into half-inch thick slices that fluttered in the wind. The scene was quite spectacular … This was no longer a ghostly attack. This was an attack that they couldn't understand.
While the Spirit Snake King was slicing the monkey lords, most of its focus was still on Luo Zheng. It was distracted for a moment, so it wasn't able to break through the defense of the irregular heavy sword.
However, in the next breath, it was another ten thousand slashes … The black heavy armor was sliced into pieces. The wounds on Luo Zheng's body increased. Most of the wounds were ghastly and almost fatal.
While Luo Zheng was being cut, the black energy continued to crawl all over his body.
"Die for me!"
The speed of the Spirit Snake King's black blade increased again.
This time, the Spirit Snake King was almost pushing itself to its limit. The ten thousand slashes became extremely tricky.
"Bzzt bzzt bzzt …" The irregular heavy sword missed hundreds of slashes amidst the resounding and sharp sounds of metal clashing.
If these hundreds of slashes landed on Luo Zheng's body, it would be enough to slice him into pieces.
However, before this breath, Luo Zheng opened his eyes. He saw a cloud with a trace of confusion.
It was a large black cloud.
It covered an area of about twenty miles, including the Earth Altar and the area in front of it.
The moment Luo Zheng saw this cloud, he immediately understood.
He could appear in any area of this cloud … whether it was the front position or the back position, whether it was the edge of the black cloud or the center of the black cloud, he could appear directly, and he could appear at the same time! This was a very strange feeling.
There seemed to be no concept of space-time in this cloud, or it could be said that this space-time was very special.
He could appear in one place at the same time, or in many places at the same time. This kind of appearance didn't mean that there were more than a few copies. Each copy was himself … He could appear in many places, and he could also disappear directly! In the remaining half a breath, Luo Zheng clearly saw the ten positions of the Spirit Snake King, and the hundreds of slashes from these ten positions were missed by the irregular heavy sword.
Tricky, vicious, and every slash was fatal.
After Luo Zheng comprehended the probability extreme state, he could move in this cloud like the Spirit Snake King, so Luo Zheng suddenly disappeared from everyone's sight.
Then, his figure kept retreating.
Obviously, there was only one person, but he retreated more than ten times in different directions, and each retreat corresponded to an attack from the Spirit Snake King.
The hundreds of slashes from the black blade were all easily avoided by Luo Zheng! After pulling away, the two stopped for the first time, and their figures appeared in everyone's eyes.
Although Luo Zheng's body was still broken and the Origin Divine Blood was desperately repairing it, he still had a smile on his face. "You made this cloud?
It's very special. I seem to be able to move freely in it. "
The Spirit Snake King's face became ugly.

Chapter 3800
Without saying a word, the Spirit Snake King swam into the black cloud and attacked Luo Zheng again.
Luo Zheng was seriously injured, and his body was in tatters.
It wanted to kill Luo Zheng before he could recover! The moment the Spirit Snake King activated its extreme probability state, thousands of Spirit Snake Kings appeared in front of Luo Zheng. These Spirit Snake Kings were densely stacked together, but they didn't interfere with each other.
"Whoosh …" The overlapping Spirit Snake Kings waved their black blades and attacked Luo Zheng.
If it was before, Luo Zheng wouldn't have been able to see the Spirit Snake King's attack pattern, but at this moment, he could see it clearly.
Nearly 2,000 black blades slashed toward Luo Zheng, but before these blades touched Luo Zheng, he disappeared.
The next moment, Luo Zheng's figure appeared on the edge of the black cloud.
Similarly, there wasn't just one figure, but a thousand.
A thousand Luo Zheng were evenly distributed on the edge of the black cloud, forming a circle.
"The largest number in this black cloud is a thousand?"
"It seems that I can't break through … You can't either."
A thousand Luo Zheng said at the same time.
"Cut the crap!"
The Spirit Snake King flew into a rage out of humiliation.
It also spread out a thousand of itself, and each Spirit Snake King corresponded to a Luo Zheng.
The black blades slashed down … "Swoosh!"
Luo Zheng didn't take it head-on.
He disappeared again … In this black cloud, all movements had probabilistic characteristics and couldn't be predicted.
Although the Spirit Snake King also had the extreme probability state, it still couldn't predict Luo Zheng's movements. Thousands of Spirit Snake Kings slashed down at the same time, naturally, they missed.
The next moment, Luo Zheng appeared in the center of the black cloud again. He could now freely summon and release a thousand of himself and one of himself.
After activating the extreme probability state at the same time, the two once again fell into a tug-of-war.
The people on the Earth Altar and the Spirit Snakes under the Earth Altar were even more confused.
Although they couldn't see the Spirit Snake King before, the Spirit Snake King's storm-like attacks could still make ear-piercing sounds. This was a way to prove its strength in battle.
Now, Luo Zheng and the Snake Spirit King had disappeared without a sound. Their fighting style was beyond their comprehension.
"They … Could it be that they're fighting somewhere else?"
"Even his aura has disappeared. How strange!"
"Luo Zheng seems to have comprehended the same movement. Don't worry, I believe he can win!"
After both sides had lost their backbone, the atmosphere calmed down slightly.
Only then did Shen Chengang, the Black Manor General, and the other human spirits climb up the Earth Altar and come to Cang Jiao.
"I am Shen Chengang. Greetings, Elder Cang!"
"I am Black …" Although Cang Jiao was an old servant of Ku Shu, his position in the Human Spirit Sect was not low at all. Sometimes, he could even replace the Human Spirit King to take charge of the situation.
Previously, when the human spirits of the three mansions discovered Cang Jiao, they were all very excited. However, they were trapped in the space and could not come up to greet him.
Cang Jiao looked around at the human spirits and sighed. "You're the only human spirits left in this world?"
"Apart from us, there are two hundred world builders," Shen Chengang replied.
Although the world builders were the pioneers of the Human Spirit Sect, their positions were not high and they were not core figures.
"Is there no one else?"
Cang Jiao asked again.
"No," Shen Chengang said with certainty.
The three mansions had stayed in the Paramita Realm for a long time. Although they had always been under the orders of the Snake Spirit Sect, they had been secretly investigating in secret. At present, it seemed that there were no other human spirits.
"Sigh …" Cang Jiao sighed again.
Shen Chengang thought for a moment and asked, "Elder Cang, are you trying to find the elders of the Great Guessing Manor?"
"Yes." Cang Jiao nodded.
In the Human Spirit Sect, the Great Guessing Manor was on par with the Manor of Shifang, but its role was much more important.
The Manor of Shifang gathered the elites of the entire Human Spirit Sect. For example, the famous Manor Master of Shifang's strength was second only to Ku Shu. However, the reason why the elites of the Manor of Shifang were so strong was almost all thanks to the Great Guessing Manor.
The strongest Human Spirit Sect would enter the Manor of Shifang, but the strong and smart people would definitely enter the Great Guessing Manor.
Ku Shu was trapped, so Cang Jiao placed most of his hopes on the Great Guessing Manor. Only they had a slight chance of rescuing Lord Ku Shu.
However, the final outcome was beyond Cang Jiao's expectations.
The young man who came to rescue Ku Shu was not from the Great Guessing Manor, nor was he from the Manor of Shifang. He was not even a Human Spirit, but a human. He found it unbelievable.
"Sigh, according to our speculations, the Great Guessing Manor has probably been completely annihilated." Shen Chengang also sighed.
After all, they had not been able to find any trace of them for so many years.
Unless they were dead, how could they hide for so long?
"However, there is finally hope now. This human called Luo Zheng actually confronted the Snake Spirit King directly. If Lord Ku Shu knew about this, he would be very pleased." A smile appeared on Cang Jiao's face.
Although Luo Zheng did not defeat the Snake Spirit King, he did rescue the Human Spirit Sect from a hopeless situation.
"I hope he can win," Shen Chengang said.
This battle was too important for them.
After the Snake Spirit King and Luo Zheng disappeared for nearly half an incense stick's worth of time, a crisp "whoosh" sounded in everyone's ears.
"They're fighting again?"
Everyone shivered. Their eyes and Divine Sense swept around, and they found the two figures in the open space in front of the Earth Altar.
The Snake Spirit King's two black blades pressed down, while Luo Zheng held the irregular heavy sword above his head. He said with a smile, "After chasing for so long, it's my turn now?"
The Origin Divine Blood had completely repaired his physical body, and now it was time to fight back.
As soon as his voice fell … the man and the snake disappeared from everyone's sight again.
The continuous sound of metal rubbing against each other appeared again.
"Luo Zheng's injuries have healed!"
"Now he's fighting back?"
"Even with a serious injury, he can still avoid all the attacks of the Snake Spirit King. Luo Zheng's current state … is so strong!"
Everyone present was intelligent, and they could see any subtle changes in the situation at a glance.
In this black cloud … the figures of Luo Zheng and the Snake Spirit King were constantly flashing.
The speed of the two was neither fast nor slow. The speed in the eyes of ordinary people didn't exist in this cloud.
Swathes of "Luo Zheng" approached swathes of "Spirit Snake King".
Each of Luo Zheng's movements was different. The irregular heavy sword chopped, stabbed, and turned … The Snake Spirit King's two blades blocked the sword, defended, and counterattacked crazily … In a breath's time, they fought back and forth tens of thousands of times! "So what if you've comprehended the probability extreme state?
In the end, it's only a draw. What can you do to me? "
The Snake Spirit King said.
Luo Zheng's face was calm with a faint smile. "The one behind you only gave you the probability extreme state?"
"What do you mean?"
The Snake Spirit King didn't know why Luo Zheng asked this question, but he had a bad feeling in his heart.
"The supernatural power from the fifth grid world is extraordinary, but it's a pity that there's only one probability extreme state …" Luo Zheng said as he held the hilt with one hand and the blade with the other. Energy rushed out from the irregular heavy sword again.

Chapter 3801
Wisps of light green flames escaped from the irregular heavy sword.
These green flames were like a viscous liquid, slowly climbing up Luo Zheng's arm and forming a green head.
The head looked terrifying, like an evil spirit crawling out of hell. It had horns on its head and fire coming out of its mouth! "Hua!"
The evil spirit's head opened its mouth and spat out a green flame, igniting the irregular heavy sword.
Luo Zheng looked at the Snake Spirit King through the green flame and said, "In theory, the extreme probabilistic state is unsolvable in the clouds … If we continue fighting like this, neither of us will be able to do anything to the other, because no one can kill an opponent with unlimited speed!
Of course, maintaining the extreme probabilistic state requires energy. I can exhaust you bit by bit in this cloud, but I have a better choice. "
Luo Zheng disappeared as soon as he finished speaking.
He disappeared and reappeared at the same time.
Under unlimited speed, space and distance lost their meaning.
Therefore, although he and the Snake Spirit King were separated by some distance, they could be seen as overlapping each other! "Hua!"
The irregular heavy sword chopped down at the Snake Spirit King's head.
But the Snake Spirit King's figure disappeared, so this attack was naturally useless.
"Although I don't know what this flame is for, it can't burn me no matter how powerful it is. You, you …" The Snake Spirit King stopped halfway through its words.
It saw a hole with a diameter of several hundred feet appear in the black cloud.
This green flame directly burned a part of the black cloud.
Luo Zheng turned to look at the Snake Spirit King, still with a faint smile on his face.
"Although the extreme probabilistic state is strong, there is a way to restrain it.
The way to restrain it is called … "" The extreme probabilistic state. "
The irregular heavy sword could only communicate with emotions, and the meaning it expressed could be understood but not expressed in words.
But when Luo Zheng obtained this ability, he naturally interpreted these words.
"Hua!"
Luo Zheng began to wave the irregular heavy sword in the black cloud.
The green flame spread everywhere.
The black cloud was like a huge curtain, and when burned by the green flame, a big hole would appear.
How fast was Luo Zheng's speed?
In an instant, he could create thousands of bodies and wave thousands of swords.
Thousands of green flames drew a big hole tens of thousands of feet wide in the black cloud! "Stop!"
The Snake Spirit King roared hysterically.
Then, it pounced on Luo Zheng again, trying to stop Luo Zheng from burning the black cloud.
But in terms of speed, Luo Zheng was comparable to the Spirit Snake King. As long as Luo Zheng kept dodging, the Spirit Snake King could do nothing to him.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …" The irregular heavy sword in Luo Zheng's hand was now like a poker, fanning the flames everywhere.
A huge hole began to expand from the center of the black cloud at an extraordinarily fast speed.
After about an incense stick worth of time, this hole had already occupied two-thirds of the black cloud. After another half an incense stick worth of time, the black cloud that was twenty miles long and wide had basically disappeared, leaving only a few corners.
The black clouds at the corners were not connected to each other, but the Spirit Snake King could still move back and forth among them.
Now, the Spirit Snake King was as anxious as an ant on a hot pan, but what was the use of being anxious?
Soon, the black clouds at the corners were only about ten feet wide, and the Spirit Snake King was trapped in them.
At this time, Luo Zheng had already escaped from the black cloud, and the people on the altar could naturally see Luo Zheng's figure.
"Why is there only Luo Zheng?"
"Where's the Spirit Snake King?"
"What does he want to do?"
"The flame on the sword is so strange, it flows like liquid …" They watched as Luo Zheng floated in one direction, raised the irregular heavy sword, and swung it hard.
"Whoosh!"
The green flames burned the last part of the black cloud that the Spirit Snake King was hiding in.
The Spirit Snake King stumbled out of the black cloud.
"Hiss —" The Spirit Snake King spat out its tongue, looking angry.
The two black blades created a series of black flowers, slashing toward Luo Zheng's head.
After losing the black cloud, the probability extreme state lost its meaning, and the Spirit Snake King's speed returned to normal.
"Clang, clang, clang …" Luo Zheng easily blocked it.
Every time he blocked, the green flames would spread a little toward the black blade.
By the time the Spirit Snake King's attack was over, the green flames had quietly spread all over its body.
The flames released by the extreme state of Xin Huo didn't cause any burning pain, at least the Spirit Snake King couldn't feel it. So when the attack ended, it found itself shrouded in flames.
Luo Zheng, on the other hand, stood in the distance with a faint smile on his face.
"Damn it …" Just as the Spirit Snake King was about to recklessly rush up again, the green flames burst out and burned fiercely.
The flames didn't have any heat, but they had amazing destructive power.
Even the Spirit Snake King's body was burned little by little … "Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …" The Spirit Snake King's body was like a ball of ignited kerosene, and as the flames continued to burn, its body began to collapse and shrink.
In less than ten breaths of time, the Spirit Snake King was burned alive.
So far, there were only two ways for the Spirit Snake King to die in the Nirvana Realm. The first was to be killed by the Light of Destruction, the second was to be completely eroded by the Void Dust. The Spirit Snake King's death now belonged to the third way, which was unprecedented.
"The Spirit Snake King lost again!"
"It was burned alive!"
"Luo Zheng's flames can burn a Spirit Snake to death?"
At this moment, all the Spirits Snake King, Bird King, and Monkey King felt a chill run down their spines.
After all, as Spirits, they had the privilege of being immortal. Suddenly, there was another way to break this privilege, and they instinctively felt a sense of crisis in their hearts.
"Is it over?"
Someone asked.
"No, the Spirit Snake King's coordinates are still there …" someone replied.
Everyone's eyes converged on the sky again.
The Spirit Snake King's pitch-black coordinates were still fixed there.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed, and he was already high in the sky, holding the irregular heavy sword and slashing at the black coordinates without hesitation.
Without the protection of the Ethereal Sphere, the black coordinates naturally could not avoid Luo Zheng's attack.
But just as Luo Zheng swung his sword, a mass of black light suddenly lit up from the coordinates. This black light spread like a black hole, and at the same time, a pitch-black fist stretched out from the black hole and slammed into the irregular heavy sword.
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng felt an irresistible force transmitted from the irregular heavy sword, and then his whole body flew backward at a terrifying speed.
"Buzz! Buzz! Buzz … "In the process of flying backward, Luo Zheng kept using Space Moving. He repeatedly shuttled back and forth within a distance of 200 feet, and only stopped after shuttling back and forth hundreds of times.
In the face of the fist that suddenly appeared, Luo Zheng was not surprised. He looked at the black hole with a calm gaze. "The Spirit Snake King's power was given by you. Are you the real culprit behind the destruction of the Four Spirits Sect?"

Chapter 3802
A black fist slowly came out of the black hole.
It was followed by a head, shoulders, torso, and legs … This was something that looked like a human. Its head was cylindrical, and there were six pairs of hollowed out depressions that emitted a faint light. For the time being, they could be considered eyes.
Its hands and feet were longer than a human's, and they looked like sticks.
When it came out of the black hole, an invisible pressure was released.
This pressure was not soul pressure, but everyone present felt that it was extremely dangerous.
When Nuwa, Yuanshi Tianzun, and the others saw this black existence, their eyelids twitched, and even the blood in their bodies froze.
In fact, when they saw the black light in the Ethereal Sphere, they guessed that the Spirit Snake King had a backup plan.
However, when this "backup plan" appeared so openly, they could not hide their surprise.
When they heard Luo Zheng's question, they were even more shocked.
The invincible Four Spirit Gates had been destroyed by this guy?
The human spirits were even more excited.
They missed the past when the Four Spirit Gates were prosperous, but at the same time, they had been hiding deep doubts in their hearts.
Facing so many powerful existences and natural enemies of the Main Realm, the Four Spirit Gates had survived, so why had they been defeated in the end?
Even if the Spirit Snake King had done everything, it was impossible for it to counter the other three Spirit Gates … Now, they understood that there was something else behind the Spirit Snake King, and this thing's strength was probably far beyond their expectations.
"Then who is it … Why did it destroy our Four Spirit Gates!"
"What good would it do to destroy the Four Spirit Gates and the Main Realm …" Cang Jiao's body trembled slightly. He really could not understand why the Four Spirit Gates had to be destroyed.
Now, it was not only the monkey master, the bird master, and the human spirits who were curious.
Even the snake masters who were eagerly waiting were also puzzled.
Why had such a thing suddenly appeared?
Where was their king?
These snake masters were not stupid.
The Spirit Snake King's power must have come from this humanoid.
Its goal was to destroy the Four Spirit Gates?
Didn't the Spirit Snake King want them to dominate the Main Realm?
"Hehehehe …" The black humanoid let out a strange laugh.
The six pairs of eyes on the face stared at Luo Zheng and the irregular heavy sword in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Answer me!"
Luo Zheng's voice grew louder, steady and full of explosive power.
"Since you asked so sincerely, I can only be merciful and tell you," the humanoid said slowly. "Yes."
"You, you, why did you do this?!"
A voice rang out.
The one who spoke was a woman from the Music House.
The woman was too angry and couldn't help but ask.
She asked the question in everyone's mind.
The humanoid lowered its head and looked down. One of the six pairs of compound eyes flickered slightly.
Luo Zheng's eyebrows twitched. He lifted the irregular heavy sword and plunged downwards. It seemed as if he wanted to slay something, but he was still a bit too slow and missed.
Then, the woman's screams could be heard from below.
"Ahhhhh …" Pain was a way for living creatures to protect themselves.
The Treacherous Body was tough and powerful. It was almost impossible to inflict severe pain on it. Even if the Treacherous Body was destroyed by the Light of Destruction, it wouldn't have let out such a shrill scream.
The woman's body began to boil, as if some kind of gas was spreading from her body. White bubbles kept bursting out of her body. After a few breaths, she was no longer in shape and finally turned into a ball of white mud … "Wu Xin!"
"What happened to you …" "Why did this happen?!"
The human spirits were shocked.
They couldn't understand why she would die in such pain! "Crack …" Then, everyone heard an explosion behind them.
A set of coordinates in the center of the Earth Altar burst into a dazzling golden light. This set of coordinates was burning fiercely and rapidly disintegrating! "Wu Xin's coordinates!"
Everyone's expressions turned even uglier. The disintegration of the coordinates meant that she was completely dead.
"Such a weak existence doesn't deserve an answer." The humanoid's voice rang out in the sky again. "I want to destroy you. What does it have to do with you?"
In the humanoid's eyes, the Four Spirits Sect was no different from ants.
This was a contempt that came from a higher level of existence.
Luo Zheng's face was gloomy, and he asked again, "You … are a demoter?"
After the Origin Divine Blood recovered from its muddle-headed state, the first thing it wanted to do was to find a demoter. Luo Zheng was helping it confirm this.
"Yes," the humanoid answered honestly.
"You really did lie to the Snake Spirit King. The so-called promotion and restoration of the entire Main Realm is a lie, right?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"Hahaha … Of course," the humanoid continued.
Hearing the humanoid's words, the Snake Spirit Kings froze on the spot.
The Snake Spirit King had always vowed to bring them back to the Main Realm and restore them to their former state. After all, the fourth grid world was the home of the Snake Spirit Kings. It was a world where they could live like fish in water.
The third grid world was too narrow and monotonous for them. It was like a normal person who had lost their eyes and lived in a world of darkness.
The Snake Spirit Kings were just confused, but now they understood that they had been led to a path of no return by the Snake Spirit King.
"Hiss …" "Black light! How dare you lie to me! "
The Snake Spirit King, who was hiding in the black coordinates, suddenly poked its head out and angrily swung its two black blades at the humanoid.
When it killed Taishang Laojun, the Snake Spirit King already had doubts.
However, it had no choice. It could only follow this path to the end and silently pray that this was not the truth.
However, when Black Light said it personally, the Snake Spirit King was still dominated by anger.
It could not wait to tear this liar into pieces! Before the Snake Spirit King's blades could get close to the humanoid, the pair of black blades had already shattered into pieces. Even the Snake Spirit King's black snake body was broken into pieces and returned to the coordinates … "In the Starry Realm, I destroyed the Yang and Dan Clans, who were a hundred times stronger than you …" "In the Infinite Realm, I deceived the insufferably arrogant Sheng Ming, who was an existence ten thousand times stronger than you …" "In the Infinite Realm of Gods, those infinite spirits who did not obey me were banished into time and decayed one by one. They only need a millionth of their power to turn you into Xu You …" "In the Infinite Realm of Minds, I am an existence that you can't even imagine for thousands of years …" The humanoid's six pairs of compound eyes glowed faintly.
That feeling of contempt filled almost everyone's heart.
It was a feeling of being high and mighty. It was not looking down on all living beings, because all living beings had never entered its eyes.
"What do you think the Four Spirit Gates are in my eyes?"
The humanoid asked.

Chapter 3803
The Bird Masters, the Monkey Masters, and the Human Spirits all stared at the humanoid in the sky with stunned expressions.
When these words were said by the humanoid's powerful aura, they were indeed extremely shocked.
What were the Dan Clan and the Yang Clan?
Could they be a hundred times stronger than the Four Spirit Sects?
What was the Shengming?
Ten thousand times stronger than them?
And there were even stronger existences above the Shengming?
What were the realms that the humanoid was talking about?
Cang Jiao had the most peculiar expression among the crowd.
He looked at the humanoid and asked in a hoarse voice, "The Starry Realm … The Starry Realm you're talking about, is it the deep space?"
The Four Spirit Sects had always referred to the world above the Main Realm as the deep space. However, Cang Jiao had heard from Ku Shu that the deep space seemed to have a specific name, which was the Starry Realm. However, very few people knew this name.
"What do you think?"
The humanoid asked indifferently.
"Then the Unthinking Limit Realm … the Infinite God Realm … was it once a realm higher than the deep space?"
Cang Jiao asked again.
"These realms have long been degraded by me," the humanoid said proudly.
Luo Zheng looked at the humanoid indifferently and asked, "Why are you doing this?
What's the point of degrading to you? "
Facing this question, the humanoid grinned. "You don't need to know. The only thing you need to do is to hand over this sword with both hands. After I've completely degraded everything to the third grid world, I can let you live. I can even let the Human Race dominate the Lower Extreme Realm."
The Lower Extreme Realm is at the level of the Chaotic Realm … After hearing the humanoid's words, Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly. He seemed to be a little tempted.
"Are you willing?"
The humanoid asked.
This sounded like a good suggestion.
After all, Luo Zheng's initial goal was to revive the entire Human Race.
However, Luo Zheng said with a smile, "You support the human race to dominate the Lower Extreme Realm, and then you continue to degrade to the Second Grid World. Then, my fate will be the same as the current Snake Spirit King, and I will become your puppet?"
"If you refuse, the only result will be death," the humanoid threatened without hesitation.
Hearing this threat, the Bird Masters, the Human Spirits, the Primeval Lord of Heaven, Nuwa, and the others felt their hearts tighten.
Even the valiant monkey lords were silent. Their expressions were grave.
The humanoid was so powerful that it was impossible to defeat it … It seemed that Luo Zheng's only choice was to accept its proposal.
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng replied calmly, "You?
Do you have the strength to kill me? "
Luo Zheng's words shocked everyone.
Although Luo Zheng was extremely powerful now and had killed the Spirit Snake King twice, this dark humanoid in front of him was definitely not as simple as the Spirit Snake King.
Who gave Luo Zheng the courage?
"If you had that kind of strength, would you have let this sword lie peacefully in the Altar of Earth for so many years?
You even needed to hide behind the Spirit Snake King to control everything? "
"Your strength should not be enough to degrade the Starry World, which is the Deep Space, did not completely degrade. Even now, the remains of the Starry Sky are suspended above the Main Realm. You wanted to degrade the Main Realm, but you did not have the strength. You could only let the Four Spirit Gates send the world builders to degrade the Main Realm bit by bit. Only then did the Secondary Realms come into being, one after another, and the Chaotic World that gave birth to us …" "You are not satisfied with the Lower Extreme Realm. If I give you the sword, you will continue to degrade, and the Lower Extreme Realm will not be able to be preserved …" "So, do you think I am stupid, or are you naive?"
Luo Zheng gently lifted the irregular sword. The energy in the cracks on the sword continued to flow.
An unprecedented look of determination appeared on his face.
Although the Origin Divine Blood had forgotten many important memories, it gradually became clear that the humanoid in front of him was the source of all his troubles.
In theory, if there were no Demoters who had demoted many times, there would not be the Four Spirit Gates, there would not be the Chaotic World, there would not be humans, and there would not be Luo Zheng. However, this did not mean that the other party was just.
"You …" The humanoid's voice was mixed with anger. Light flashed in its six pairs of compound eyes. "You are courting death!"
Its black body trembled slightly. Traces of black matter were like ink splashed on white paper. Terrifying energy escaped from its body. Then, it suddenly waved its black hand and slapped toward Luo Zheng's head.
The black hand did not hit Luo Zheng, but Luo Zheng groaned. He was hit by a violent impact. He fell to the ground like a falling meteor.
"Boom!"
At the same time that Luo Zheng hit the ground, the humanoid opened its palm toward the ground.
"Whoosh …" A black cloud that only the humanoid and Luo Zheng could see shrouded them.
This was the free space belonging to the Probability Extreme State.
Luo Zheng's Probability Extreme State and Torch Extreme State had not been removed by the irregular heavy sword.
Since he was shrouded by the black cloud, Luo Zheng quickly split into thousands of humanoid figures. These thousands of humanoid figures jumped up at the same time. The irregular heavy sword in their hands spun, creating tornado-like turquoise flames.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …" The spiraling tornado-like flames were like a huge monster. They kept swallowing the black cloud from the bottom to the top.
In a moment, the black cloud was completely swallowed. At the same time, Luo Zheng stabbed the irregular heavy sword at the humanoid figure.
"Stab!"
The irregular heavy sword directly pierced through the humanoid figure. The turquoise flames quickly engulfed its body and burned wildly.
"Huff huff huff …" The humanoid figure struggled in the flames. However, no matter how hard it struggled, it could not extinguish the flames. In a short while, it was completely burned by the flames.
"Dead, dead?"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Although Luo Zheng did not believe that the humanoid figure was as strong as he had boasted, it should not be so weak. His instincts told him that something was wrong.
Luo Zheng felt a trace of irritation in his heart.
Just as Luo Zheng was looking around hesitantly, a sense of oppression suddenly came from behind him.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. The irregular heavy sword fiercely swung, and the irregular heavy sword once again slashed at the humanoid figure.
"Huff huff …" Under the turquoise flames, the humanoid figure was burned to ashes again.
"Is this a clone created?"
"Where is the main body hiding …" Luo Zheng's brows furrowed even more. After killing the second humanoid figure, the irritation in his heart became even stronger. The situation was somewhat indescribably strange.
While he was thinking, one humanoid figure after another appeared in front of Luo Zheng. They surrounded Luo Zheng like a suicide squad.
These humanoid figures were not strong and could not withstand the might of the flames. However, the endless number of clones made this battle endless.
One clone, two clones, ten clones, a hundred clones … Luo Zheng killed these clones again and again.
Every time he killed a humanoid figure, the irritation in Luo Zheng's heart increased. The hostility on his face became heavier and his emotions became more and more paranoid. It seemed that he would not stop until he killed all these clones.

Chapter 3804
Luo Zheng killed one humanoid after another, but what the people on the altar saw was completely different.
In the eyes of Nuwa and the others, Luo Zheng was slashing around with his irregular heavy sword, and the targets of his slashes were palm-sized black bugs.
Every time Luo Zheng killed a black bug, a faint flash would burst out from the bug's body. Then, the flash would quickly enter Luo Zheng's body and disappear.
As more and more flashes entered Luo Zheng's body, the hostility on Luo Zheng's face became more and more intense.
The real humanoid floated not far away.
It opened and closed its palms, and black bugs would crawl out and rush toward Luo Zheng as if they were on a suicide mission.
These were Dream Destroyer Bugs.
They were born from the extreme state of mind.
The humanoid knew very well that Luo Zheng and that sword possessed terrifying power, so it had not planned to fight head-on from the start.
When the humanoid summoned that black cloud of extreme probability, the extreme state of mind had already been activated.
By the time Luo Zheng destroyed the black cloud, he and the irregular sword had already entered the extreme state of mind.
Luo Zheng was not a native of the Starry Sky Realm, so his understanding of the Mystiques of the Starry Sky Realm was limited. The spirit of the irregular sword was even more ignorant and had limited intelligence, so it was easier for it to enter the extreme state of mind.
Therefore, the humanoid easily captured Luo Zheng and the irregular sword!
"Kill, kill. The Dream Destroyer Bugs can poison your heart bit by bit, and eventually turn you into a mindless slaughterer, falling into eternal madness …"
The humanoid mumbled to itself.
When the people on the altar saw this, they fell into a panic.
"Luo Zheng seems to have fallen into an illusion …"
"What's that flash he absorbed?"
"The situation doesn't look good …"
The illusion set up by such an existence was extremely powerful. Once one fell into it, it would be very difficult to break free.
Although they realized this, what could they do?
Not to mention the Immortal realm experts, even the stronger monkey lords and bird lords did not dare to make a move.
The humanoid's methods were not something they could contend with. Even without using the Light of Destruction, the humanoid could kill Shift directly, and even destroy the coordinates that would allow them to revive.
"I have to think of a way to remind Luo Zheng!"
A Human Spirit said.
"Who will go?"
Another human spirit asked in return.
Although they had become Treacherous Bodies, there was still fear in their hearts. They were afraid that they would truly disappear from this world.
While everyone was still hesitating, the Luan Fox flapped its wings. "I'll go!"
"Luan Fox?"
Han Ge said in a low voice. He did not want to see his comrade die in vain.
"I have the Divine Eyes of Heaven and Earth and specialize in breaking through illusions. I can give it a try," the Luan Fox replied.
"You can't break it, and you will definitely die!"
Han Ge advised.
"What's the difference between dying now and dying later?"
The luan fox asked.
Since the humanoid's goal was to degrade, it would definitely eliminate all Anomalies. All living beings from the fourth grid would not be spared.
Regardless of whether they were fearful or not, this kind of disastrous outcome was bound to befall them. Thus, they could only seize the slightest chance and fight to the death.
Hange fell silent.
The others also fell silent.
They all understood the meaning behind Luan Hu's words.
No one tried to stop it. The Luan Fox flapped its wings and flew up.
Just as the Luan Fox made its move, the Onyx Manor's Onyx Manor General suddenly took out a pair of giant scissors. His body turned into a straight line as he flew up from another direction.
That was the Dream Shattering Scissors. It was a treasure that the Great Conjecture Institute had specially created for it. It could also counter all illusions.
The instant the Luan Fox flapped its wings and flew up, its Divine Eyes of Heaven and Earth released two streaks of five-colored light. These streaks of five-colored light streaked across the sky, heading straight for Luo Zheng.
The Onyx Manor General followed closely behind. A pair of giant scissors suddenly unfurled and slashed at Luo Zheng.
"Crack!"
The humanoid was naturally able to see this scene.
A trace of contempt and mockery escaped from his body.
The living beings in the fifth grid were used to communicating with their emotions. The humanoid was no exception.
He had no intention of stopping it …
The Extreme Mental State was not as simple as an illusion.
Normally, illusions would envelop an area and create a realistic or illusory predicament.
However, the Extreme Mental State was targeted at a specific target. After Luo Zheng fell into the Extreme Mental State, how could these random cats and dogs be able to dispel it?
"Trash, don't come out and join in the fun …"
The humanoid lowered his head slightly, and his six pairs of compound eyes flickered.
The Luan Fox and the Onyx Manor General immediately flared up. Their bodies were like melted candles. Bubbles rose from their surfaces, and they eventually turned into white sludge that scattered on the ground. Their coordinates also suffered the same fate and directly collapsed.
The altar fell silent once again.
In the face of the humanoid, they really were like a bunch of weak and ignorant ants.
Not only were they unable to fight against such a powerful existence, but they could not even understand what the other party was using.
"Sigh …"
Someone sighed and sat down on the ground. His head drooped, indicating that he had given up.
Someone clenched their fists tightly with a bitter and helpless expression.
Some people were angry, but they did not dare to voice it out.
Nuwa tilted her head and watched as Luo Zheng killed the black insects one by one. The wrinkles on her forehead became deeper and deeper. However, they suddenly relaxed, and she softly transmitted her voice to the Primordial Lord of Heaven. "Descend."
"What?"
The Primordial Lord of Heaven did not come back to his senses.
"Descend to the Place of Beginnings!"
Nuwa said.
Since Luo Zheng was trapped in the illusion, the irregular heavy sword, Luo Zheng himself, and Taishang Laojun who was hiding in Luo Zheng's mind were all trapped. However, they could communicate with Luo Zheng in the Place of Beginnings.
The Primordial Lord of Heaven's eyes lit up when he heard this, and then he said, "You go!"
Nuwa nodded.
The Primordial Lord of Heaven quickly took out the Ring of Descent and threw it over Nuwa's head.
"Buzz!"
The Ring of Descent emitted a golden light that bathed Nuwa's body. Nuwa quickly descended to the Place of Beginnings.
The humanoid noticed this scene, but he did not care.
Who would care about the movements of ants under their feet?
After Nuwa's original body descended on Mount Li, she did not even have time to greet the people on Mount Li before she went straight to the Human Race's Weapon of Civilization.
Stopping in front of the Weapon of Civilization, Nuwa's original body reached out and pressed on it. While activating the Weapon of Civilization, she tried to communicate with Luo Zheng. After all, this was Luo Zheng's Inner World. It should be able to break through the restrictions of the illusion.
The Weapon of Civilization kept flashing with green light. Nuwa's original body said, "Luo Zheng, can you hear my voice …"
For a long time, there was no response.
Nuwa's original body tried a few more times, but it was still the same.
"It doesn't work …" Nuwa lowered her head, her eyes filled with disappointment.
At this moment, Nuwa, Fuxi, Donghuang, and the other Immortal Realm experts who were guarding the Place of Beginnings rushed over.
"Lady Nuwa … What happened in Jade Clear Heaven? Why are you in such a hurry?"
Nuwa stepped forward and asked.
It was actually a very strange thing to communicate with her other self. However, since Nuwa's original body was so anxious, the situation might not be good.

Chapter 3805
Goddess Nuwa's true body briefly explained Luo Zheng's situation.
After hearing that Luo Zheng had fallen into an illusion, Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others suddenly became worried.
"What about the Monkey Spirit King?
You have a lot of helpers in Jade Pure Heaven this time, "Nuwa said.
This time, they had made ample preparations for the expedition.
It could be said that they had gathered all the powerhouses of the Three Spirit Sects …
Nuwa smiled bitterly. "They … can't do it. In the end, we relied on Luo Zheng to kill the Snake Spirit King, but there is a more powerful existence behind the Snake Spirit King, which is also the source of all the chaos."
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others suddenly fell silent. The development of the situation was beyond their expectations.
"Try using the Instrument of Civilization of the Tianzhi Civilization," Nuwa suggested.
So they went to another Instrument of Civilization and called out the green figure in it.
The green figure was duty-bound to accept the request and tried to communicate, but it still failed …
In the end, there was only the Instrument of Civilization of the Green Jade Civilization left, but the first two Instruments of Civilization had failed, so there was no need to try the rest.
"If Luo Zheng is defeated, everything is over …" Nuwa pursed her lips, her pretty face full of anxiety.
The others were also at their wits' end, not knowing what to do.
While everyone was depressed, Nuwa suddenly raised her head and locked her eyes on the blood-red sky above her head.
Since Luo Zheng began the battle, there were various colors of energy flowing in the blood-red sky. These energies all gathered in the center of the Land of Origin and were continuously transmitted to Luo Zheng. The creatures in the Land of Origin could basically sense that the energy was too strong.
"The Origin Divine Blood is intelligent. Didn't it notice Luo Zheng's abnormality?"
Nuwa asked.
Nuwa thought for a while and raised her eyebrows slightly. "Maybe it didn't notice, but we can let it try!"
"The Origin Divine Blood only communicates with Luo Zheng, never with us." Fuxi spread out his hands.
Although everyone knew that the blood-red sky was intelligent, and Luo Zheng had also mentioned it to them, no one had ever communicated with it.
"How will we know if we don't try!"
Nuwa said and used the Great Shift to go straight to the top of the Land of Origin, and the others followed closely behind.
Standing below the Blood Firmament, one would naturally feel a strong sense of oppression.
Before they could even get close, a thunderous voice came from the blood-colored sky. "All of you, retreat."
It was now busy transferring energy to Luo Zheng, so it naturally had no time to pay attention to the creatures in the Land of Origin.
However, the fact that the Origin Divine Blood had spoken made everyone rejoice. They had been afraid that the Origin Divine Blood would not respond.
Goddess Nvywa said directly, "I am Goddess Nvywa, who descended from the Earth Altar. Do you know that Luo Zheng is trapped in an illusion?"
"What?"
The monotonous voice of the Origin Divine Blood clearly revealed a trace of astonishment.
When the extreme state of mind trapped Luo Zheng, not only could it deceive Luo Zheng, it could also deceive Taishang Laojun, the irregular heavy sword, and the Origin Divine Blood.
The Origin God Blood was also very anxious.
The humanoid figures continued to appear as if there was no end to them.
As Luo Zheng continued to fight, Luo Zheng's emotions became extremely unstable.
The Origin Divine Blood sensed that something was wrong, but the extreme state of mind could quietly affect one's thinking ability. It could not find out what was wrong!
Not only it, but Luo Zheng, Taishang Laojun, and the irregular heavy sword were the same!
However, with Goddess Nvywa's reminder, the Origin Divine Blood naturally discovered that something was wrong. They were indeed confused by the humanoid figures.
"Slash!"
Luo Zheng could no longer remember how many humanoid figures he had killed.
According to his judgment, the humanoid figures also consumed a lot of energy to summon clones.
He cut off these clones one by one until the humanoid figures could no longer summon clones.
However, these humanoid figures were endless. He could not kill all of them!
Gradually, he became more and more irritable and angry. His eyes were red as if he wanted to devour someone.
"Luo Zheng … Luo Zheng …"
The voice of the Origin Divine Blood came from his inner world.
Although Luo Zheng heard this voice, it seemed to be far away in the sky. He did not have the slightest intention to respond.
"Luo Zheng … Luo Zheng …"
The Origin Divine Blood continued to call, but Luo Zheng did not respond at all.
It thought for a while and directly injected a violent energy into Luo Zheng's body.
This violent energy did not flow into the irregular heavy sword. Instead, it flowed along Luo Zheng's meridians and directly exploded in Luo Zheng's chest.
"Pop!"
A finger-sized wound appeared on Luo Zheng's chest.
However, he only looked down and then crazily attacked the humanoid figure. He thought that this attack came from the humanoid figure and counterattacked even more crazily!
"It's useless …"
The Origin Divine Blood thought for a while and simply launched a soul attack on Luo Zheng.
As the blood-red sky flickered, a brown aura gathered in the center of the place of origin and entered Luo Zheng's body. It turned into a sharp needle and went straight for Luo Zheng's mind.
However, the moment this sharp needle drilled into Luo Zheng's mind, a white flash burst out of his mind and extinguished this sharp needle instantly!
"What?"
The Origin Divine Blood was stunned for a moment, but instantly understood what was going on.
Although the energy of the fifth grid world was stronger than the energy of the fourth grid world, the difference between the two was not that big.
After all, when the energy of the fifth grid world was expanded, it only changed from 140 types to 373 types.
However, when the energy of the fourth grid world was expanded to a three-grid world, it directly became 3,000 types. The difference was huge …
Luo Zheng's current situation was very similar to the Mind-Trapping Technique. However, the divine power released by the humanoid figure was obviously stronger than the Origin Divine Blood's Mind-Trapping Technique.
"I can only consume it bit by bit …"
After thinking it through, the Origin Divine Blood launched two or three soul attacks on Luo Zheng's mind.
These soul attacks were naturally blocked by the white flash and then extinguished with lightning speed.
Although the white flash was powerful, it was ultimately limited.
Even though Luo Zheng was still stubbornly killing those humanoid figures and constantly absorbing the white flash, the speed of consumption still could not keep up with the speed of replenishment.
As the Origin Divine Blood's soul attacks became denser and denser, the white flash was consumed faster and faster!
The hostility on Luo Zheng's face weakened bit by bit. His originally bright red eyes also slowly regained a trace of clarity.
"Hmm?"
Not far away, the humanoid figure's compound eyes flashed with surprise when he saw this scene.
"You can actually break free from the extreme state of mind?
Impossible … Someone is helping you … "
Although the humanoid figure was very surprised, he did not pay too much attention to it.
From the beginning, his target was not Luo Zheng, but that irregular heavy sword.
As long as this sword was separated from Luo Zheng, he had nothing to fear.
As the white flash in Luo Zheng's mind became fewer and fewer, he finally woke up. Only now did he realize that he was not killing humanoid figures, but black insects.

Chapter 3806
Luo Zheng woke up, but the irregular epee didn't.
The spirit in the irregular epee was more easily bewitched, but it still struggled to drag Luo Zheng to kill those black insects.
And every time it killed a black insect, it would shoot out a white flash.
Some of these white flashes drilled into Luo Zheng's body, and some drilled into the irregular epee.
"This …" The white flashes couldn't be resisted at all. After drilled into Luo Zheng's mind, he felt slightly confused.
Fortunately, the Origin God Blood was already on guard. As long as the white flashes entered Luo Zheng's mind, it would eliminate them immediately.
"Origin God Blood, can you help the spirit in this sword get rid of it?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"I'll try."
The Origin God Blood also saw that Luo Zheng was being led by this sword again.
So a brown aura once again swam along Luo Zheng's body, spreading over Luo Zheng's arm and going straight to the irregular epee.
"Whoosh …" But the moment this brown aura drilled into the irregular epee, white flashes swarmed over, trying to extinguish the soul attack of the Origin God Blood.
The Origin God Blood didn't care about this consumption. It had endless energy support, so it wasn't afraid to compete in consumption.
With this little consumption, it could always eliminate the white flashes.
But after the Origin God Blood launched the first wave of soul attack, the irregular epee quickly responded.
The spirit of this sword was as bloodthirsty as Luo Zheng. When it sensed the attack of the Origin God Blood, it didn't hesitate to launch a counterattack.
"Swoosh …" From the red light ball-like spirit, strands of green filaments burst out. These green filaments lightly hooked and eliminated the soul attack of the Origin God Blood! "This …" The Origin God Blood was somewhat speechless.
It obviously came to rescue this spirit, but the spirit regarded it as an enemy and counterattacked.
The white flashes had already eroded the spirit, but the spirit didn't notice it at all! "How is it?"
Luo Zheng held the irregular epee tightly and asked.
"No, my soul attack was detected by the spirit in the sword, and it attacked me back …" The Origin God Blood's voice was somewhat helpless.
Luo Zheng frowned and pondered for a moment. "You can stop the energy supply!"
The irregular heavy sword didn't contain much energy, so when it followed the Bitter Tree, this sword wasn't particularly powerful.
The energy that had been accumulated in the Earth Altar for so many years was quickly consumed by Luo Zheng.
With an attack method like the irregular heavy sword, and with the extreme probabilistic state and the extreme spark state activated, as long as the Origin Divine Blood cut off the energy supply, the remaining energy would be quickly consumed by the spirit body.
When the spirit body was unable to retaliate, the Origin Divine Blood would be able to clean up the white flashes.
"Let's do it!"
The Origin Divine Blood also felt that Luo Zheng's proposal was good.
The bloody sky in the Land of Beginnings quickly calmed down.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others looked up at the blood-red sky, thinking that the battle was over.
"Hum …" The energy of the irregular heavy sword, which was originally dispersing an astonishing amount of energy, quickly dried up after a few slashes. The light on the surface of the sword quickly dimmed.
Although the spirit body was still filled with killing intent and wanted to kill these black insects, after losing its energy, it was powerless.
"Hmm?"
The humanoid figure quickly noticed the change in the irregular sword.
The six pairs of compound eyes flashed slightly, guessing Luo Zheng's plan.
"Clever, hehe …" As soon as the humanoid figure finished speaking, it waved its hand, and a black cloud enveloped Luo Zheng.
Since Luo Zheng had lost the support of the irregular heavy sword, the humanoid figure could use the extreme probabilistic state to crush him.
When the irregular heavy sword's energy was exhausted, Luo Zheng's extreme probabilistic state naturally disappeared, but Luo Zheng vaguely felt a trace of energy spreading out. His pupils slightly widened, and he immediately said, "Oh no, that humanoid figure is going to use the extreme probabilistic state again!"
As soon as his voice fell, Luo Zheng felt his chest being hit by a giant hammer.
"Bang!"
Although the strength of Luo Zheng's physical body had already reached an appalling level, this punch still caused his chest to cave in.
What was even more frightening was that in the extreme probabilistic state, the humanoid figure's time was stacked. The humanoid figure could throw tens of thousands of punches at Luo Zheng in a breath's time, and the irregular heavy sword could no longer protect Luo Zheng.
"Bang, bang, bang …" Fists as dense as light fell on Luo Zheng's body.
His head, chest, back … dense fist imprints began to appear, and then they were immediately covered by even more fist imprints.
In the eyes of the people on the altar, Luo Zheng was currently floating in the air, being beaten back and forth by invisible fists, like an erratic sandbag.
"What's going on …" "Why did Luo Zheng suddenly lose the ability to fight back?"
"It seems like something happened …" Many people couldn't help but sigh in their hearts.
Not only were they unable to interfere in a battle of this level, they couldn't even understand what was going on.
Even the powerful Monkey Lord and Bird Lord could only act as spectators, unable to do anything.
"Hua …" While Luo Zheng was being beaten, the Origin God's Blood realized that something was wrong, and it quickly restored its energy supply! The irregular heavy sword's surface flickered again, and at the same time, it restored Luo Zheng's extreme probabilistic state and extreme probabilistic state.
In an instant, Luo Zheng moved along with the black clouds, waving the irregular heavy sword and slashing out green clouds of fire. In a short while, the black clouds were completely burned away.
However, the humanoid figure still didn't intend to fight Luo Zheng head-on. Before the black clouds were burned away, he had already lightly floated away, away from the range of the black clouds. At the same time, he stretched out his palm, and fist-sized insects drilled out of the black hole in his palm.
The irregular heavy sword still seemed to have lost its mind, and it dragged Luo Zheng to slash at those insects! "This guy isn't giving me a chance at all!"
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes and said.
The humanoid figure sensed Luo Zheng's emotions and let out a sinister laugh. "There's no need to play such little tricks. Before I completely contaminate the spirit body, you still have time to submit to me. How about it?"
His goal was to use his extreme probabilistic state to divide the irregular heavy sword. Once he succeeded, he would naturally be able to take the spirit body in the irregular heavy sword into his pocket.
"In your dreams!"
Luo Zheng said coldly.
"You've given up your last chance," the humanoid figure said regretfully.
He stretched out his hand, and more black insects flew out, heading straight for Luo Zheng. These black insects were unsurprisingly killed by the irregular heavy sword one by one. In the eyes of the spirit body in the sword, these insects were all humanoid figures.
Those white flashes continued to accumulate inside the irregular heavy sword, nibbling away the spirit body's last trace of rationality.
When the accumulation reached a critical point, the humanoid figure's six pairs of compound eyes flickered slightly.
"Extreme Probabilistic State, Soul Storm!"
In the irregular heavy sword, those white flashes that were originally obedient received the humanoid figure's command, and began to wreak havoc inside the sword.

Chapter 3807
"Whoosh …"
When the soul storm in the humanoid's mouth started to blow, the light emitted from the irregular sword started to become chaotic.
Although it was bewitched by the extreme state of mind earlier, at least it still had a trace of clarity and was still attacking the humanoid transformed by the black bugs in an orderly manner.
But now it was completely lost.
Although the Origin Divine Blood was still injecting energy into it, the injected energy was released in various forms.
"Woo woo woo …"
A faint golden light flashed through the cracks on the surface of the sword, and then a circle of light appeared. Then the irregular sword shot out the golden light.
"Whoosh, whoosh —"
The golden light was shot out randomly and hit the ground directly.
"Crash!"
The layer of Clear Jade Sky was pierced through by the golden light. It penetrated from top to bottom, and the golden light showed no signs of stopping. It passed through Ping Yi Sky, Fan Du Sky, Yusheng Sky, Chang Rong Sky …
Within a breath's time, almost every Nirvana Realm creature saw the golden light beam.
A small number of Nirvana Realm creatures happened to be at the position of the golden light beam. They just touched it slightly and disappeared without a trace.
"Whoosh, whoosh —"
"Whoosh, whoosh —"
The golden light circle surrounded the irregular sword and appeared one after another.
The golden light beam scattered in all directions, and it seemed like nothing in the Nirvana Realm could stop the golden light beam.
A few of the light beams went straight to the Earth Altar. Some monkey lords and bird lords touched the light beam and disappeared immediately …
"Extreme state of Holy Light, haha …" The humanoid's voice was filled with laughter. It liked the state of madness of the spiritual body.
After the irregular sword released a circle of golden light, the surface of the sword started to turn green, and then a green fog dissipated.
As the green mist spread out, small dark-green arrows appeared one after another.
Although these small arrows contained powerful vitality, they were the real Death God, and any living thing that was shot by them would quickly wither.
Fortunately, these small dark green arrows were not flying very fast, and everyone on the Earth Altar dodged them one by one.
The humanoid's body did not dodge, and even reached out to grab a small dark green arrow and admired it. "Extreme state of Life, Withering Arrow …"
After the green fog, there were tiny lightning bolts coming out of the sword, and then there were black moons floating around.
"What is it trying to do!"
Luo Zheng was still holding the irregular heavy sword tightly.
"He's probably gone mad," the Origin Divine Blood said.
"Then cut off the energy supply!"
Luo Zheng shouted.
The irregular heavy sword launched an indiscriminate attack. Although it didn't injure Luo Zheng, many people on the altar were defeated. They simply couldn't resist the thunderous attack released by this sword.
"If the energy supply is cut off, how will you deal with that guy?"
The Origin God Blood asked.
The humanoid had been waiting by the side.
Once the irregular heavy sword stopped attacking, he would definitely make his move.
However, allowing the irregular heavy sword to wreak havoc was not a solution …
Luo Zheng was also very anxious. Ideas appeared in his mind one after another, but they were rejected one after another.
"Crack!"
Suddenly, an invisible force field appeared on the surface of the irregular heavy sword. This was the Moment Extreme State.
When this invisible force field surged out, it directly pushed Luo Zheng's hand away, and the sword finally flew out of his hand!
"It's done!"
The humanoid humanoid's compound eyes flickered as it charged towards the irregular heavy sword.
Without the energy supply, the irregular heavy sword was just a piece of scrap iron. Naturally, he could easily control it.
Luo Zheng's expression changed, and he also reached for the hilt.
Just as he was about to grab the hilt, he suddenly felt a trace of a unique aura.
"Black cloud, extreme probabilistic state …"
This thought flashed through Luo Zheng's mind, and at the same time, an ominous premonition arose.
"Oh no!"
In the blink of an eye, that ominous premonition had been realized.
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang …
In an extremely short period of time, the humanoid humanoid once again launched a storm of attacks on Luo Zheng in the extreme probabilistic state.
Boom!
Luo Zheng was smashed into the ground, raising clouds of dust.
But at this moment, the humanoid humanoid was holding the irregular heavy sword.
Seeing this sudden change, the people on the altar were all stupefied.
Even the stupidest person understood what this meant …
"It's over, it's all over …" Gong Gong murmured. He had turned into a man of water. His entire body was transparent in order to avoid being accidentally injured by the irregular heavy sword.
Fuxi was silent. Shen Chengang was silent. Cang Jiao was also silent …
Monkey Lord, Bird Lord, and the others were silent.
Their only hope had been destroyed. At this moment, they felt empty in their hearts.
Luo Zheng lay in the gravel and mud. His eyes were filled with deep unwillingness and despair.
He had thought that he had an infinite amount of power, but this power had been easily seized by the other party. No one would feel good about such a thing.
"Wuwuwuwu …"
The humanoid humanoid humanoid seemed to be very excited.
He held the irregular heavy sword in his hand and looked up at the sky with his six pairs of compound eyes.
Although they didn't know what he was saying, his emotions were undisguised.
It was a kind of excitement that came after a long time of vicissitudes. It was the joy of finally getting what one wanted.
Under the influence of his strong emotions, there was a sharp contrast, making everyone feel even more desolate.
"This day has been too late, too long. But in the end, I still got it back. It's a pity that you won't be able to see this day, hahaha …" The humanoid humanoid humanoid laughed.
"Got it back?
Did this sword originally belong to him? "
Nuwa tilted her head and said. Just now, she had hurried back to the Nirvana Realm after informing the Origin Divine Blood.
"Who is the 'Cong' he mentioned?"
Yuanshi Tianzun also asked curiously.
Fuxi spread out his hands and said, "What's the point of you worrying about this now?"
Nuwa and Yuanshi Tianzun didn't say anything. Of course, they knew what the current situation meant.
The humanoid humanoid humanoid held the irregular heavy sword and looked down. "I'm very excited. In order to express my gratitude, I'll sacrifice your lives to the sword!"
"Buzz!"
Purple-black energy flashed on the irregular heavy sword.
Then, purple cracks spread around the humanoid humanoid humanoid. Purple-black energy balls drilled out of these cracks one after another. These energy balls contained violent and terrible power.
"Die …"
Hundreds and thousands of purple-black energy balls descended, like the judgment of the God of Death.
Some people began to run away, some stayed where they were, and some even changed their own forms to avoid this disaster.
Nuwa stood where she was and didn't move. These purple cracks spread very quickly. It wouldn't take long for the entire Jade Clear Sky to be covered. Under the purple-black energy balls, no matter where they ran, they would die.
"Amazing little guy, you can't do anything …" Nuwa looked at Luo Zheng who was lying on the ground in the distance.
For the first time, this was the first time Luo Zheng failed to meet Nuwa's expectations.
He couldn't be blamed. The existence he was facing was far beyond his limit. It was a miracle that he could hold on for so long.
He had been creating miracles, but he couldn't create miracles forever.

Chapter 3808
The falling speed of the purple energy ball was not fast, like a layer of the sky falling slowly.
Seeing this, Yuanshi Tianzun reached out and flicked his hand. Two rings flashing with golden light went straight to the heads of Fuxi and Gonggong.
"You three, leave …" Yuanshi Tianzun said.
Nuwa's Ring of Descent was still in her hands. She could descend to the Land of Origin at any time.
"What about you?"
Nuwa raised her eyebrows.
"Is there any point?"
Yuanshi Tianzun had a faint smile on his face.
Since everyone was going to be destroyed, what was the point of staying here for a while?
Yuanshi Tianzun's face was full of unwillingness.
They were well aware of how difficult it was to reach this step. They had failed at the last step, and their hearts had turned to ashes in an instant.
Gonggong was the first to activate the Ring of Descent. As the Ring of Descent glowed, his body shook and stayed where he was … "Can't descend?"
Gonggong's voice trembled. Among the human heroes, he had always been cautious and meticulous. He belonged to the category of "afraid of death".
Fuxi glanced at him indifferently and also activated the Ring of Descent.
Failed … Nuwa's attempt was still a failure.
She smiled bitterly and looked at Luo Zheng in the distance. "Can't leave the other side. Luo Zheng is probably the same …" Luo Zheng also looked at the sky quietly, his face as calm as ever.
He just tried to recite the spell to break away from Jade Clear Sky but failed. It was as if he was sprinkled with soul-avoiding water.
"If I die, will the Land of Origin collapse?"
Luo Zheng asked the Origin Divine Blood.
"Yes," the Origin Divine Blood replied.
Although the Land of Origin was now built with the help of the Origin Divine Blood, Luo Zheng was the owner of the Land of Origin. He was indispensable.
"What about you? What will happen to you?"
Luo Zheng asked again.
"Me?
I will naturally leave the Land of Origin, "the Origin Divine Blood said again.
"Help me take care of them," Luo Zheng said.
"I will."
The result was the same with or without the Origin Divine Blood's care.
The descent had begun, and the entire Chaotic World would be taken by the humanoid.
Ling Shuang, Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin, Xun … Their faces appeared one after another in front of Luo Zheng.
At this moment, he suddenly felt a wave of regret.
From the moment he met them, he was like a chess piece being pushed forward by a finger. He ran all over the place, from the Eastern Divine Region to the universe, from the God Realm to the mother world. He rarely had the time to stop and accompany them.
If he had known this would happen, he would have been willing to become a mortal with them and spend the rest of his life in peace.
Luo Nian … Luo Zheng suddenly thought of that child. Luo Nian … Luo Zheng suddenly thought of that child.
"If the humanoid body completely degrades, what will happen to Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya in the Main Realm?"
Luo Zheng asked again.
"Die!"
Luo Cheng fell silent. Everyone fell silent.
The purple energy ball above his head was getting closer and closer. Three thousand feet, three hundred feet, five hundred feet … "Hua!"
The Earth Altar in the distance was the first to be corroded by the purple energy ball.
Before Fuxi was corroded by the purple energy ball, he waved his hand at Luo Zheng.
"Farewell …" Nuwa knelt on the ground and closed her beautiful eyes.
Yuanshi Tianzun stood motionless.
Gong Gong was still struggling. He turned into a pool of water and flowed down the altar, seeping into the ground.
Others also climbed down from the altar, trying to fight for the last few breaths of time for themselves to survive, but even more people gave up … "Sizzle …" The moment the purple energy ball devoured them, Nuwa, Fuxi, Heavenly Lord of the Origin, and Yi Wang quickly melted and disappeared into the ball.
Then, the altar collapsed. The energy ball eroded the altar layer by layer.
Soon, the energy ball was only a few feet away from Luo Zheng's head.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a ripple of space behind him.
He turned around in surprise and saw a door appear behind him. It was the door in Luo Yan's mind! "This door …" Luo Zheng's eyes widened.
"Clang!"
The door was pushed open.
A pair of big furry hands reached out from the door and pulled Luo Zheng in.
"Bang!"
The door closed and then disappeared into thin air.
It only took the blink of an eye to open the door and close it, but the humanoid still saw it.
"Eh?"
The humanoid's eyes flashed with confusion.
"He still has a way to escape?"
"It doesn't matter. He can only live for a few more days …" To be honest, the humanoid didn't care about Luo Zheng's life or death. He was going to die anyway.
From the moment he got the irregular heavy sword, the ending was already written. There was no more chance of an accident.
Inside the door.
Two rows of hairy monsters stood on both sides of the tunnel.
Their gazes fell on Luo Zheng.
"Who … are you?"
Luo Zheng asked.
No one answered.
"Tap tap tap …" Footsteps came from the end of the tunnel. As the footsteps became clearer, a figure slowly emerged from the darkness. It was Ling Shuang, whom he hadn't seen for a long time.
"Ling Shuang …" Seeing this door, Luo Zheng had a rough idea that Luo Yan was probably inside.
But when he saw Ling Shuang with his own eyes, he was still a little excited.
Ling Shuang clenched her fists tightly and paused for four or five breaths before answering Luo Zheng's question. "They are from the Great Guessing House of the Human Soul Sect."
"The Great Guessing House …" Luo Zheng understood.
He had heard of this house many times. It could be said that the Great Guessing House was the founder of the entire Human Soul Sect. They were also the smartest group of people in the Human Soul Sect. Even Elder Xue, who helped Luo Zheng obtain the Origin God Blood, came from the Great Guessing House.
After Ling Shuang finished speaking, she suddenly rushed to Luo Zheng and buried her head in Luo Zheng's arms.
"I'm late. I had a chance, sob sob sob …" Luo Zheng naturally understood what Ling Shuang meant by 'late'. However, the 'chance' she mentioned made Luo Zheng hesitate for a moment before he regained his senses. He then smiled bitterly and said, "You are indeed a little late. However, even if you were a little early, I'm afraid it wouldn't have helped."
"Why?"
Ling Shuang looked puzzled.
"Because even if you are the daughter of Lord Ku Shu, you can't fight against that existence even if you awaken Lord Ku Shu," Luo Zheng said.
"Impossible!"
"Lord Ku Shu is the strongest person in the Human Clan. If he awakens, he will definitely be stronger than that guy!"
"Yes, Lord Ku Shu is our last hope. We still have to find a way to find him!"
The long-haired monsters retorted.
Luo Zheng smiled and said, "Even if Lord Ku Shu obtained that sword, he shouldn't be as strong as me …" "Why should he be weaker than you just because you say so?"
A long-haired monster said, unconvinced.
"Why …" Luo Zheng thought for a moment and said, "Because Elder Xue helped me obtain the Origin God Blood. With the help of the Origin God Blood, I can unleash 100% of the sword's power."
"What!"
"How is this possible … You have the Origin God Blood?"
The long-haired monsters were stunned. Only then did they remember Elder Xue, who had left the Great Guessing House and gone to the deep space.

Chapter 3809
Back then, when Elder Xue wanted to go to the deep space, neither the Great Guessing Residence nor the Bitter Tree supported him.
Therefore, Elder Xue left without saying goodbye after leaving a letter.
For a long time after that, there was no news of Elder Xue.
Now that they suddenly heard news of Elder Xue from Luo Zheng, they were naturally very surprised.
"Elder Xue?
How did you meet Elder Xue? "
A long-haired monster asked.
Another long-haired monster speculated, "Elder Xue went to the deep space back then. Although we thought he was doomed, he was indeed able to avoid the great calamity that happened in the Main Realm … The key is that Elder Xue brought back the method of fusing with the Origin God Blood!"
"When did you meet him …" The long-haired monsters were very excited.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "I didn't, but someone did."
As soon as he said that, Taishang Laojun's remnant soul appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
Taishang Laojun then recounted how he encountered Elder Xue, how he hid in Jade Clear Sky, and Elder Xue's layout.
The long-haired monsters were also very surprised after hearing this.
Although they were all from the Grand Conjecture Courtyard and were all extremely intelligent, they were still in awe of Elder Xue's achievements.
"Our Great Guessing Residence still has Elder Xue's foresight …" "He actually forced himself to this step!"
"Back then, we wronged him …" As the long-haired monsters were discussing, the white-haired monster slowly walked out and said with a trace of self-blame, "Back then, I wronged Elder Xue and even reprimanded him to his face, but I didn't know that he had done so much silently and … succeeded!"
"Who are you?"
Luo Zheng asked.
The long-haired monster cupped his hands and said, "I'm Wen Dizhi, the Residence Master of the Great Guessing Residence."
The strongest person in the Human Spirit Sect was the Human Spirit King, the Bitter Tree. The Residence of Shifang and the Residence of Great Guessing were neck and neck. One of them was a scholar while the other was a martial artist. The scholar was controlled by Wen Dizhi.
Luo Zheng also cupped his hands and returned the greeting.
Wen Dizhi looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression. "The Origin Divine Blood is the origin of all things and can provide endless energy. If you have that sword in hand, you should be invincible …" He still found it hard to believe.
The Office of the Great Conjecture had made countless deductions, and Wen Dizhi had once deduced that the strongest combat power in the Main Realm was theoretically the Origin God's Blood and that sword. They were truly existences that ruled over everything.
"The enemy I'm facing is from the deep space. It's an opponent of a higher level," Luo Zheng replied.
Wen Dishi was stunned and asked in disbelief, "That's the existence of the sixth grid world?"
The other long-haired monsters were also interested.
After all, these people had taken it upon themselves to explore the truth of the world.
Although they concluded that there was a higher level world above the deep space, it was very difficult for them to explore the deep space. They might not be able to understand the higher level world, so it only existed as a hypothesis.
Luo Zheng shook his head, "Maybe the seventh, eighth, or even ninth grid …" "What?"
"How is that possible?
There's such an existence in this three-grid world? "
"Impossible, absolutely impossible!"
The long-haired monsters did not believe it.
"The world you're in has been reduced by him from the higher level world. He's known as the Reducer," Luo Zheng said.
"Why would he do that?"
Wen Dizhi asked.
"Who knows. Maybe it's to deal with someone, or maybe it's to escape from someone," Luo Zheng shrugged.
The only information Luo Zheng got from the humanoid was that he once had an opponent called 'Cong'.
"No wonder, no wonder, no wonder …" Wen Dizhi shook his head and said 'no wonder' three times in a row. He finally understood why Luo Zheng was defeated.
If Luo Zheng, who had the Origin Divine Blood, was defeated, then even if they awakened Ku Shu, it would be useless. Although Ku Shu was powerful, he would never perform better than Luo Zheng. They had thought too simply before.
"Then, then … I can't find my father?
You can't break the curse? "
Ling Shuang's bright eyes were still glistening with tears.
"I think, your father should be the Humanoid King Ku Shu?"
Luo Zheng touched her head and smiled. When he saw the woman who looked exactly like Ling Shuang in the Earth Altar, Luo Zheng had a guess.
"Yes," Ling Shuang nodded.
At first, Ling Shuang did not know much, but later she knew.
Luo Zheng reached out his hand. The Sumeru Space flashed with blue light, and then a strange body came out. It was the Humanoid King Ku Shu.
The long-haired monsters present did not expect Luo Zheng to hide the Humanoid King in the Sumeru Space. They were very excited when they saw Ku Shu.
"King!"
"It's King!"
"Lord Ku Shu!"
A group of long-haired monsters gathered around.
"Get out of my way!"
Wen Dizhi scolded.
After the long-haired monsters retreated a distance, Wen Dizhi slowly lifted Ku Shu up.
Ku Shu, as a sleeping species in the Treacherous Realm, would not have any consciousness of resistance. Wen Dizhi said, "Lord Ku Shu, Lord Ku Shu, this is your daughter! Can you see, can you awaken! "
Using a loved one to awaken the Treacherous Realm was a common method.
However, every Treacherous Obsession was very different, and could not be generalized. For example, the Bird Spirit King Hunt, who had a strong tendency to self-destruct, could not be awakened by this method.
Ku Shu loved his children and family the most. The possibility of awakening him with this method was not small.
Ling Shuang also looked at the father she had "never met", and felt a little nervous.
Although she was the reincarnation of his daughter, she did not have the memory of the past. This father was a stranger to her.
Ling Shuang was raised by Elder Ying since she was young. She did not lack love on Taiyi Mountain. It could be said that all the strong people on the mountain doted on her, but deep in her heart, she still hoped to see her biological parents.
Her feelings were complicated.
Ku Shu, who was inside the Treacherous Body, did not have a clear perception of the outside world. He was deeply trapped in the cage of Obsession, and could not escape. However, his children were his strongest Obsession. When the living Ling Shuang appeared in front of him, this information was like a beam of light shining into a dark world.
The cage that bound him broke inch by inch and shattered … "Did she not wake up?"
After waiting for a long time, a long-haired monster could not help but ask.
"What nonsense are you talking about?"
All the long-haired monsters stared at him fiercely. The long-haired monster was so scared that he immediately shut up.
At this moment, Ku Shu suddenly raised his hand slowly and stroked Ling Shuang's face. His eyes were full of love as he slowly opened them.
Although the long-haired monsters already knew that Luo Zheng had lost his irregular greatsword, they were originally immersed in a sorrowful atmosphere. But the moment they saw the Spiritual King Bittertree awaken, all their sorrows were thrown away.
At least … they had completed their mission.
Ku Shu stared at Ling Shuang's face for a long time, and his face was full of gratification. Then he slowly moved his eyes to Luo Zheng.
"Young man, was it you who brought me out of the Earth Altar?"
Ku Shu asked.
Luo Zheng nodded, "I am ashamed. I took Master Ku Shu's sword, but it was taken away from me."

Chapter 3810
Ku Shu had been taken into Luo Zheng's Sumeru Space, so he was basically cut off from the outside world.
He didn't know about the loss of the sword.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, his hand trembled, and he looked surprised. "It fell into the hands of the Snake Spirit King?"
"No, it's an existence stronger than the Snake Spirit King," Luo Zheng replied.
Thus, Luo Zheng recounted the battle that had happened earlier.
When it came to the Origin Divine Blood, Ku Shu was as excited as the others in the Mansion of Great Guessing, so the topic went back to Elder Xue, and he repeated what he had said before.
After listening, Ku Shu's heart couldn't calm down for a long time.
The development of the situation was far beyond Ku Shu's expectations.
Ku Shu hated Sin so much that he couldn't even understand why Sin wanted to destroy the Four Spirits Sect. He had no reason.
Now that the mystery was revealed, everything could be explained.
As Luo Zheng had said, the humanoid body was a degenerate from a higher level world. Once it grasped the irregular epee, it would be impossible to defeat it.
"As you said, the degenerate can degenerate the world layer by layer. His strength should be far beyond what we can fight against. Why is he hiding behind Sin?"
Ku Shu asked again.
"He lost part of his power, or most of his power, and the irregular epee is enough to make up for it," Luo Zheng replied. "The deep space hasn't been completely degenerated, and the Main World has only degenerated a small part of it. This is an example."
If the degenerate really had complete power, then there was no need for him to appear, let alone support the Snake Spirit King. He could just degenerate directly.
"Then … after he gets my sword, won't he begin to degenerate?"
Ku Shu asked again.
After all, he was a creature of the Main World. Living in a world with three layers was as uncomfortable as being blindfolded.
"Before he gets the sword, the degeneration has already begun. He wants to control the entire chaotic world, and then continue to expand it," Luo Zheng said.
Although this was just speculation, it had been confirmed by the Origin Divine Blood.
The Origin Divine Blood had once described the process of downgrading to Luo Zheng. Downgrading was to drop a drop of water into a pond, creating a small bubble. Then, this bubble would be pushed to expand infinitely until all the water in the pond was discharged. The bubble would occupy the original position of the pond, and the downgrading would be completed.
After the Fallen Ones came to the Main World, perhaps because they were not strong enough, or perhaps because they had lost some kind of ability, they could only use the Snake Spirit King to deceive the Four Spirit Gates. The Four Spirit Gates, who were completely unaware, sent the World Builders to drip water everywhere to create bubbles.
However, these bubbles could not expand indefinitely.
Ku Shu also took a deep breath, then asked a question that everyone had neglected, "Elder Xue, where are you?
Where did he go after coming to the Chaos World? "
No matter whether Elder Xue was alive or dead, Ku Shu wanted to know.
The eyes of the long-haired monsters all gathered on top of Luo Zheng's head. Among the people present, only Taishang Laojun had contacted Elder Xue.
"When he came to Jade Clear Heaven, he gave me a big dream and asked me to travel around the Main World … Later, he left. He didn't tell me where he went," Taishang Laojun replied.
"He didn't tell you where he went …" Ku Shu pondered for a moment, "Did he come in person, or was it just a phantom?"
This question stunned Taishang Laojun. He really didn't pay attention to this point at the beginning.
After all, he had been hiding in Jade Clear Heaven. In the face of a "savior" who suddenly appeared, Taishang Laojun was excited. Naturally, he didn't notice other details.
As an expert of the Immortal Realm, the memory hidden deep in his soul was eternal. After Taishang Laojun closed his eyes, he began to search for the memory of the past.
When Taishang Laojun opened his eyes, he had a strange look on his face. Then he said, "Elder Xue did appear suddenly. At that time, I thought he came here by using the Great Space Moving. When he left, it was even more sudden. He suddenly disappeared in front of my eyes, and there wasn't even a trace of space fluctuation …" After hearing Elder Xue's words, Ku Shu's face showed that he was interested. "That might be the projection of the Heavenly Lattice. He directly projected himself from a higher world. I'm afraid Elder Xue didn't come here in person …" "But the Weapon Refining Method and the Golden Brahma Book page …" "It's not difficult," Ku Shu said, "So Elder Xue is probably alive, and probably still in the deep space …" Wen Dishi couldn't help but interrupt Ku Shu, "Lord Ku Shu, now is not the time to discuss whether Elder Xue is alive or dead. Now, how should we deal with the degenerates?
Even Luo Zheng, who merged with the Origin Divine Blood and got that sword, was defeated! "
Of course, Ku Shu understood that the current situation was very dangerous. It could be said that their lives were hanging by a thread.
The long-haired monsters present had been enduring in this hellish place for so long because they wanted to return to the main world one day. Now that their hopes were dashed, how disappointed were they?
However, Ku Shu had always been calm. No matter how serious the situation was in front of him, he still looked gentle and elegant.
To be able to face the worst result with the best attitude, this was the leader of the Human Soul Sect.
"There is more than one sword in the deep space," Ku Shu said.
The long-haired monsters all looked surprised. Wen Dishi was even more surprised, "More than one sword? Is there a second one?"
Ku Shu nodded, "I'm sure there is a second one, but it might not be a sword. It might be a knife, a spear, or even a wine cup. But it definitely exists."
Luo Zheng knew that this was a serious matter, so he asked, "Master Ku Shu, why are you so sure?"
Ku Shu smiled faintly, "The structure of the deep space is completely different from that of the main world. The main world is dominated by the Four Spirit Sects, while the deep space is divided between the Dan Clan and the Yang Clan. These two clans have been fighting with each other for countless years. Their war continued until the deep space collapsed."
"Then these two clans are probably evenly matched," Luo Zheng speculated, "But the result of a long war is that one side will rise and the other side will weaken. It's very difficult to maintain such a balance."
"Yes," Ku Shu nodded, "The thing that maintains the balance is that sword. It belongs to the Dan Emperor of the Dan Clan, while the Yang Clan has another object, which has almost the same ability."
This was not Ku Shu's speculation. When he got this sword, he also found some information from the Dan Clan. It was from this information that he learned that the Yang Clan had the same ability.
Ku Shu even tried to find it, but he didn't succeed. After all, the collapsed deep space was an extremely dangerous place.
At this point, Luo Zheng suddenly understood, "So now we have to find a way to find this object?"
Ku Shu nodded, "So I have to make sure that Elder Xue is still alive in the deep space. We can't go back to the main world, so we can't go to the deep space. If we want to find the other object, we can only rely on him."
Just now, everyone was still immersed in despair and doomsday mentality. Even Luo Zheng couldn't avoid it. Ku Shu was the only one who wasn't affected at all. And he could find a glimmer of hope in such a short time. He was born with this talent.

Chapter 3811
The atmosphere in the passageway relaxed a little.
Although they understood that the hope Ku Shu mentioned was very slim, it still gave them the value of existence.
"If Elder Xue is still alive, how can we contact him?"
Wen Dizhi suddenly asked.
He didn't mean to pour cold water on them. This was a very realistic problem.
Now they were in the third grid world. To find Elder Xue, they had to cross the main world and enter the deep space.
But after that catastrophe, neither Shift nor the long-haired monsters could return, so the entire main world became a barren land.
Although some creatures and races had reappeared in the main world after such a long time, these creatures couldn't be compared with the past.
The long-haired monsters all looked at Ku Shu.
They were eager to get a definite answer from Ku Shu.
They weren't afraid of death, but they were afraid of losing the meaning of life. If Ku Shu gave them a goal, they would go through fire and water without hesitation.
Ku Shu showed a contemplative look.
They couldn't enter the main world … and couldn't go to the deep space … unless Elder Xue took the initiative to project the sky grid, but that was wishful thinking.
"Master Ku Shu, two of our human race are in the main world," Luo Zheng said.
"Two humans in the main world?"
Ku Shu was surprised. "They haven't experienced the Scarlet Jade Ritual, so they can't move around in the main world, right?"
The Scarlet Jade Ritual was a unique method of the Four Spirit Gates. It could let creatures from the third grid world enter the fourth grid world.
Now that the Four Spirit Gates couldn't use the Scarlet Jade Ritual, it was even more impossible for others.
"One of them can't move around, but the other one is my son. Although he hasn't experienced the Scarlet Jade Ritual, he can move freely in the main world," Luo Zheng said.
"Oh?"
Ku Shu's eyes lit up. "Where is he now?"
"He has climbed to the top of the Holy Pillar," Luo Zheng answered.
"Is there such a strange thing?"
"Living beings from secondary realms who haven't gone through the Scarlet Jade Ritual are idiots when they enter the Main Realm … I've captured some people before, and they were all powerful beings from three realms. However, the moment they stepped into the Main Realm, they became blind and deaf, forever lost!"
Back then, the Scarlet Jade Ritual was a method discovered by the people from the Great Conjecture Institute. Everyone present was very clear about this. They had conducted many experiments on creatures from the third grid world, and they were very clear about the iron law: any creature born in the third grid world would be confined to the third grid world for the rest of their lives. It was impossible for them to survive in the main realm without relying on external forces.
Even with Jiang Ziya's talent, he could only barely walk after countless attempts.
Ku Shu didn't question it like the other spirits. He asked directly, "Is there any way to contact him?"
Luo Zheng thought for a while before replying, "Yes, he can send messages through a Nirvana Realm token, but it might not be possible for now. He's adjusting the ability of the Nirvana Realm token …"
Ku Shu clapped his hands three times in a row.
Those who knew Ku Shu knew his habit. When he was very excited, he would clap his hands.
"I've always believed that fate plays tricks on people. The high and mighty deep space still gives us a chance. How can we not seize it?"
Ku Shu smiled.
The tunnel was peaceful, and there was even a reunion between father and daughter.
However, the Nirvana Realm wasn't so lucky. A huge disaster was underway.
When the beings of the 33 Heavens on the other shore saw the golden pillar of light from top to bottom, all of them were left speechless.
What kind of existence could have such a supernatural power? It could directly penetrate the Nirvana Realm! Tongtian and the Yuan Ling Civilization were the ones who sensed the danger in advance.
They didn't participate in the battle in the Clear Jade Sky, but they knew about it. At the same time, they also knew that the Nirvana Realm would probably undergo earth-shaking changes.
From the perspective of the Yuan Ling Civilization, they definitely hoped that the Snake Spirit Sect would win.
Tongtian was thinking about how to negotiate with the Monkey Spirit Sect after the Bird Spirit Sect won. While he was waiting in the Shang Qing Sky, he noticed that the water of the Divine River began to flow backward. Since ancient times, the Divine River only flowed in one direction. Flowing backward meant that there would be great chaos in the Clear Jade Sky.
Then he saw circles of black silhouettes in the sky, and huge purple-black energy balls slowly fell! These purple-black energy balls were so powerful that almost nothing could stop them. After the energy balls eroded the Clear Jade Sky, they began to fall toward the Shang Qing Sky. If no one stopped them, these energy balls could swallow the Nirvana Realm! The humanoid didn't intend to stop them for the time being.
A purple streamer spread from afar. As the purple streamer spread, a huge bird shape appeared in front of the humanoid. It was the unawakened Bird Spirit King, Shou.
In fact, Shou could never be awakened. It had been controlled by the humanoid. Once the Snake Spirit King failed, the humanoid would activate the Bird Spirit King, which was its backup.
However, in the battle with Luo Zheng, the humanoid used a clever method to seize the sword, and the Bird Spirit King lost its chance to fight.
However, the humanoid didn't choose to kill it. Instead, he made it his mount.
Shou obediently lowered its head, and the humanoid stepped on the bird's back.
Because the Clear Jade Sky had been swallowed by the energy balls, the humanoid could directly look at the Shang Qing Sky below. Although it was far away, he still found the Sect Leader through the gaps of the energy balls.
The Sect Leader naturally saw the humanoid in the sky, and his heart suddenly tightened.
Although he was mentally prepared for the situation, it seemed to be a hundred times worse than he imagined.
The entire Clear Jade Sky was destroyed?
And the Bird Spirit King was enslaved by that weird guy?
Was there anyone who could tell him what had happened?
The gaze was like the claws of a monster, directly grabbing the Sect Leader's heart.
He hurriedly took out the Ring of Descension. As a smart person, saving his life was the most important thing now. After all, his biggest backer had met with misfortune.
"Ha …" The humanoid saw the Sect Leader's action of running for his life and just let out a faint laugh. He rode the Bird Spirit King and left.
The Sect Leader pulled the Ring of Descension and froze in place. As the leader of the Wu Kong Clan, he still had considerable weight in the Nirvana Realm. However, he was directly ignored by that guy. A sense of humiliation rose from the bottom of his heart, and he even had the impulse to fight with that guy.
However, looking at the slowly descending purple-black energy ball, reason prevailed in the end. After the guy used the Ring of Descension, he disappeared from the Shang Qing Sky.
Soon after, the Clear Jade Sky disappeared, and the purple-black energy ball appeared in the sky above the Tai Qing Sky.
There were many Nirvana Realm races in the Tai Qing Sky. They never thought that the Clear Jade Sky would be destroyed one day, so when they saw this scene, their expressions were extremely interesting.
Some of the Nirvana Realm creatures reacted quickly and began to escape to the thirty-second Ping Yi Sky, but most of them were stunned in place. When they reacted, there was no chance to escape.
They watched themselves, their companions, and their home that they had lived for hundreds of millions of years being destroyed.

Chapter 3812
In the Mother World.
A golden ring appeared on the black ship.
Then a human silhouette appeared under the golden ring. Tongtian had arrived in the Mother World.
"Sir Sect Leader, why did you suddenly descend …" Shen Tu hurriedly greeted him.
Generally, people in the Mother World would greet the black ship before descending and wait for arrangements to be made before descending.
Tongtian was in such a hurry that something big must have happened in the Mother World. Shen Tu made a judgment in his heart.
"The Three Pure Sky has completely collapsed." Tongtian's eyes were still a little dazed. He felt that what happened was a little unreal.
It was not that he had never been to the Jade Pure Sky, nor had he never seen the fighting power of the Shifters. Destroying the Three Pure Sky was not an easy task.
"What!"
Shen Tu covered his mouth.
The Three Pure Sky represented the top level of the Nirvana Realm. How could it be completely destroyed?
"Who can destroy the Three Pure Sky … Is it the Spirit Snake King?"
A voice appeared beside Tongtian, and then a dark green grass suddenly grew on the deck of the black ship. It grew rapidly, bloomed, and bore fruit, forming a long bean pod.
After the bean pod opened, there was a green creature inside. This creature blurred and turned into Evil Deities. The voice just now was the voice of Evil Deities.
Seeing Evil Deities appear in such a way, Tongtian's eyes showed appreciation. This guy was getting more and more familiar with the rules of the Mother World.
Before, he could possess someone, but now he simply created a creature to possess.
"It's not the Spirit Snake King. It's a weird-looking guy who looks like a human," Tongtian shook his head and said.
"What's his origin?"
Evil Deities tilted his head and said.
"I don't know," Tongtian replied.
"Even you don't know?"
Evil Deities raised his eyebrows.
Evil Deities was now even more arrogant. In his view, Tongtian was useful now to provide him with information. If he couldn't even provide the most basic information, this person was almost worthless in his heart.
"I didn't go to the Jade Pure Sky, so I don't know what happened there." Tongtian frowned. He saw contempt in Evil Deities' undisguised attitude, which made him a little unhappy.
"What about the Bird Spirit Sect?
They … "
"The Spirit Bird King was subdued by the other party and had no ability to resist," Tongtian continued to answer.
Right now, Bird Spirit Sect had fallen apart. The Wu Kong Clan had completely lost their support. The only thing he could rely on right now was probably the home world of the Evil Deities. People had to lower their heads under the eaves. No matter how arrogant and rude the Evil Deities were, he could only endure.
"Even the Spirit Bird King was subdued?"
Evil Deities finally showed a cautious look. After all, he had seen the Monkey Spirit King, so the Bird Spirit King shouldn't be too far off.
Unfortunately, the Prime of Tongtian's knowledge was too limited. The Evil Deities still could not determine the strength of the other party.
But at this moment, a golden halo appeared in the center of the black ship.
The three of them looked over at the same time, their hearts filled with astonishment. Someone else was about to descend?
Who was still alive in the Jade Clear Heavens?
Under the golden halo, a silhouette slowly appeared, showing the shape of a large bird.
"Bird Lord?"
Evil Deities' eyes flashed.
Soon, the Bird Lord's figure completely descended. It was one of the three Bird Lords of the Bird Spirit Sect, Han Ge.
"Sir Hange?
You … "The Prime of Tongtian was also very surprised.
"Jade Clear Heavens was destroyed. I was lucky to escape," Han Ge said coldly, his eyes full of undisguised sadness.
"Then the other Bird Lords …"
"They were all annihilated. Luan Hu, Ling Lou, and the others did not escape. Also, everyone on this expedition against the Snake Spirit Sect was killed by the Demoters," Han Ge said directly.
Before Luo Zheng entered the Jade Clear Heavens, Luo Zheng had mentioned the condition of keeping the Bird Lords' coordinates. After all, the Bird Spirit Sect and the human race had always been at odds.
Han Ge's coordinates were also kept by the Monkey Spirit King. When those energy balls descended, his coordinates were naturally destroyed. But the slight difference was that Han Ge, like the Bifid Serpent, had two coordinates and could shuttle back and forth between them.
After his Treacherous Body and coordinates were destroyed, he quickly revived at the second coordinate. The second coordinate was located at the edge of the Jade Clear Heavens. Those energy balls covered the Jade Clear Heavens, but some corners could not be covered.
After Han Ge revived, he used the Ring of Descent and chose to descend to the mother world.
"Demoters?
Is he very strong? "
Evil Deities asked.
Before this, Cold Song had arrived in the mother world and tried to rope in the Evil God. Now that he was completely disheartened, he lost all interest and said, "The power of the Degraded One is not something you can imagine. He has a higher level of power, one level higher than the power of our main world. Everything is over, give up struggling."
Hearing this, Tongtian and Shen Tu were shocked. Was the Demoters really that strong?
Evil Deities smiled noncommittally, "It can't be that you can't even imagine it …"
"You're just a creature from a triplet world. You can't even understand the Main World. How can you imagine the power of the deep space?"
Han Ge said impatiently.
He had always disliked Evil Deities' arrogance. Now that everyone was going to die, he was too lazy to pretend. Naturally, he would not be polite.
The Evil God, on the other hand, wasn't annoyed. He suddenly stretched out two fingers and gently rubbed them together. With a snap of his fingers, a wisp of cyan flame burned faintly along his fingers. "Is this a type of bloodline power from the Main Realm?"
Han Ge glanced at it and said impatiently, "Clear Flame, the sixth ability of the Destruction Quadrant. It's very ordinary. Don't show off in front of me!"
Evil Deities snapped his other fingers and another purple flame rose, "This is also the bloodline power of the Main World, right?"
"The third ability of the Destruction Quadrant," Han Ge snorted coldly.
This was the most commonly obtained bloodline power among the Origin Divine Blood. Han Ge could tell at a glance.
However, Han Ge neglected a detail. Where did Evil Deities obtain bloodline power?
The Prime of Tongtian realized this problem. He stared at Evil Deities in disbelief and said, "Evil Deities, you've never been to the Immortal Painting. Where did this bloodline power come from?"
After the Prime of Tongtian said this, Han Ge also came back to his senses. He looked at Evil Deities with a strange gaze and asked, "You, where did you obtain bloodline power?
Did you inherit the Immortal Realm from the Mother World? "
As far as Han Ge knew, although there were Immortal Realm in the Mother World, the bloodline they inherited was very trashy. It was impossible for them to have the two flame abilities displayed by Evil Deities. Then, where did Evil Deities obtain these two bloodline abilities?
Evil Deities did not answer Han Ge's question. He smiled slightly and said, "Let me perform a magic trick. The third flame …"
"Whoosh!"
Evil Deities gently spat out a white flame from its mouth. It was the twelfth ability of the Destruction Quadrant.
The three flames quickly tangled together.
"Bloodline fusion?"
Han Ge said calmly.
It was surprised that the Evil God had obtained the power of the bloodline, but it was not rare to fuse bloodlines. Among the Four Spirits Sects, there were many people at Han Ge's level who could fuse bloodlines.

Chapter 3813
Evil Deities' expression remained unchanged.
He waved his left hand again, and a fourth flame slowly rose from his palm.
Tongtian's expression became more and more strange.
He knew that Evil Deities had mastered the Three Thousand Divine Daos and had successfully integrated them, but where did this bloodline power come from? Could it be that it was derived from the Three Thousand Divine Daos?
This possibility was too sensational, and Tongtian immediately rejected it in his heart.
"Hua …" The fourth flame merged with it.
Immediately after, Evil Deities transformed into a light purple bloodline power. This bloodline power came from the Life Quadrant, and he did not hesitate to integrate this bloodline power with the previous one.
"Is this the magic trick you want to perform?"
Han Ge said impatiently.
This kind of bloodline fusion performance was meaningless to Han Ge, and showing off bloodline power was even less interesting to him.
"Don't worry," Evil Deities laughed.
"Hua! Hua! Hua … "Evil Deities flicked his fingers, and different types of bloodline power appeared and began to integrate with the previous one.
Seeing so many different types of bloodline power, Han Ge was finally shocked.
This little brat was too strange. How did he get all these bloodline powers?
After injecting nearly thirty types of bloodline powers, the fused bloodline powers in front of the Evil God suddenly became extremely unstable. These fused bloodline powers formed a black and red ball that constantly expanded, shrank, expanded, and shrank. It was like a beating heart that could explode at any moment.
The amount of energy contained in this treasure made Shen Tu and Tongtian's hearts tremble.
If this thing exploded, Evil Deities and Han Ge naturally would not die. One had infinite doppelgangers, and the other had the Treacherous Body, but Shen Tu and Tongtian would not be spared.
"What is this?"
Han Ge frowned. He did not understand what the Evil God was trying to do.
It was obvious that it was very difficult for Evil Deities to integrate these energies.
The power of the Destruction Quadrant was extremely unstable. What was he trying to do … When the black and red ball jumped a certain distance, Evil Deities stretched out his hand and cut a square space to cover the ball.
This square space used the energy of truth and was extremely stable. Even someone like Tongtian would not be able to break it easily.
Evil Deities waved his hand lightly, and a second square space covered the ball, then a third, a fourth, a fifth … Each square space was an inch larger than the previous one. Evil Deities went back and forth until fifty of them were stacked.
Han Ge, Tongtian, and Shen Tu did not speak.
They waited patiently to see what Evil Deities was up to.
Then they saw Evil Deities gently point towards the ball in the square space. "Explode!"
"Zzz —" A strange sound pierced their eardrums.
The black and red ball then exploded, and the square space became a sea of flames.
The upper layer was a pale green flame, while the lower layer was a circular vortex. The two corroded and flowed together.
"Beautiful!"
Shen Tu's eyes glowed.
The flames were bound to the fiftieth layer, so she was no longer afraid.
The flames continued to move down. The first layer of the square space finally couldn't bear it and disappeared with a muffled sound. Then the second layer, the third layer, the fourth layer … "Kuang kuang kuang kuang …" The square space collapsed layer by layer, and the flames became more and more violent.
"Evil Deities, more than twenty layers have collapsed," Tongtian reminded.
Evil Deities looked at the flames without changing his expression and said, "Watch carefully."
"Kuang kuang kuang kuang …" In a few breaths of time, more than twenty layers had collapsed. If a few more layers collapsed, the flames would spread out.
Shen Tu's body emitted traces of spatial power, waiting for the moment the flames erupted to teleport away.
Tongtian was embarrassed to do so. After all, he was in the Immortal Realm. If he acted too cautiously and timidly, he would lose face. Although he was anxious, his face was calm.
When there were only two layers left in the square space, the flames finally stopped expanding and began to disappear.
When the flames disappeared, a black and red object was left in the square space. It looked like a piece of ore.
"What is this?"
Han Ge asked.
The Bird Lords were very sensitive. They could sense an unusual aura from this ore.
Evil Deities reached into the square space and carefully took out the black and red ore. At the same time, he said, "This is an extremely powerful item. Watch carefully!"
Evil Deities threw the ore into the air. While the ore was still spinning in the air, he stretched out his hand and flicked a thin bolt of lightning.
"Crack!"
The moment this bolt of lightning hit the ore, the ore exploded and turned into an energy ball with a diameter of dozens of feet.
"This, this is …" Tongtian's eyes were full of disbelief when he saw this energy ball.
Previously, Han Ge was able to remain calm, but now he was extremely shocked. This energy ball was exactly the same as the one released by the Subdued! "Sir Sect Leader, what's wrong?"
Shen Tu asked in confusion.
"The energy ball that destroyed the Three Pure Heavens is exactly the same as this one," Tongtian said.
Shen Tu's eyes widened. Although she felt that this energy ball was powerful, could it really destroy the Three Pure Heavens?
"This is the power of the fifth space! It's the power of the deep space! "
Han Ge stared at Evil Deities and asked excitedly, "How … how did you do it?"
Evil Deities smiled. "You should be asking me how I obtained the power of the bloodline first."
"How?"
Han Ge asked quickly.
Evil Deities tilted his head and raised one hand over his shoulder. He said neither quickly nor slowly, "All the energy in the Chaotic World is composed of Dao-Fusion energy …" The colorful Dao-Fusion energy slowly grew in Evil Deities' hands.
"Even the Six Great Truths were born from Dao-Fusion energy. This is the foundation of all matter. Dao-Fusion energy and the bloodline power of your main world are the same thing. They can transform and restore each other," Evil Deities continued.
"Impossible!"
Han Ge shook his head firmly.
In fact, the Great Conjecture Institute had theorized about this a long time ago.
However, the Bird Lords were not interested in these theoretical things, and Han Ge did not understand them. So when he heard Evil Deities say this, his first reaction was that it was nonsense. If Han Ge were one of the scholars of the Great Conjecture Institute, he would probably have a different reaction.
This was because the Great Conjecture Institute had theorized about this many years ago. They had made many attempts, but no one had succeeded.
Evil Deities smiled noncommittally. He lowered his hand, and strands of Divine Path energy floated up from between his fingers. Evil Deities was very familiar with using hundreds of different types of Divine Path energy at once.
"Whether it's possible or not, we'll see," Evil Deities said.

Chapter 3814
The divine dao energy that rose from between his fingers fused into an intricate ring.
"What bloodline does Master Cold Song possess?"
Evil Deities asked.
Cold Song understood what Evil Deities wanted to do. He waved his left wing lightly, and a brilliant light flowed from the sharp edge of his feathers. This was an ability to fuse bloodlines, the Space Quadrant, and the Life Quadrant. Although it was only a fusion of three bloodlines, it was very practical, and it was the only one in the Four Spirit Gates who had mastered it.
Evil Deities glanced at Cold Song's wings, and then dozens of Divine Dao energy rose from between his fingers and began to merge into the ring. The entire process was very skillful.
"Whoosh!"
The ring trembled for a while, and a gorgeous light swam around the ring.
"Master Cold Song has a Bloodline Theurgy related to movement techniques. It's very practical," the Evil God commented.
Seeing that familiar light, Cold Song's body stiffened.
His fusion bloodline was the only one in the Four Spirit Gates, and now Evil Deities could create it with just a few glances?
A feeling of having seen a ghost rose from within Cold Song.
"This … is restoration?"
The Prime of Tongtian's expression was excited. "Why are you so familiar with it?"
Evil Deities merged more Divine Dao energy, and the bloodline power in the ring continued to change. He replied calmly, "I've practiced restoring bloodline power with Divine Dao energy millions of times, so it's naturally easy. Now the more difficult part is restoring a higher level of power, which is the deep space that Cold Song spoke of …" After he finished speaking, he spread out his hands toward the side of the black ship.
In the huge square in the distance, tens of thousands of Evil Deities were busy.
When the first Evil Deities proposed the concept of "restoration," it attracted the attention of Evil Deities, and he immediately ordered all the Evil Deities to change their direction and focus on the method of restoration.
In order to speed up, Evil Deities continued to add more bodies into the mix. Soon, three Evil Deities discovered the secret of restoration and separated a bloodline power.
Everything was difficult at the beginning, but after the first step, everything else became simple.
Soon, a second, a third, and a fourth bloodline power appeared … "You can restore all bloodline powers?"
Han Ge asked.
"Two hundred and seventy-three types. Not a single one is missing." After the Evil Deities continued to pour in their divine energy, new bloodline powers were born from the ring. They were layers of diamond-shaped light.
After seeing these diamond-shaped lights, Han Ge's eyes flashed sharply. It felt a great threat! Evil Deities said coldly, "This bloodline power …" "It can perfectly counter Lord Cold Song's bloodline ability, but please don't misunderstand, Lord Cold Song. I'm just showing it off." The Evil Deities clapped its hands, and the ring disappeared. The bloodline power also quickly disappeared.
"Directly using three thousand divine daos to restore two hundred and seventy-three types of bloodline powers …" Han Ge muttered. "How can there be such a genius, how is this possible …" The Four Spirit Gates all knelt in front of the Origin Divine Blood, begging for it to bestow them power.
Those who could obtain one type of power were already the best of the Four Spirit Gates. Those who could fuse several unique bloodlines at the same time were the elites of the Four Spirit Gates … The Four Spirit Kings racked their brains to obtain all the powers of the Origin Divine Blood, but they never succeeded even after the Four Spirit Gates were destroyed. They could only look at the Origin Divine Blood with regret, but this kid directly used three thousand divine daos to reverse engineer the Origin Divine Blood.
Was there still law?
The Prime of Tongtian had once prided himself as the number one person of the Wu Kong Clan, and the most intelligent existence of the human race. Now, standing in front of the Evil Deities, he suddenly felt insignificant. He was facing an unimaginably intelligent fellow.
The Evil Deities ignored the shocked Han Ge and continued, "The power of the deep space is a level higher than that of the Main Realm. The power inside exists in 'form'."
"Form?"
The Prime of Tongtian was a little confused.
"You won't understand." The Evil Deities chose not to explain. Not only the Prime of Tongtian, who was in a three-grid world, could not understand, but even Han Ge, who was in a four-grid world, could not understand. "The energy ball I released before was a destructive form. So far, I can only restore this one type. According to my speculation, there are about a hundred types of 'forms' in the deep space, which is about half of the power of the bloodline."
With each level, the number of types of energy would decrease, and the difficulty of restoring the power would increase exponentially.
Compared to the power of the bloodline, the power of 'forms' in the deep space was extremely difficult. Even for the Evil Deities, it was difficult.
"I'm afraid that this power alone is still not a match for the Descendant." Han Ge was shocked but quickly calmed down. "The Descendant can use different powers of the deep space through the sword, which is to say, different 'forms'."
"Give me enough time, and I can do it too," the Evil Deities said. With his peerless genius, he could infer three things from one example and obtain the first 'form' in the deep space. The original difficulties would be solved easily. "And I've already touched the power of a higher level than the deep space."
As soon as he said this, the Prime of Tongtian and Han Ge could not help but tremble.
Shen Tu, who was listening on the side, was confused. She only felt that the Evil Deities was so powerful that it was beyond her imagination. He easily suppressed the Prime of Tongtian and Han Ge.
At this moment, she was even more confused. What the hell? The power of the deep space is not the strongest power?
"The power of a higher level is no longer a 'form'," the Evil Deities said to himself. "It's a 'field'. All power exists in the form of a field." Han Ge and the Prime of Tongtian were speechless. This thing was beyond their understanding, and they did not know how to ask.
In the Land of Beginning, Nuwa and the others were still under the bloody sky. They still did not know the situation on the other side. Luo Zheng had not returned for a long time, which made them feel uneasy.
Nuwa tried to call the Origin Divine Blood. It should know the situation on the outside world.
However, the Origin Divine Blood seemed to be dead. It did not respond to Nuwa and the others at all. So Fuxi sat cross-legged and took the risk to enter the other side.
The moment Fuxi entered the other side, his body fell rapidly. He should have been in the Night Vision Island.
After stabilizing himself in the air, he looked up and was stunned as if he had been struck by lightning.
"Night, Night Vision Island … Jade Clear Sky … It's all gone …" There were only some scattered remnants around Fuxi. The big and small Clear Sky Platforms had completely disappeared.
After Fuxi retreated from the other side, his face was very ugly.
Nuwa, Donghuang, and the others asked, but Fuxi shook his head and said, "You will know when you go there …" So Nuwa, Donghuang, and the others hurriedly entered the other side. What they saw was naturally a void.
Donghuang's reaction was as panicked as Fuxi's. "This, this is the whole Jade Clear Sky is gone!"
Nuwa calmed down immediately.
"Luo Zheng should be fine."
If something happened to Luo Zheng, the Land of Beginning would not be so peaceful.

Chapter 3815
Hearing Nuwa's words, Donghuang smiled and said, "Goddess Nuwa, you're too concerned. Luo Zheng's real body is in the Land of Origin. We'll know when we see it."
"Yes! Let's go back! "
Nuwa said as she recited the Illusion Breaking Spell and retreated to the Nirvana Realm.
The disappearance of Luo Zheng shocked her so much that she forgot that he was on Mount Li.
After returning to the Land of Origin, they used the Great Teleportation to return to the Jade Platform of Mount Li. Luo Zheng was still sitting on it. His face was ruddy, his breath was even, and the life force in his body was spreading out. If ordinary people just got close to him and bathed in this breath, they would feel refreshed and live longer.
Seeing that Luo Zheng was safe and sound, the haze in everyone's heart was suddenly swept away.
From the time Luo Zheng stood out in the mother world, they had already understood the importance of Luo Zheng. Now Luo Zheng was an irreplaceable hope. If something happened to him, everything would be meaningless.
"Yu Qingtian is gone. Where is Luo Zheng hiding?"
"With his supernatural power, he should be in some space …" "If so, he should have returned long ago. Why hasn't he woken up yet?"
Everyone was speculating about Luo Zheng's situation.
On the Jade Platform, Shang, Ji, and Mo Yi joined in the discussion.
Because they knew nothing about what happened to Yu Qingtian, they could not come to a conclusion. They could only wait anxiously for Luo Zheng to wake up.
Fortunately, the process was not long. After a few hours, Luo Zheng slowly opened his eyes.
"He's awake?"
"Luo Zheng, are you okay?"
"What happened in the Nirvana Realm?"
Everyone asked a series of questions at once.
Luo Zheng did not know how to do it. After a few breaths of silence, he asked, "Where is Elder Ying?"
Lingshuang was most concerned about Elder Ying. Her original purpose of entering the door was to save her grandmother. Unfortunately, Luo Zheng rescued Elder Ying from the Nirvana Realm first. The two had not been able to meet.
"Elder Ying is at Sword Comprehension Peak. Why?"
Nuwa looked a little confused.
Many things should have happened in the Nirvana Realm, but these things should have nothing to do with Elder Ying. Why did Luo Zheng want to see Elder Ying as soon as he woke up?
"Someone wants to see Elder Ying. You must ask her to come," Luo Zheng said.
Nuwa pondered for a while and then looked surprised. "Ling Shuang is still alive?"
Goddess Nvywa already knew about Ling Shuang's disappearance. If there was someone in the Nirvana Realm who wanted to see Elder Ying, it might be Ling Shuang … But how could Ling Shuang appear in the Jade Clear Sky?
What did the destruction of Yu Qingtian have to do with her?
"I'll explain it slowly," Luo Zheng said.
Hearing this, Goddess Nvywa did not ask any more questions. She turned into a stream of light and went to the Sword Comprehension Peak to invite Elder Ying.
Luo Zheng then asked, "Where is the Ring of Descent?"
The Ring of Descent could be used to connect the Nirvana Realm and the Chaotic World. Originally, the other end of the Ring of Descent had been handed over to Nuwa and the others. However, they had used the Ring of Descent at a critical moment to no avail. In the end, they had been annihilated in the energy ball. Naturally, the Ring of Descent had also been destroyed.
Fuxi quickly found the Ring of Descent and placed it in front of Luo Zheng.
The originally pure golden ring was now crooked and its surface was full of potholes. The destruction of the Ring of Descent in the Nirvana Realm had a great impact on the original body in the Land of Origin.
Luo Zheng placed the three Rings of Descent in front of him. He immediately looked up and said, "Help me repair it."
A burst of energy fluctuation came from the bloody sky. A golden light was born from it and hit the three Rings of Descent from above.
"Buzz …" As the bright golden light continued to condense, the crooked Rings of Descent were constantly repaired. In a moment, they had been restored to their original state.
At this moment, two streams of light flew from the foot of the mountain. It was Elder Ying and Nuwa.
"Luo Zheng! You said someone wants to see me. That is Ling Shuang! "
Elder Ying asked cautiously. Her aged face was filled with fear. She was afraid of getting a negative answer.
"It's her," Luo Zheng replied.
This answer made Elder Ying feel relieved. She was old and had lived for countless years. She did not care much about the fight in the Nirvana Realm or the fate of the Chaotic World. After all, not every Immortal Realm expert was as selfless as Nuwa and Fuxi.
However, the only person that Elder Ying was concerned about was Ling Shuang. However, ever since she entered that door, there was no news from Ling Shuang. During this period, Elder Ying was depressed and lived alone on Sword Comprehension Peak.
Now that she heard about Ling Shuang's whereabouts, how could she not be excited?
"Where is she? Where is she?"
Elder Ying asked hurriedly.
Luo Zheng held the Ring of Descent in his hand and said before closing his eyes to operate the True Meaning of Tao, "You will see her soon."
"Phew …" The next moment, Luo Zheng appeared in the tunnel.
He gave the three Rings of Descent to Ling Shuang, Ku Shu, and Wen Dishi respectively. Then, the three of them began to descend.
"Buzz …" The three figures outlined below the three Rings of Descent.
Ling Shuang had just left the Nirvana Realm and was still not used to it. When she heard "Shuang 'er" calling her, she trembled and her eyes glistened with tears. "Grandma!"
Although Ling Shuang was the reincarnation of Ku Shu's daughter and had an indistinct bond with Ku Shu, her feelings for Elder Ying were the most sincere. After this exchange, she threw herself into Elder Ying's arms.
Fuxi, Nuwa, Donghuang, and the Chaos Ancient Gods focused their attention on Ku Shu and Wen Dishi.
This white-furred monster stood there by itself. Just the faintly discernible aura from it made them feel even more pressured.
Nuwa and Fuxi had seen Humankind before. For example, the Three Palaces of Human and Spirit who sought refuge in Yejian Island. However, even Lord Hei and Shen Chengang could not be compared to this Humankind.
"Luo Zheng, why don't you introduce these two?"
Nuwa said.
At this moment, Ling Shuang said, "Grandma, this is my father!"
"Your father?"
Elder Ying looked over with an incredulous expression.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and said, "This is Lord Ku Shu, the Human Spirit King. This is Lord Wen Dishi, the Lord of Great Guessing."
The Human Spirit King was a well-known name. He was also the target of Luo Zheng's expedition to Jade Clear Sky.
Ku Shu nodded at Elder Ying and said, "Thank you for taking care of Ling Shuang in the Chaos World."
Elder Ying was even more shocked. Although she knew Ling Shuang's background was extraordinary, how could she expect her father to be a Human Spirit King?
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others had similar expressions. After a short moment of shock, they bowed one by one.
"I'm Nuwa. Greetings to Lord Ku Shu …" "I'm Fuxi. Greetings to …" "I'm …" Ku Shu smiled and said, "No need to be so courteous. I, Ku Shu, am still alive because of your efforts. I should thank you!"
"It's also because of the Deep Space's protection. I didn't expect my Humankind to be saved by the Human Race …" Wen Dishi echoed.
Next, Luo Zhengcai recounted what had happened in the Three Pure Heavens.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others understood the ins and outs of the whole thing.
"Then, our true bodies … are all dead?"
Fuxi said with his eyes wide open. He didn't expect the situation to be so tragic.
On the contrary, Nuwa was as calm as usual. She pointed out the key point and asked, "As you said, if the sword fell on the person who fell, wouldn't we lose for sure?"
"So we came here to find a chance to reverse the situation," Ku Shu replied.
"There's such a chance in the Land of Origin?
Is it the Origin Divine Blood? "
Nuwa asked in confusion. The Origin Divine Blood could be used anywhere. It didn't need to come to the Chaos World.
"It's not the Origin Divine Blood." Luo Zheng pointed in the direction of the Ultimate Cemetery. "Our chance is there."

Chapter 3816
Nuwa, Fuxi, Donghuang, and the others were puzzled.
The opportunity to reverse the downfall was in the Sinkhole Graveyard?
Although the Sinkhole Graveyard was Grand Supreme Elderly Lord's painstaking effort, it could not even protect itself after the downfall of Chaos. How could there be the ability to reverse the downfall?
Coincidentally … Just as they were puzzled, a bright light suddenly rose from the Sinkhole Graveyard.
Whoosh!
This bright beam of light shot straight up into the sky from bottom to top.
"What is this!?"
"What terrifying energy … Who else in the Sinkhole Graveyard has such a divine ability?"
Fuxi, Donghuang, and the three Chaos Ancient Gods were dumbfounded.
Although Mount Li was adjacent to the Sinkhole Graveyard, there was still a considerable distance between the two massive objects. However, they could still clearly feel the exaggerated power from such a distance! The power of this beam of light far exceeded that of a Primal Chaos Elder God and Immortal Realm expert … Swish … If it wasn't stopped, this beam of light would most likely pierce through the blood-colored sky and hit the outside of the Land of Origin.
However, just as this beam of light approached the blood-red sky, pieces of green honeycomb-shaped energy blocks appeared. Although the beam of light was extremely powerful, it emitted a sharp tearing sound when it hit the energy blocks. The two of them canceled each other out and quickly disappeared into thin air.
"Did you guys do this?
Is this the opportunity you were talking about? "
Nuwa asked.
Luo Zheng was also dumbfounded. Fortunately, he knew everything about the Land of Origin. With a quick thought, he already knew the situation. With a smile on his face, he said, "We didn't do it, but the opportunity is indeed there. Everyone, follow me!"
Luo Zheng waved his hand, and everyone was enveloped by a layer of space. The next moment, they appeared in the Sinkhole Graveyard.
On a mountain wall in the Sinkhole Graveyard, Hua Tianming was still holding Solitary Sword in a daze.
Ever since Luo Nian removed the other end of the link to the Holy Pillar, Solitary Sword had been unresponsive like a piece of scrap metal. Hua Tianming did not mind. According to Luo Nian, he would seek greater power for Solitary Sword.
Today, Hua Tianming suddenly sensed Solitary Sword's abnormal behavior.
Silver yellow patterns suddenly grew on the surface of the originally plain and ordinary sword. These patterns spread from bottom to top, almost covering the entire sword. At the same time, he felt an astonishing energy being transmitted from the sword.
This power was completely different from the previous power. Although Gu Jian's power was strong, it was very violent and difficult to control. It did not match Hua Tianming's temperament.
Now, the energy contained in the Solitary Sword was as vast as the ocean, and it filled Hua Tianming's chest like flowing water.
"Shua!"
He couldn't help but swing his sword. Then, he was shocked by the power of the sword.
This power … was not something that he should be able to control! Luo Nian really did it! While Hua Tianming was deep in thought, Luo Zheng suddenly appeared with a group of people.
"Luo Zheng! Luo Zheng! Luo Nian did it. This sword, this Lone Sword has become so strong … "Hua Tianming was so excited that he wanted to share his joy with Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded with a smile. "You've succeeded!"
If there were no Degraders, Luo Zheng would be as overjoyed as Hua Tianming. After all, Hua Tianming would become Luo Zheng's strongest assistant.
However, the Degraders they were facing now could not be defeated by the main world's power.
"Why is there such a strong power? Even a level 33 Nirvana token is not possible. How did Luo Nian do it?"
Mo asked in confusion.
At this moment, Ku Shu spoke. "Because this sword is connected to the Light of Broken Dawn. That was once my strongest Saint's item."
"So it's a Saint's item …" Hua Tianming murmured. He suddenly reacted and stared at Ku Shu with a strange gaze. "This was once your Saint's item. You are …" "This is the Human Spiritual King Ku Shu," Luo Zheng introduced. "Luo Nian must have climbed onto the Human Spiritual Sect's Saint Pillar."
Hua Tianming was stunned for a while. Suddenly, he took two steps forward and held the Solitary Sword horizontally in front of Ku Shu. "If so, this item should be returned to its rightful owner!"
With Hua Tianming's temperament, he naturally would not covet other people's items.
However, Ku Shu smiled faintly and shook his head. "That was something that once belonged to me. The sea has changed, and the mulberry fields have changed. As the 'original owner', I don't live up to my name. This is your sword, so it should belong to you."
Hua Tianming wanted to say something, but suddenly felt the Solitary Sword being fiddled with. It was Luo Nian pulling the link of the Saint's item. "Luo Nian seems to have something to say!"
"What did he say?"
Luo Zheng asked quickly.
The Solitary Sword itself was not that important. What was important was that it could connect to Luo Nian.
Hua Tianming held the Solitary Sword and patiently sensed it for a while. Then, he showed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. "He said 'Uncle Tianming'. This sword has become very powerful, right?
Are you satisfied? "
This kid was showing off on the top of the Saint Pillar.
"Powerful, very powerful. This is the strongest Nirvana Token!"
Hua Tianming responded.
Luo Nian had spent a lot of effort to embed the black cube on the top of the Saint Pillar. At this moment, he was very proud, especially when he found his father and the others beside Hua Tianming. He fiddled with the link again and said, "If you're not satisfied, I can change it for you. I still have a few places here!"
"That's not necessary. Your father has something to say to you," Hua Tianming said as he handed the Solitary Sword to Luo Zheng. He could see that Luo Zheng and the others were here for Luo Nian.
This kind of communication was very time-consuming. Luo Zheng did not beat around the bush and said directly, "Nian 'er, you've done well. Mastering this sword is enough to make Uncle Tianming the number one person in the Chaotic World. However, the enemy we face is even stronger. We need your help."
"Stronger?
How strong can it be? "
Luo Nian replied disapprovingly.
"Have you seen the deep space?"
Luo Zheng asked.
"You mean there's a lot of debris floating in the sky?
I've seen it. I can see it from a certain position on the Saint Pillar, "Luo Nian replied.
He could see it when he climbed up the Saint Pillar of the Snake Spirit Gate. He could also see it from the Saint Pillar of the Human Spirit Gate.
Luo Zheng continued, "The enemy we face comes from there. Therefore, we need you to go to the deep space to find a person, a person with the surname Xue."
There was another key point in the plan proposed by Ku Shu. Luo Nian could walk freely in the main world, but could he walk freely in the deep space?
Whether it was Elder Xue, Ku Shu, or Shou, their state in the deep space was the same as Luo Zheng's state when he entered the main world. Their vision was dark, and it was very difficult to walk because they did not belong to the fifth grid world.
Fortunately, the deep space was in a broken state. A considerable part of the space had been reduced to the main world, so the Four Spirit Gates had the opportunity to explore the deep space.
Luo Nian did not think about this. He did not care about the difficulty of the task at all. Instead, he was eager to prove his ability in front of his father. "The deep space is high above. How can I go there?"

Chapter 3817
The deep space and the main world were two completely different worlds. With Luo Nian's strength, it was impossible for him to cross over.
"This problem …" Luo Zheng looked at the Human Spirit King.
Luo Zheng didn't even know much about the main world, let alone the deep space.
The Human Spirit King immediately said, "It's in the Eternal Divine Court. There's a teleportation array at the top of the Eternal Divine Court. You can go there through that teleportation array."
The Four Spirit Sects attached great importance to the deep space. It was almost their religion.
Therefore, they spent a lot of time and manpower to build a teleportation array at the top of the Eternal Divine Court. This showed how much importance they attached to the deep space. The Four Spirit Sects monopolized all the resources in the deep space.
"The Eternal Divine Court … is that courtyard chained up?"
Luo Nian asked.
"Yes!"
Ku Shu said.
"I'm afraid it'll be very difficult to activate such a teleportation array …" Luo Zheng asked this time. After all, it was a teleportation array that connected two worlds.
"Don't worry. The teleportation array's energy is supplied by the Time Lock. As long as he can successfully reach the top of the Eternal Divine Court, he'll definitely be able to activate the teleportation array …" Ku Shu said confidently.
Many of the legacies left behind by the Four Spirit Sects were eternal. They could only be destroyed if the entire main world was degraded.
Ku Shu was very patient.
Although the other party was a human with insignificant strength, the hope of the entire world was tied to this human.
He explained his understanding of the deep space to Luo Nian in detail, as well as the possible situations he might encounter.
Hearing Ku Shu's description, Luo Zheng and the others felt very curious.
For example, when people from the three grid worlds saw the main world, they saw countless snow-white light spots. When people from the main world saw the deep space, they saw circles. It seemed that each grid world would create a cognitive barrier for the creatures in the next grid world.
It took the Human Spirit King four hours to finish. In the end, Luo Nian only replied with a "Got it" and didn't reply.
"I hope Luo Nian can make the trip this time," Nuwa said worriedly.
"He can definitely do it. The opportunity is on our side!"
Ku Shu had a confident look on his face. Whenever he was facing a crisis, he would always consider the possibility of failure. Only in this way could he maximize his potential.
Luo Zheng didn't say much. He felt guilty about letting Luo Nian take the risk, but now the whole Chaotic World could only count on him. There was no other choice … Ku Shu felt that everyone was a little depressed, so he smiled and said to Hua Tianming, "The Light of Broken Dawn is very powerful. I'll teach you how to use it, which can fully stimulate the potential of this holy tool …" "Lord Ku Shu, please enlighten me!"
Hua Tianming cupped his hands and said.
After that, Ku Shu took the Lone Sword from Hua Tianming's hands. He gripped it lightly, and the patterns on the surface of the sword became brighter and fluctuated, turning into endless energy flowers that bloomed continuously.
"It's not difficult to control the Light of Broken Dawn. When you use its energy, you have to separate it and release it. After releasing it, you have to return to one …" Ku Shu held the hilt of his sword and tapped it lightly.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …" Bright rays of light shot out in the shape of a gourd. They fluctuated twice and then converged together.
"Buzz …" After converging, the sword rays seemed to become sticky, and their speed was reduced by half. However, the sword rays turned into a strange shape. When they shot into the sky, they divided into hundreds of sword rays. These sword rays contained special rules and flew continuously, dazzling people's eyes.
While Ku Shu was still teaching Hua Tianming, Luo Nian had already reached the edge of the Holy Pillar and crawled along the Chain of Time.
He had crawled back and forth on the chain several times and had already gotten used to the topography of the chain.
Two days later, Luo Nian finally crossed this section of the chain and once again climbed up to the Eternal Holy Court, which was located in the center of the Four Holy Pillars.
"There is a magic array on the roof of the Eternal Holy Court. I didn't find it before …" Previously, Luo Nian had been thinking about how to enter the Eternal Holy Court. After searching for a while in vain, he gave up exploring this courtyard. This time, he went straight to the roof of the upper level.
The main hall of the Eternal Holy Court was octagonal. There was a raised roof in the middle. Beyond the roof was a platform that was ten meters long and wide. At the four corners of the platform were four Time Locks.
Luo Nian observed for a while. The teleportation array that the Human Spirit King had mentioned was most likely on the platform.
After standing on the roof and observing for a while, Luo Zheng jumped onto the platform. The moment he stood on the platform, the four fixed Time Locks began to emit a faint blue light.
These lights were like water droplets. They began to flow along the grooves on the platform. The lights from the four directions constantly intertwined and finally converged into one.
"Whoosh —" Spots of blue light began to converge, forming a diamond-shaped magic array on the ground.
"This is the teleportation array?"
Luo Nian's eyebrows twitched.
He was filled with curiosity about everything. The deep space was also very attractive to him. He wanted to see what a higher level world looked like! Without any hesitation, Luo Nian stepped into the diamond-shaped magic array.
"Whoosh!"
The diamond-shaped magic array began to flicker.
Luo Nian saw beams of light rise from the diamond-shaped magic array. These beams of light drilled into Luo Nian's arm. A hole as thick as a pinky finger appeared on his arm, as if it had been eaten by worms. His flesh and bones as thick as a thumb disappeared! "How can this be!"
Luo Nian was shocked.
Fortunately, he didn't feel any pain. It was as if the hole wasn't growing on his body.
"Whoosh …" Several more beams of light rose. Two of them rose from the bottom of Luo Nian's feet. They pierced through his body like mutton skewers. If one were to lie on top of Luo Nian and look down, they would see a perfectly straight hole.
"This, this … this teleportation array is going to split me into countless parts?"
Luo Nian was indeed shocked. This was equivalent to opening a hole in his head, but he still didn't feel any pain.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …" More and more beams of light rose from Luo Nian's feet. Luo Nian's body was also filled with holes.
As more and more holes appeared, less and less parts of Luo Nian's body remained. In the end, only a small half of his fingers and half of his instep were left. When the remaining beams of light accurately shot at these "broken limbs," Luo Nian had completely disappeared from the Holy Pillar.
The beams of light shot upwards, and Luo Nian felt as if there was a force supporting his body upwards, and upwards … After an unknown amount of time, the beams of light finally reached their destination. Then, the beams of light transformed back into beams of 'flesh and blood.' These beams of flesh and blood pieced together seamlessly, and began to restore Luo Nian's body.
When the last beam of light hit Luo Nian's instep, his body was finally complete. Only then did he open his eyes and look into the distance.
Ku Shu had warned him repeatedly that if Luo Nian couldn't understand the Deep Space World, he had to keep going right.
The Deep Space Scripture had been reduced by more than half. There were many main worlds distributed within it. If he walked all the way to the right, he would reach the nearest main world.
But after looking into the distance, the corners of Luo Nian's mouth curled up high. His face revealed a proud expression.
He could still clearly see these "circles" that formed the Deep Space World!

Chapter 3818
Although it was the first time for Luo Nian to enter the deep space, he still had a hunch that he could understand this space.
Luo Nian had this confidence since he entered the Xuanliang World, so he wasn't too surprised when he saw the environment of the deep space.
He was in a circular secret chamber.
The walls of the secret chamber were carved with simple patterns. Although they looked like some kind of hieroglyph, he couldn't understand any of the shapes described by the characters.
"Should I go to the right?"
Luo Nian took a few steps and chose the passage on the right. Looking along the passage, he saw a broken path. The other end of the passage was broken, and the end had been reduced to a space of four spaces.
Ku Shu had prepared this path for Luo Nian because he was afraid that Luo Nian couldn't move freely in the deep space, so it was a good choice to walk with a part of the space of four spaces.
Now Luo Nian had no obstacles in the deep space, so he didn't need to choose this broken path.
Exiting the passage on the right, he walked toward a path in front of him.
This was a long and narrow passage. The passage was paved with transparent bricks, and each brick had countless small rings emitting light. It was these lights that illuminated the entire passage.
Measured according to the scale of the world of the third space, this passage was about three thousand feet long. He reached the end in a short while.
When he stepped out of the passage, a burst of dazzling light made him dizzy. After slowly adjusting to it, he looked up and was shocked by the wonderful scene in front of him.
There was a huge golden halo hanging in the sky, which projected endless light in all directions.
"Is this the sun in the deep space?"
Luo Nian was shocked.
Although Luo Nian's cultivation was not high, what he had seen over the years had greatly expanded his vision. His vision was not inferior to those powerful figures in the Chaotic World.
Only half of the ring-shaped sun was intact, while the other half was in a broken state. The golden fragments had turned into ribbons, still emitting heat and light.
"Half of the sun has been degraded, while the other half is intact. Was it because the person who degraded it was not powerful enough?"
Luo Nian murmured.
After looking away from the ring-shaped sun, Luo Nian immediately looked straight ahead. What appeared in the horizontal direction was the huge wheel-shaped building, and Luo Nian was at the edge of the wheel.
After communicating with the bitter tree, Luo Nian also had a general understanding of the deep space. This wheel-shaped building was called "Skywheel City" by the Four Spirits Sect. It was the most magnificent building in the deep space. Most of the excavation of the deep space by the Four Spirits Sect revolved around Skywheel City.
"We have never been close to the center of Skywheel City. The structure there is extremely complex. We have tried many times but failed to go there. I suggest you set that as your goal."
This was Ku Shu's suggestion to Luo Nian.
"I wonder if that Xue guy's soul is inside …" Luo Nian curled his lips.
Although he was overjoyed to accept this mission, the Human Spirit King had given him too few hints, and the Four Spirit Sect's understanding of the deep space was like a blind man groping for an elephant. Their efficiency was extremely poor, and he was afraid that they would not be as clear and real as Luo Nian's!
After being confused for a while, Luo Nian still walked towards the center of Skywheel City. No matter what, he was carrying the hope of the whole human race, the whole human spirit, and the whole chaotic world.
Thinking that he had such a difficult task on his shoulders, his heart burned with passion.
Now that he was so important, he was overjoyed …
Dozens of huge paths radiated from the center of Skywheel City, which were connected to the outer edge of the wheel-shaped building. Luo Nian walked on one of the paths.
At first, Luo Nian walked cautiously. He was afraid that some strange things would suddenly appear in Skywheel City.
It must be known that even the monsters in the chaotic world were enough to make Luo Nian suffer, let alone the things in the Xuanliang world. The monsters in the deep space could only be stronger and more terrible. Any one of them could take his life.
But as Luo Nian walked, he observed his surroundings. About an hour later, it was quiet all around. Especially since he was the only one on this large and wide path. The fear in his heart gradually dissipated, and his gait gradually became exaggerated.
"Senior Jiang Ziya can't even move an inch in the Xuanliang world. If I drag him into the main world, what will happen?
It will be worse than the Xuanliang world. I can't even move … "Luo Nian thought.
It was a pity that climbing the Holy Pillar took too long. Even without those statues blocking the way, it would still take more than two months. Otherwise, he would have really brought Jiang Ziya up.
"Rustle …"
While Luo Nian was walking and thinking, a strange sound suddenly came to his ears.
It was like the sound of sand sprinkling on a wooden board.
He, who was originally relaxed, suddenly stopped. With a suspicious look, he looked at the path in front and behind.
There was nothing …
Was it an illusion?
Luo Nian shook his head and continued to walk.
After a dozen steps, the rustling sound came to Luo Nian's ears again.
This time, he heard it very clearly. The sound came from the back of the path!
The path itself was suspended in the air. Luo Nian couldn't see what was on the other side. Now, he didn't dare to look. In a hurry, he directly ran.
"Sha sha sha sha sha …"
Luo Nian ran faster, and the frequency of the rustling sound also increased.
The thing on the other side of the path had been following him!
The fear of the unknown cast a shadow in his heart. He didn't think he could counter that thing. He had no choice but to speed up.
"Sha sha sha sha sha …"
As Luo Nian walked farther, the rustling sound on the other side became more and more intense. More and more things joined in the chase.
After running like this for several miles, the rustling sound got closer and closer. Luo Nian glanced at the two sides of the path, and his face turned pale with fright.
Black "sticks" as thick as fingers appeared on both sides of the path. The rustling sound was the sound of these black sticks rubbing against the ground.
And on the other side of these black sticks, there were pancake-shaped objects. Around these pancake-shaped objects, there was a circle of sharp teeth.
"Spiders …"
A bone-chilling feeling struck his heart.
These creatures in the deep space were very similar to spiders, but their legs were thinner and their bodies smaller. Their appearance was even more bizarre and terrifying!
"That Human Spiritual King is a liar!"
Luo Nian shouted in his heart.
Ku Shu had talked to him in detail for four hours, but he didn't mention these terrifying monsters!
In fact, Ku Shu couldn't be blamed for this.
The situation in the deep space was very similar to that in the Xuanliang World. After an incomplete degradation, the powerful beings that had once dominated the deep space were all dead. Even the weakest creatures were wiped out.
But time was the best antidote. After more than a thousand chaos epochs, the deep space that had been reduced to a forbidden land of life gradually gave birth to some strange creatures. These "spiders" were one of them.
"Rustle …"
One of the "spiders" was the first to approach Luo Nian. One of its black slender legs stabbed at Luo Nian like a javelin.
Luo Nian nimbly dodged this stab. But before he could land on the ground, he felt a pain in his chest. Another black slender leg pierced through his chest. Then, his feet left the ground and his body was directly lifted up.

Chapter 3819
Luo Nian did not have the slightest room to resist. After being picked up in the air for half a circle, he was thrown on the back of the "spider".
Although his chest was pierced, the wound was not fatal. Luo Nian wanted to roll over to break free from the "spider", but the fangs on the back of the "spider" suddenly grew and formed a cage to imprison him.
After capturing Luo Nian, the other spiders scattered back to the back of the passage.
The spider that caught Luo Nian ran forward with its long legs.
Sitting on top of the "spider", Luo Nian stopped the bleeding on his chest and stretched out his hands to grab the two fangs and tried to pry them open.
But as soon as his hands burst out with power, the two fangs suddenly turned red, like two pieces of red-hot iron.
Luo Nian quickly released his hands.
"I can't get away …" Luo Nian said helplessly.
In the Mysterious World, Luo Nian's luck had been relatively good, and he had not encountered any crisis.
Even the most troublesome bronze statues, he only needed to lead them down and let Jiang Ziya kill them.
Now, for the first time, Luo Nian faced these indescribable things. His face looked calm, but his heart was very flustered.
The only consolation was that the "spider" had only trapped him and did not swallow him. Moreover, the "spider" itself was moving toward the center of the "Skywheel City", and its speed was ten times faster than Luo Nian's.
"Sha sha sha sha …"
The passage of the Skywheel City did not seem to be far, but the actual length was amazing.
After ten hours, they had only walked less than half the distance. After a full day and night, the "spider" brought Luo Nian close to the center of the Skywheel City.
If Luo Nian were to walk on this road, it would take at least ten days. It could be regarded as an indirect help, but he was not happy at all.
After approaching the center of the Skywheel City, the "spider" carrying him entered a wide arched building.
As soon as he entered, Luo Nian saw many "spiders" slowly moving forward in a line, and these "spiders" also carried a variety of creatures on their backs.
On the back of the "spider" in front of Luo Nian, there was a round bug imprisoned. The bug kept trying to struggle, but it couldn't escape those sharp teeth. Occasionally, the bug's body would come into contact with the sharp teeth, and it would be scalded by the scalding sharp teeth.
A little monster with long arms, legs, and a tail was locked up on the back of a "spider" in front of them. The little monster sat quietly in the cage with sharp fangs. Its red eyes stared at Luo Nian, and there seemed to be a faint smile on its face.
Luo Nian frowned. He looked past the little monster and continued to observe the other trapped creatures.
The things in the deep space were mysterious and incomprehensible in the eyes of the creatures with four and three compartments. Even their forms were indescribable. However, in Luo Nian's eyes, they seemed somewhat bottomless.
Most of the creatures that were sent here were very primitive. The only one that seemed to have intelligence was that little monster …
The long line of "spiders" moved three steps with each step. Luo Nian felt uneasy. These spiders definitely didn't bring him here to watch a show. He just didn't know what kind of trouble he would encounter.
After moving a certain distance inside the arched building, a triangular platform appeared in front of them. At the bottom of the platform was a gap about a meter wide. The "spiders" were tightly wedged into the gap, and it was perfect for sending the prey in the cage into the triangular platform.
Luo Nian was concentrating on observing the triangular platform when he suddenly saw a flash of golden light and a strange cry. Then, the "spider" retreated from the triangular platform.
The prey on the back of the "spider" had disappeared, leaving only bits and pieces of carbide. The "spider" dumped the carbide on the ground and left.
"Dead, dead. This is going to be troublesome!"
Luo Nian stared blankly at this scene.
What were these spiders trying to do …
Did they capture these creatures from so far away just to burn them to death?
One by one, the "spiders" entered the triangular platform. After a flash of golden light, the prey on their backs had been burned to ashes!
Not long after, it was the turn of the little monster with long arms, legs, and a tail.
The little monster seemed to be quite calm. That distinctive face of his had a smile on it from beginning to end.
"You're about to die, and you're still smiling." Luo Nian bit his lip.
But after waiting for a while, the golden light in the triangular platform didn't light up. The "spider" dragged the little monster out unscathed. After the little monster came out, its smile became even more brilliant. It even stretched out its hands and made a cutting motion on its own neck, making a sound like a pig's howl.
Finally, he saw a living creature come out alive. Luo Nian was overjoyed. No matter what, there was a chance of survival in the triangular platform. At least he had a chance!
"Sha sha sha …"
Next was the round insect in front of Luo Nian. A few breaths after the insect was sent in, a flash of golden light lit up. By the time it was carried out by the "spider", it had been burned to ashes.
"It's my turn!"
Luo Nian took a deep breath and adjusted his mental state to 120%.
After being sent to the golden platform, a huge mirror appeared in front of him.
On the left side of the mirror, there were 15 small squares neatly arranged. On the right side, there was only one small square.
"This is … a test?"
Luo Nian was stunned for a moment. He quickly reached out and moved the small square into the 15 smaller squares, forming a complete large square.
After he finished this step, the scene on the mirror quickly changed again. This time, there were more than a dozen squares mixed together. What Luo Nian had to do was rearrange them …
"That's it?"
He completed three questions in an extremely short time and passed the test. The "spider" carried him out again.
These questions were easy for a three-year-old, so Luo Nian naturally completed them with ease. But after all, he had just walked on the edge of life and death. He felt relieved.
"These spiders catch prey to filter out intelligent creatures. Unintelligent creatures are directly burned to death, while intelligent creatures can live …"
The naked man's heart calmed down a lot.
No matter what the other party was planning, as long as it was a creature he could communicate with!
After the spider carried Luo Nian out of the arched building, it went down the stairs to a huge underground space. On both sides of the underground space were cages. These cages also held all kinds of creatures. These creatures had already been screened once. They were all intelligent creatures.
When Luo Nian was sent in, he attracted all kinds of attention. There were even creatures who greeted Luo Nian through the bars, letting out strange cries of excitement.
Since there was a language barrier, Luo Nian couldn't be bothered. When the "spider" found an empty cage, it stuffed Luo Nian into it.

Chapter 3820
The space inside the cage was limited, barely enough for one person to sit cross-legged.
Luo Nian grabbed the bars with both hands and looked around. His mind was in a mess. Who knew what he would face next?
There were probably thousands of creatures in this underground space. They came in all shapes and sizes, and even their languages were different. They were all chattering in different ways, as if they wanted to communicate with each other, but they couldn't understand each other.
"Although these creatures have some intelligence, most of them don't seem to be very intelligent …" Luo Nian frowned. "What the hell is this place? Why do they want to capture me …" Although Luo Nian was smart, he was far from his father's temperament. Although he could be complacent at times, he would show his true colors when faced with a setback.
"Coo coo coo …" Diagonally across from Luo Nian, a white bird was chirping and flapping its wings. It had been flapping for more than an hour.
"Stop it, you're so annoying!"
"Clang!"
Luo Nian roared and punched the bars.
The white bird sensed Luo Nian's anger and paused for a few breaths. Its eyes suddenly glowed dark green.
When Luo Nian looked into its eyes, he felt as if his head had been hammered. The pain was so great that he almost fainted.
"Coo coo coo coo …" After a warning, the white bird began flapping its wings again. Its chirping was even louder than before. Luo Nian hugged his head for a while before recovering. He said helplessly, "Although these guys have gained intelligence, they're still stupid …" The questions on the mirror were very simple. They must have taken into account the cultural barriers of different races. It was just a simple graphical test. How smart could these guys be?
Just as he was feeling depressed, Luo Nian suddenly saw a cage across from him. Inside the cage was the little monster he had seen before.
The little monster didn't make a fuss. Instead, it stared at him with its black eyes and a strange smile on its face.
"This is also a strange guy. Why does it keep staring at me?"
Luo Nian complained. He simply turned over and closed his eyes with his hands covering his head.
Although he didn't need to sleep at this level of cultivation, out of sight, out of mind, he could only isolate himself from the outside world.
A night passed in this state of boredom. The noise of the monsters also continued throughout the night.
When the door to the underground space opened again, a rustling sound came from the door.
Luo Nian got up and looked over from the corner of his eye. He saw a dense swarm of "spiders" pouring in.
When one of the "spiders" came in front of Luo Nian, he saw a pile of broken wooden planks on the back of the "spider". Next to the pile of planks were three square wooden frames of different sizes.
"This is a tangram?"
Luo Nian had played with this kind of gadget in the Cloud Hall before. Ning Yudie had hired a professional to make it. Every piece of wood could emit light.
After Luo Nian glanced at it, he reached out and picked out a few wooden planks and pieced them together. In the blink of an eye, he had filled the first square wooden frame with seven wooden planks.
Childish! Next, he used twelve wooden planks to fill the slightly larger square wooden frame, and then sixteen wooden planks to fill the largest square wooden frame.
"This test is a little more difficult. About the intelligence of an eight-year-old child should be able to do it." After Luo Nian finished, his gaze fell on the large white bird opposite him.
There was no doubt about the strength of the large white bird. Just a glare from it was enough to give Luo Nian a headache. At this time, the white bird stretched its head out of the fence and pecked the wooden planks into the square wooden frame like a chicken pecking rice. Its movements were fast, but the wooden planks were not pieced together properly.
"Da da da, da da da …" The wooden planks were either missing or missing. Not to mention twelve or fourteen, it couldn't even piece together the simplest tangram.
The white bird seemed to know the consequences of not piecing the wooden planks together. Its pecking movements became faster and faster, and its eyes revealed its anxiety. In the end, the more it pieced together, the more incomplete it became. The wooden planks flew everywhere, and a few of them even flew out. It was destined to fail.
"Gu gu gu gu gu …" The white bird stretched out its neck and cried anxiously to the sky.
Luo Nian sneered. "Serves you right. Let's see if you dare to glare at me again!"
This time, the "spiders" gave them more than enough time. After about an hour, the "spiders" left one by one with the unpieced wooden planks.
The originally noisy underground space suddenly became quiet. Most of the monsters knew their fate.
"Bo …" A muffled sound suddenly came from one of the cages. Then, a golden light flashed, and the monsters in the cages were burned to ashes.
"Bo bo bo …" The golden light lit up one after another, and the sound was endless. The monsters were burned to death in the cages one by one.
The white bird clearly knew what it was facing. It struggled madly in the cage, wanting to break out.
Its wings turned into a special form of energy, and it kept slashing at the fence. However, the fence was too strong. Even with the white bird's strength, it was unable to break the fence. It couldn't even leave a scratch on it.
"Bo!"
Following the golden light in the cage, the white bird was burned to ashes. Only a few white feathers floated out of the cage.
Luo Nian saw the white bird die tragically, but he didn't feel happy. Instead, he felt terrified.
Although he had completed the puzzle, he was still very nervous. If there was a mistake in the other party's record, or if his puzzle wasn't complete enough, dying here would be a waste.
When the bursts of golden light disappeared completely, Luo Nian saw that he was safe and sound, and he breathed a sigh of relief.
"Pass …" he said in a hoarse voice.
Just as he finished speaking, Luo Nian's gaze fell on the cage diagonally opposite him.
The little monster's tail was wagging nonstop, and it was still looking at him with a playful gaze.
Luo Nian couldn't be bothered with the little monster. His gaze swept across the cages in front of him, and he counted silently. Basically, one out of ten of the cages would survive. The elimination rate was 90%. The remaining monsters seemed to be relatively smart.
This kind of intelligence test would probably continue. He just didn't know how far it would end.
But what was the point of this test?
If it was a selection of intelligent creatures, they could have just sent someone over … What made Luo Nian the most uncertain was that the first and second rounds of tests were still relatively simple. He could easily deal with them. If the difficulty increased bit by bit, it would be hard to say.
However, he had no choice now. He could only grit his teeth and go through the tests one by one.
Twenty-four hours later, the "spiders" appeared in the underground space again. This time, they presented six unique iron blocks of different sizes.
After seeing these iron blocks, Luo Nian's expression relaxed, and a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth.
"Eight Trigrams Lock …" These iron blocks were locked together in a mortise and tenon structure. Even an adult would have to spend a lot of effort to open them.
Luo Nian had liked to open Eight Trigrams Locks since he was young. He had already memorized the method to open them.
Just as he was about to do it, the little monster suddenly grabbed one of the Eight Trigrams Locks and waved it at Luo Nian. With a gentle rub of its hands, it opened it. Its eyes revealed a provocative expression.
Luo Nian was speechless at this provocation.
The creatures in the fifth grid world all had immeasurable strength. At least, they were much stronger than Luo Nian. Any one of them could be easily killed. But now, they had to compete with these children's toys.

Chapter 3821
The little monster's movements were very smooth. It must have dissected the Eight Trigrams Lock many times.
It could quickly find the trick to the Eight Trigrams Lock. In less than half an hour, it had dissected them one by one. For the rest of the time, it was still staring at Luo Nian, as if it wanted to see what he was capable of.
Because of his previous two experiences, Luo Nian was now able to maintain his composure and was not as anxious as before.
He even observed the other monsters for a while before reaching for the Eight Trigrams Lock. He grabbed the side of the Eight Trigrams Lock with both hands and gently twisted it, easily dissecting it.
The second, the third, the fourth … After dissecting the six Eight Trigrams Locks, Luo Nian smiled at the little monster opposite him. He then used a few of them to piece together the lock.
The two largest Eight Trigrams Locks were joined with the two smallest Eight Trigrams Locks, and then the medium-sized Eight Trigrams Locks. Finally, a strange shape was formed.
These Eight Trigrams Locks were compatible with each other and had endless transformations. As Luo Nian's nimble hands worked, these Eight Trigrams Locks seemed to come alive, constantly changing their shapes.
When Luo Nian had combined all the Eight Trigrams Locks into a large structure, he placed it down and gently pressed on it. The structure collapsed with a bang and returned to its original state of small pieces.
The little monster watched Luo Nian's series of dazzling movements with a look of surprise in its eyes. This thing could be played with like this?
Luo Nian spread his hands at the little monster and leaned on the side of the cage.
When the time was up, the underground space began to clear out the losers again.
Pop pop pop … A series of sounds rang out, indicating that another batch of monsters had been cleared out. There were probably less than a hundred monsters left in the cage.
On the third day, a new round of tests continued. This time, it was a set of exquisite Hundred Chains.
Luo Nian had never seen a Hundred Chains before.
However, he was very smart, so he easily dissected them after studying them in his hands.
In contrast, the little monster opposite him was scratching its head and ears, as if it was difficult for it to solve this thing.
"Can't laugh anymore …" Luo Nian shrugged.
However, the little monster was not stupid. Although the Hundred-Chain Chain was complicated, it tried again and again. It spent more than an hour before it found the technique to solve the Hundred-Chain Chain Chain. Then, it opened the chains one by one.
When the last chain was dissected, the little monster sighed in relief. At the same time, it looked at Luo Nian deeply. It now regarded Luo Nian as a worthy opponent.
Pop pop pop pop pop … Time was up.
Another sound came from the underground space.
Originally, there were only a few monsters left. Now, the voices were sparse.
Then three "spiders" appeared at the entrance of the underground space. One of the "spiders" opened the cage, took Luo Nian out, and locked him on its back.
The little monster received the same treatment.
In addition to the two of them, there was also a black ape about ten feet tall in the underground space. It was also chained to the back of the "spider".
"Three spiders? Are we the only ones left?"
Sitting on Spider's back, Luo Nian realized that the underground space that used to be full was now very empty. Except for the three of them, everyone else was dead! Such an elimination rate was too terrifying! "Rustle, rustle, rustle …" The three spiders carried them deeper into the forest.
At the end of the underground space was a flight of stairs with no end in sight. The three spiders were climbing the stairs at a leisurely pace.
The black ape curled up in the cage and didn't make a sound. The little monster looked around and then locked its gaze on Luo Nian. It was very interested in Luo Nian.
Luo Nian was used to the little monster's strange behavior. He pretended not to see it and simply closed his eyes to meditate.
But at this moment, the little monster suddenly asked, "What … are you called?"
Hearing the little monster's words, Luo Nian opened his eyes. His pupils were filled with disbelief.
The little monster was speaking Sanskrit! The Sanskrit of the Four Spirit Gates! If it were Luo Zheng, Jiang Ziya and the others naturally wouldn't understand. Of course, Luo Zheng could also decipher it with the help of the Tianzhi Civilization.
Luo Nian didn't need to decipher it. He could read and hear Sanskrit … but Sanskrit was the language of the Four Spirit Gates. Why did the little monster in the deep space also understand it?
Could it be that the creatures in the deep space also used Sanskrit to communicate?
Impossible! Luo Nian had already fully understood.
Sanskrit was a culture created by the Four Spirit Gates. It wasn't passed down from the deep space.
"I …" Luo Nian pinched his throat and made a series of sounds.
The pronunciation of Sanskrit was very complicated. For example, in order to speak Sanskrit, Luo Zheng directly asked a group of people to "sing".
Although Luo Nian knew how to read Sanskrit, it was too difficult for him to pronounce it alone. It took him a long time to express what he wanted to say. "You … can speak Sanskrit?"
The little monster nodded and replied in the same half-baked Sanskrit, "You … can also …" "Isn't this nonsense?"
Luo Nian complained in his heart and asked again, "Who … taught you?"
The little monster pointed at Luo Nian and then made a gesture, "Human … spirit."
"Human spirit … surnamed Xue?"
Luo Nian's eyes suddenly widened.
In the four-hour communication between Ku Shu and Luo Nian, there were two things that worried Ku Shu the most. First, whether Elder Xue was really alive. Second, even if Elder Xue was alive, whether Luo Nian could find him.
From the moment the little monster spoke Sanskrit, hope had been ignited in Luo Nian's heart. The little monster's Sanskrit was most likely taught by Elder Xue. If so, he was too lucky to receive news of Elder Xue soon after entering the deep space! The little monster tried hard to understand Luo Nian's words and nodded after a long time. "Yes …" Elder Xue was still alive! Luo Nian was very excited and hurriedly asked, "Where … is he?
Can … can you take me there? "
"He is outside." The little monster pointed in a direction. "We can't get out."
"Can't get out?"
Luo Nian was slightly shocked again.
"Yes, we can never … get out." The little monster nodded.
This news was a blow to Luo Nian's head.
He had thought that he could finally get freedom after going through rounds of tests.
But from what the little monster said, he would be trapped here forever?
"Why?"
Luo Nian frowned, and his face was a little ugly.
"Only the wisest person here can … reverse. Are you … the wisest person?"
The little monster recited melodiously.
Only the wisest person can reverse?
Luo Nian chewed on this sentence.
Along the way, it was a test of wisdom. It was indeed like a selection of the wisest existence.
But the so-called "wisdom" actually had a limit. No matter how smart the brain was, it could not withstand the strongest power.
Luo Nian felt that he was smarter than the little monster and the black ape, but in terms of strength, he could not beat the other party.
What happened in Skywheel City? Why did they have to select the wisest person?

Chapter 3822
Luo Nian and the little monster had a rough understanding of the situation in the deep space after their brief exchange.
Today's deep space was no longer as glorious as it used to be. Although these newly born creatures were from the fifth grid, their strength could not be compared to the Dan and Yang tribes of the past.
Moreover, most of the creatures maintained a very primitive state, which Luo Nian had noticed in the rounds of tests.
But as long as civilization was given time, it could always be rebuilt from the ruins.
In the endless years, some races slowly gained wisdom, established tribes, and began to expand. The little monster came from one of the tribes called "Xiong."
The Hun Tribe was not considered a powerful tribe among the many tribes. In fact, they could even be considered weak. Over the long years, they had been on the brink of extinction twice. There were countless small tribes like the Hun Tribe. In the long river of history, these small and weak tribes were like tiny waves that could be wiped out if one did not pay attention.
When the Xiong tribe was at their most dangerous, they met a human spirit, the Elder Xue that Luo Nian spoke of.
Although Elder Xue was an elder of the Great Conjecture Institute and his strength was at the top level in the Xuanliang world, he was not enough in the deep space. After all, the level of power in the deep space was different.
But Elder Xue had extraordinary wisdom, which was what the Xiong tribe lacked.
He won the trust of the Xiong tribe and joined them as a member. He temporarily led the Xiong tribe to escape from their original homeland and slowly recuperated. At the same time, he taught them how to enter Skywheel City … For ten years, a hundred years, and a thousand years, he did so.
Today, the Xiong tribe was a race that could not be underestimated in the deep space.
This was why the little monster was interested in Luo Nian from the beginning. In appearance, he looked exactly the same as Elder Xue.
"Since … your Xiong tribe is so powerful, why were you captured?"
Luo Nian asked again.
"Captured?"
The little monster thought for a moment. "I … came in on purpose."
Luo Nian was inadvertently captured here and thought that other intelligent creatures were the same, but the actual situation was very different.
The little monster pointed to the black ape not far away and said, "It, and I, came in on purpose …" "Why?"
Luo Nian asked.
"Skywheel City … has the most powerful power. Whoever controls it can dominate … the deep space," the little monster replied.
Currently, there were six powerful races like the Hun Clan in the deep sky. These six races were constantly killing each other, but they couldn't determine a winner. Therefore, they turned their attention to Skywheel City.
This was a legacy left behind by the most powerful 'Yang Clan' in the past. They believed that it contained the power to rebuild the deep space.
But since the destruction of the Yang Clan, the relatively intact Skywheel City has opened a unique mode. This city will kill any trespassers. The only legal way to enter Skywheel City is to be caught by the "Spider".
The creatures caught in Skywheel City would undergo rounds of wisdom tests step by step.
"There's no end to these tests of wisdom?"
Luo Nian's voice was trembling, and his Sanskrit was even less accurate.
"No one has found the end point yet …" the little monster replied.
"Then … most of them are dead," the little monster said.
Its pair of black eyes revealed a determined gaze.
"Most of them will die?
Only a small portion of them could survive?
Why? "
Luo Nian asked again.
According to Luo Nian's understanding, Skywheel City should be a screening method. Those who couldn't pass the wisdom test were bound to die. Those who passed the wisdom test could live. So far, no one had passed the final test, so the creatures who entered Skywheel City were bound to die.
The little monster shook its head. "You'll know soon …" Luo Nian nodded and immediately fell into silence.
Soon after entering the deep space, he could learn so much information from a different race creature. He even inquired about the whereabouts of Elder Xue. This was already the blessing of the God of Luck.
The only flaw was that he fell directly into a desperate situation! "I want to live!"
"I want to get out of Skywheel City alive!"
"Or return to the chaotic world …" He secretly said in his heart, his mood fluctuating.
"Rustle …" The three "Spiders" climbed the stairs patiently. Luo Nian had already found that these "Spiders" were not like living creatures, but like puppets. They were simply giving orders on their own.
After climbing this endless staircase for more than two hours, a wide exit finally appeared at the top.
The exit was a huge square with a circular depression. In the center of the square was a thick chimney building.
"Swish!"
The teeth on the backs of the three "Spiders" retracted. Luo Nian, the little monster, and the black ape were all free.
"Hoo!"
Luo Nian turned over and landed firmly on the ground. The little monster and the black ape followed closely behind.
After landing, Luo Nian found that there was a huge square frame on the ground. This square frame was outlined by red lines as thick as an arm.
Just as Luo Nian was about to take a step forward, the black ape beside him cracked a strange smile. Meanwhile, the little monster flew up and grabbed Luo Nian. "Don't … Don't go …" Seeing the little monster so anxious, Luo Nian asked curiously, "What's wrong?"
"On the ground … lines … go over, die!"
The little monster said.
At this time, Luo Nian was only one step away from the edge of the red square frame. When he heard this, he was shocked and couldn't help but take a few steps back. "So dangerous!"
"Wait, follow me," the little monster said.
After the three "Spiders" withdrew, the red square frame on the ground began to flicker. Two green lines emerged from the edge of the red square frame.
The little monster hooked its finger at Luo Zheng and walked along the green lines. Seeing this, Luo Nian followed closely behind.
As for the black ape, it stayed where it was for a while. Above the red square frame, other green lines appeared one after another. These green lines clearly led in other directions. The black ape chose one of them to enter.
The huge square was filled with these green lines. Luo Nian followed the little monster and after a few turns, they arrived at the left edge of the square.
There was an oval-shaped building here. At the entrance of this building were three Hun tribe members.
These three Hun tribe members were probably waiting for the little monster. When they saw Luo Nian behind the little monster, a strange look appeared in their eyes. One of the Hun tribe members mumbled something and asked the little monster about Luo Nian's identity.
The little monster also mumbled an explanation. The three Hun tribe members looked at Luo Nian with bewilderment. Thus, they opened the door of the oval-shaped building and welcomed Luo Nian in.
There were seven or eight other Hun tribe members in the oval-shaped building. After Luo Nian entered, the small building became extremely noisy. They all used their own language to communicate. After a while, the Hun tribe members stood on both sides, leaving only one Hun tribe member in the center.
This Hun tribe member looked at Luo Nian and spoke with a smile on his face. "I heard you were looking for me?"
He didn't use the incommunicable Hun language or the difficult Sanskrit language, but the human language.

Chapter 3823
Luo Nian had left Jixue space for a while and only used human language to communicate with Jiang Ziya.
Now that he suddenly heard a familiar voice, he didn't react immediately and asked reflexively, "What?
What did you just say? "
The Xiong person said with a smile, "I said, are you looking for me?"
"You're … you're Elder Xue?"
Luo Nian finally reacted.
The Xiong person nodded slightly, looking at Luo Nian with endless interest.
He never thought that someone from the main world would find this place … the Four Spirit Gates were the only ones who could enter deep space, but whether it was human or bird spirits, they couldn't return to the main world, let alone enter deep space.
Elder Xue was very clear that there were still humans in the chaotic world, but they couldn't even walk normally in the main world, let alone enter deep space.
So when he heard this, Elder Xue's blood boiled like boiling water, his excitement was no less than Luo Nian's.
"Elder Xue! Why did you become like this! "
Luo Nian cried out.
Elder Xue sighed and said deeply, "Everything is for survival …" As a creature of the fourth grid world, how difficult was it to survive in deep space?
To reach this step, Elder Xue had experienced many unimaginable setbacks and difficulties.
First, he had to face the obstacles between the four and five grid worlds. Everything he saw after entering deep space was a circle.
"I've been here for a long time and finally got a chance to occupy the body of a Xiong person. It's also because of this body that I have more possibilities …" Elder Xue suddenly thought of a key question and asked, "You're from the chaotic world?"
Luo Nian nodded.
"Then you've seen that person …" Among the humans in the chaotic world, the only one who knew of his existence was Taishang Laojun.
Not to mention how Luo Nian got here, he must have seen Taishang Laojun.
"I've seen Ku Shu." Luo Nian nodded.
"What!"
Elder Xue's voice trembled with excitement. "Lord Ku Shu, he's awake?"
"Yes." Luo Nian nodded.
Although Luo Nian knew Ku Shu's identity, he had only seen Ku Shu through the Nirvana Token and knew his identity. But he didn't think Ku Shu was very powerful, at least not as powerful as his father. So he didn't understand why Elder Xue was so excited.
"How did he wake up?"
Elder Xue asked.
"I think he was saved by my father." Luo Nian shrugged.
"Your father?
Who's your father? "
Elder Xue asked.
"My father's name is Luo Zheng," Luo Nian said proudly.
Elder Xue naturally wasn't interested in a human. He just waved his hand and said, "I've never heard of this person."
Now it was Luo Nian's turn to be unconvinced. "Ku Shu asked me to bring you a message. He said that my father fused with the Origin Divine Blood, but that sword was lost. Therefore, he wants you to find another object, an object that can control the power of deep space. Only my father can control it!
...
....... your father.... your father...............
.. e...
...... Luo....................................
Elder Xue stared at Luo Nian once more, lost in thought.
Naturally, he could understand the relationship between the two. After all, he was the one who taught Taishang Laojun the refining technique. After a while, he asked, "You can walk freely between the Main Realm and the deep space. Who taught you this ability?"
"I don't know. I was born with it." Luo Nian shrugged.
Luo Nian. Jiang Ziya. Luo Zheng. Luo Nian couldn't explain this. Naturally, Luo Nian thought it was his talent.
"Did your father give birth to you after practicing that body refining technique?"
Elder Xue asked again.
"Yes." Luo Nian could confirm this.
Elder Xue was relieved. He smiled and said, "Your father is very powerful, but it's all thanks to me that you can come here to see me."
"Thanks to you?
Why? "
Luo Nian said disdainfully. This Elder Xue was quite thick-skinned. He dared to claim credit even though they had never met.
Elder Xue didn't get angry. He was famous for his good temper in the Great Guessing Institute. "Because I was the one who projected your father's body refining technique from here. Your father's ability to fuse with the origin divine blood is also thanks to me. You can walk between different levels of space because of your father's special constitution. So I created all of this. Do you understand?"
This explanation stunned Luo Nian. "My father's body refining technique belongs to you …." "It doesn't belong to me, but I projected it into the chaos world and taught it to Taishang Laojun." Elder Xue corrected.
"So that's how it is!"
"What do you mean by that sword you just said was lost?"
Elder Xue asked again.
Ku Shu had told Luo Nian everything that had happened in the Chaos World. Although Luo Nian didn't quite understand, he remembered every word, and immediately told Ku Shu what he had told him.
When Elder Xue heard that the humanoid had obtained the sword, the corner of his eyes twitched.
He had stayed in the deep space for a long time. He knew all the secrets that the Four Spirits Sect couldn't decipher. He knew what this meant and what the consequences would be if the humanoid had obtained the sword.
"Ku Shu said that the most important thing was to obtain another object. Elder Xue, do you know what that other object is?"
Luo Nian asked.
Elder Xue walked a few steps, passed Luo Nian, and came to the door of the oval-shaped building. He pointed at the huge chimney in the distance and said, "The object that Lord Ku Shu asked you to find is there. It's also what I've been plotting."
"You still haven't obtained it after so long?"
Luo Nian curled his lips.
Elder Xue didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He shook his head helplessly. "Obtaining that object even has the possibility of reversing the deep space. How could it be so easy to obtain? Look over there, over there, over there …." He pointed at several oval-shaped buildings in the distance. "There are members of other deep space races in these buildings. They have come here for the same purpose as us, to obtain that object. For countless years, the six deep space races have sent countless people here. Countless people have died inside, but none of them succeeded!"
"Isn't it just a test of intelligence?
Send me in. I can succeed! "
Luo Nian said confidently.
Elder Xue glanced at Luo Nian indifferently. His heart moved slightly.
This kid was so arrogant …. He didn't realize the difficulty in front of him.
But Elder Xue suddenly realized that Luo Nian was special. He might really be able to do it! Was it the will of the heavens?
The hope that he had projected in the past had taken a different form and walked to him of its own accord?
"Maybe." Elder Xue's voice was calm and calm. "You can try. But if you fail, you will pay with your life."

Chapter 3824
Luo Nian had been very confident, but when he heard the words "the price of life," his face finally changed.
"What's the probability of death?"
Luo Nian asked.
Elder Xue tilted his head and thought for a moment. "Excluding those who sacrificed themselves before the end of the year, there were about two million people who entered the chimney after the end of the year. None of them succeeded. If you really want me to give you a probability, then the probability is zero."
"Will, will we die?"
Luo Nian asked, trembling.
"Almost. And these two million people are basically the elites selected by the six major clans. They are the smartest clansmen," Elder Xue said.
Luo Nian fell silent.
His experience was very different from Luo Zheng's. He had grown up in a good environment. Although he had experienced some small setbacks, he had never faced death directly.
When he heard the serious consequences, his heart was almost occupied by fear.
Elder Xue said this to observe Luo Nian's reaction. He continued, "Your father, Luo Zheng, lost the sword to that 'humanoid'. Do you know what we will face?"
"We will face an opponent that is difficult to defeat," Luo Nian said.
"It's not that we can't defeat him, but we will all pay with our lives. In other words, everyone will die," Elder Xue said seriously.
Luo Nian panicked even more. He asked, "What about my father?
What about my mother? "
"Everything will collapse. Everything will be degraded. Your father and mother will certainly not be able to escape," Elder Xue said again.
Luo Nian was even more panicked. "This, this … I want to go back! I want to go back to my parents! "
Since he knew there was not much time left, Luo Nian wanted to escape at once.
He had been away from them for a while. It would be a lie to say that he didn't miss them. After all, he came out with a playful attitude at the beginning. Suddenly realizing the seriousness of the matter, his mind naturally changed greatly.
In fact, when Ku Shu communicated with Luo Nian, he had made things very clear. At that time, Luo Nian also realized his importance.
However, Ku Shu didn't want to put too much pressure on Luo Nian. He just told Luo Nian that the task was very important, and didn't directly expose his life and death in front of Luo Nian.
Elder Xue revealed the result. Luo Nian couldn't bear it.
"You will die if you go back. Do you have the heart to see your father and mother die like this?"
Elder Xue asked again.
Elder Xue had lived for so many years, and he had long seen through people's hearts. Although he had only interacted with Luo Nian for a short period of time, he had already grasped Luo Nian's personality.
Arrogant, conceited, playful, irresponsible, but intelligent and possessed extraordinary talent. Elder Xue would definitely not let go of this talent, which was why he made the situation sound so serious.
"What else can we do?!"
Luo Nian lost his self-control and shouted.
Elder Xue stretched out his paw and placed it on Luo Nian's shoulder. "Of course there's another way!"
He pointed at the chimney with his other hand and said, "Your father has the Origin Divine Blood, but he lacks another item. Only if your father obtains this item can he change the situation. This is the only chance!"
"But if we fail, we'll die …" Luo Nian's voice was trembling, and he sounded like he was about to cry.
Luo Nian was like every other young man. He had a dream of saving the world, a dream of becoming a great hero. It was just that he had never figured out what it would take to realize this dream.
"Fail, die, succeed, live!"
Elder Xue said sternly.
To Elder Xue, as well as to the Shifters and Immortals who had lived in the primal chaos for countless years, they could immediately understand the cause and effect. Thus, they would sacrifice themselves without any hesitation.
Donghuang was like this, Nuwa was like this, Jiang Ziya was like this, and even Bird Lord and the other humans and spirits were like this.
But Luo Nian did not.
"I don't want to! I want to go back! Send me back, back to the primal chaos world. I want to see my parents! "
Luo Nian covered his face and said.
"You can't go back. Don't talk about going back to the main world. If you go back to the secondary world, you won't even be able to leave this plaza. Look at the line under your feet. If you take a single step, you'll definitely die!"
Elder Xue pointed at Luo Nian's feet.
The entire plaza was a forbidden area filled with killing intent. All living beings could only stay within a limited area.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Nian suddenly took two steps back and slammed into the wall. His eyes were filled with terror as he looked at the line, as though he was looking at the Grim Reaper.
"This room can only hold ten people. If there are more than eleven people, everyone will die. Thus, one person has to enter that chimney today. Are you willing to be that person?"
Elder Xue continued to press.
"I don't want to! I'm not going! "
Luo Nian shouted again.
In this place where one could die at any time, he was on the verge of breaking down.
"If you don't go, I won't go either. How about we all die together?"
Elder Xue asked again.
"I'm not going!"
Luo Nian resisted.
Seeing Luo Nian's ashen face, Elder Xue's lips curved into a smile. He ignored Luo Nian and turned to wave at the oval-shaped building.
These Hun people were all trained by Elder Xue. Like the little monster from before, they had no intention of leaving alive from the moment they entered this place. They were willing to sacrifice their lives for their own race.
One of the Hun people walked out and stood in front of the green line.
Elder Xue then said to Luo Nian, "I originally planned for ten people to stay here, but because of you, it has to die. Although it's a foreign race, it has parents and brothers. It's also infatuated with this world. However, for the sake of the entire Hun race, it has to sacrifice itself for that fleeting chance!"
Luo Nian watched helplessly as the Hun people left. They followed the two winding green lines to the center of the huge square and entered the huge chimney without hesitation.
A green light appeared on the side of the chimney. This green light slowly climbed up the chimney. One zhang, two zhang, three zhang …
When the green light reached a third of the way up the chimney, it disappeared, replaced by a red light.
Elder Xue closed his eyes and said regretfully, "It's dead."
Luo Nian stared blankly at this scene. After a long while, he said, "So fast?"
"What do you think?"
Elder Xue snorted.
The other Hun people stood up and placed their fists on their chests in silent mourning.
They had long since gotten used to this scene, but seeing one of their own die still filled their hearts with sorrow.
"Since it's so difficult to get that thing, why did we have to go?" Luo Nian was somewhat angry.
"Same reason as you. If we don't get it, the other races will get it, and the Hun race will perish." Elder Xue shrugged.
The gap between races could not be removed. The law of the jungle ruled everything here.
After Elder Xue finished speaking, he turned and entered the oval-shaped building.
From the moment he saw Luo Nian, Elder Xue knew that his chance had come.
He had waited here for so long, but the Hun race had not been able to produce an earth-shattering genius. However, the deep space had still delivered such a character to him.
He had deliberately put great pressure on Luo Nian, and at the same time, he wanted Luo Nian to be able to bear this pressure. Only under such circumstances could he maximize Luo Nian's sense of responsibility.
Now that the pressure was enough, the rest was up to Luo Nian. Rose has changed the website, Rose has changed the website, Rose has changed the website, Rose has changed the website, everyone has saved the new website, new mobile version website
New computer version
, after everyone has collected it, open it on the new website, the old website will not be able to be opened in the future. Rose free of charge, no anti-theft, no anti-theft, no anti-theft, please add the QQ group: 390012843 (group number)

Chapter 3825
Luo Nian leaned against the wall and stared blankly at the distant 'chimney'.
This interesting adventure was over. Next, he would have to face the god of death.
He really wasn't prepared for this …
Ever since he was young, he had heard all sorts of legends about his father from his mother.
He had saved the Cloud Hall, saved the Central Domain, saved the Vast Thousand Worlds, saved the universe …
His father had always been the Child of Destiny. Everything he did was as easy as pushing a boat with the current, as if all these great feats were accomplished in the blink of an eye.
Although he had heard from Ning Yudie that his father had been trapped in death countless times, hovering on the brink of death, hearing about it and experiencing it for himself were two different experiences.
How could he be certain of success in a hopeless situation that no one had ever succeeded?
His father must have faced such a situation before. What was he thinking …?
He sat in boredom for several hours.
The sky gradually darkened.
The golden hoop at the top of the deep space seemed to be covered in a layer of scales, gradually turning from gold to inky black. Night fell, and the faint light shone on the chimney. From afar, it looked like a giant man-eating beast standing tall.
In the oval building, Elder Xue was communicating in the language of the Xiongnu.
The creatures of the deep space had a very unique voice when communicating. They weren't as rhythmic as the creatures of the Origin World. Instead, they emitted very soft sounds, like a group of crickets chirping softly.
Elder Xue was still teaching the Xiongnu. They needed to obtain enough knowledge to deal with the trials of the chimney.
These Xiongnu were aware of their own fate. In order to obtain that impossible probability, they could only desperately absorb any knowledge that could be used.
In the past, the Xiongnu had been very primitive. They couldn't even pass through the first checkpoints, let alone occupy a place in this huge plaza. When the 'spider' captured them and brought them underground, they were directly annihilated by the golden light.
As the night deepened, the black scales on the golden hoop grew thicker and thicker, and the surroundings became pitch-black.
Elder Xue stretched out his hand and lightly drew a line across the wall. A circular flame slowly appeared, illuminating the people inside and outside.
At this moment, Luo Nian suddenly stood up and walked in.
"Have you thought it through?"
Elder Xue asked casually.
"Why would a chimney like this appear here? What's their goal in selecting intelligent creatures?"
Luo Nian asked.
"Good question." Elder Xue had an expression of praise. "While the Yang Clan was destroyed, they had already set up this before they were destroyed. This is actually a magnificent feat."
Although the Yang Race had perished together with the Dan Race, they had left behind this precious inheritance before their extermination. Their purpose was to select an intelligent life form to restore the deep space.
This was a race of universal love. Even though they no longer existed, they still hoped to pass on the civilization of the deep space.
After hearing Elder Xue's words, Luo Nian spat out a mouthful of turbid air. "I've thought it through. I'll go! Can you tell me what to do? "
Elder Xue wasn't surprised by Luo Nian's decision because it was almost inevitable.
"Don't worry." Elder Xue patted the ground beside him and motioned for Luo Nian to sit down. Then he pointed to the "chimney" and said, "I've been confused all these years. Since the Yang family wants to select a successor, why did they set up such a difficult test that no one can pass?"
"Why?"
Luo Nian was also puzzled by this question.
"Because rebuilding the deep space isn't something that ordinary deep space creatures can do. Most of this world has collapsed, and it's filled with four-dimensional spaces." Elder Xue's eyes flashed with wisdom. "They need to select an existence that can control that thing. For example, the Hun Clan can only use the ability of 'condensing energy', which is very difficult to meet their requirements. The other deep space races are facing similar situations."
Luo Nian blinked and said, "But I don't have any ability …"
In terms of ability, Luo Nian only had the power of the Divine Path of the Chaotic World. Not to mention the fifth or fourth dimensional space, even the third dimensional space was not enough.
"But you have the ability to travel through worlds," Elder Xue said. "You can travel through worlds of different levels. This is very powerful!"
"Elder Xue, do you mean that the space in the chimney is a higher level world?"
Luo Nian's eyes flashed slightly.
"I don't know," Elder Xue replied.
"…"
Luo Nian did not know whether to laugh or cry. "Elder Xue, from what you've said, you've been in the deep space for a very long time, and you've also stayed here for a very long time. You say you don't know?"
"I've never really entered the chimney, and no creature has ever returned after entering it. I can only find information about the chimney from the information left behind by the Yang Clan. I can only be sure that it's a very special test, a test of wisdom, ability, and vision. But I don't know what it is specifically." Elder Xue shook his head.
"Then you don't plan to go in yourself?"
Luo Nian asked again.
Elder Xue played the role of a teacher in the Hun Clan, but as a teacher of the Hun Clan, it was not reasonable that he did not know what was in the 'chimney'.
"Of course I plan to," Elder Xue said frankly. "But it was a coincidence that I fused with this body of the Hun Clan back then. There was no chance for me to fuse with a second body. Once I die, there will be no more hope. So I've been hesitating, waiting …"
"I didn't expect to see you here." Elder Xue rejoiced at his own judgment. "So this time, I'll go in with you!"
"You still have a body outside. If I die, I'll really die." Luo Nian still felt that it was unfair.
Elder Xue smiled faintly. "I'll let the other body commit suicide now. How about it?"
He had long been indifferent to life and death. Now that he understood the situation of the Four Spirits Sect through Luo Nian, it was inevitable for him to put all his eggs in one basket.
When Luo Nian heard Elder Xue's understatement, he was shocked. He suddenly felt that he should not be so calculative …
"When do we go in?"
Luo Nian asked.
"Wait, wait for an opportunity," Elder Xue said.
In the next three days, Elder Xue imparted his experience to Luo Nian.
Although these experiences were only inferred by Elder Xue, they were after all tested and tested with the lives of the Hun Clan.
When he had led the Xiong tribe here, they could only climb up half a zhang in the chimney. Now, even the Xiong tribe members who performed poorly could climb up to a height of seven to eight zhang. The most outstanding Xiong tribe member could even climb up to a height of sixty zhang.
This meant that Elder Xue's experience was effective.
Luo Nian was also aware of the importance of this matter. These days, he listened to Elder Xue's teachings very seriously.
Three days later, some deep-space races appeared on the Giant Star Square. They followed the green lines in twos and threes, heading straight for the giant chimney.

Chapter 3826
When Luo Nian saw the movements of these deep-space races, he immediately asked, "Are we going as well?"
Elder Xue walked out of the oval-shaped building and looked up at the sky. "It's not time yet."
"But they're all going," Luo Nian said.
Elder Xue shook his head. "Today is Power Modeling Day. On this day, the talents of the deep-space races will increase explosively. It's a good day for them, but not for us."
A part of the deep-space races' power came from the ring-shaped sun above their heads. Today, the light released by the ring-shaped sun was indeed very dazzling. Luo Nian had more or less understood it over the past few days.
"What about them?" Luo Nian looked at the Xiongmen.
"They'll go as well," Elder Xue said.
Elder Xue then counted the four Xiongmen. These Xiongmen were already prepared and quickly gathered in front of the door.
After Elder Xue gave them a few instructions, they stepped onto the green line and headed straight for the chimney.
"Actually … actually, they don't have to go," Luo Nian said as he looked at their backs.
"I didn't expect you to be so kind." Elder Xue smiled. "But I've taught them a new method. If they succeed, they'll be able to go even further on the chimney."
"But they'll die …"
Luo Nian muttered.
After staying here for a few days, he realized that these Xiongmen weren't as repulsive as they appeared.
They had learned the language of the four-grid world from Elder Xue and could even communicate with Luo Nian.
Luo Nian was very sad to see them throw away their lives.
Elder Xue ignored him and only stared at the chimney. He wanted to observe the movements of the other deep-space races.
Streaks of green light began to rise from the surface of the chimney.
Some streaks of green light reached thirty to forty feet before being extinguished. Some streaks of green light reached seventy to eighty feet before being extinguished. There were even some streaks of green light that reached a height of thirty feet. This was an excellent record, but it was created with their lives.
"The Hu Na Clan's performance this time isn't bad."
"The Icy Monkey Clan's performance is unexpectedly bad."
"It's our turn …"
Elder Xue recorded the results without blinking.
Every result was very important. Through thousands of trials and errors, Elder Xue had roughly figured out some tricks to the chimney.
After the four Xiongmen entered the chimney, four streaks of green light could be seen slowly climbing up.
The Hun people climbed very slowly, even stopping from time to time. However, they maintained a constant momentum.
The first green light was extinguished at a height of ten zhang. The corners of Elder Xue's eyes twitched slightly. His black claws were already clenched into fists.
The second green light was extinguished at a distance of thirteen feet. This time, Elder Xue's complexion was slightly better.
By the time the third green light reached a height of sixteen zhang, the Hun people in the oval-shaped building were already cheering.
This had already tied their previous record, and from the looks of it, they could continue to climb higher!
Elder Xue's face was also filled with excitement. His judgment was correct!
Sixteen, seventeen, eighteen zhang …
As the green light rose higher and higher, the cries of the Hun people became louder and louder.
They even began to look forward to the two Hun comrades directly ascending to the top of the chimney and obtaining the item that was used to feed their race, thus ending this nightmarish exploration.
But just as their expectations soared, the green light suddenly extinguished at a height of two hundred feet …
"It's extinguished …"
"We still have one more person!"
"It can still rise!"
The Hun people placed their hopes on the last ray of green light.
But the last ray of green light also stopped at a height of two hundred feet before extinguishing.
The Hun people all fell silent.
Even though they were already used to this process and had already expected the result, they still felt extremely disappointed.
Another failure.
Elder Xue stood in place like a statue, quietly gazing at the chimney.
After each failure, he would stand like this for a long time, pondering the reasons for his failure.
After a long time, Elder Xue suddenly turned around and announced to the remaining Hun people, "Next time, it will be my turn to go in with Luo Nian."
The four remaining Hun people instantly paled at these words.
"Elder Xue, how could you go in!"
"In our Hun tribe, you're even more important than the patriarch. You absolutely cannot go in!"
"The lives of our Hun people aren't worth anything. There are still many Hun people who can sacrifice themselves, but you only have one body. If you fail, it's all over!"
It wasn't an exaggeration to say that Elder Xue's status in the Hun tribe was much higher than the patriarch's.
Elder Xue wasn't very strong, and any Hun of similar strength could easily kill him.
But the Hun tribe had only reached this point because of Elder Xue. Even the talents of the Hun people had been unearthed by Elder Xue. One could imagine just how important he was to the Hun tribe.
"Was it that brat's request? Elder Xue, don't listen to him. I'll throw him out right now! "One of the Hun people glared viciously at Luo Nian.
Luo Nian couldn't understand the Hun language at all. Suddenly seeing them glaring at him, he was dumbfounded. Why are these Hun people suddenly glaring at me?
Elder Xue smiled faintly. "No."
"Then why! You were doing fine here, but now you're planning to go in personally as soon as this brat came. It must be because of him, "the Hun continued to shout.
"Because he brought an important message," Elder Xue explained. "If you don't get that thing quickly, the deep space will be completely degraded in a short time. Everything you have will disappear."
"What?"
"It can't be!"
"I don't believe it!"
The Hun people shook their heads furiously.
Although the deep space was currently in a shattered state, it was still stable without any further degradation.
Elder Xue was very patient. After all, educating these Hun people was no easy task. He had already tempered his temperament to the point of being unperturbed. Thus, he explained the reason for the collapse of the deep space, the current situation, and the four dimensions.
Inside the world of the three dimensions.
He roughly explained what had happened.
The Hun people were confused, but they still understood the general logic.
The Degenerate who had destroyed the deep space to such a state was now stirring up trouble in the world of the third grid. Once he succeeded, the fifth grid to the third grid would crumble, and the only way to save them was to obtain that item.
"Thus, I have no choice," Elder Xue said. "Five days from now, I will go with Luo Nian on Water Burst Day."
"What about us?" a Hun asked.
"You can come together, but it's best if one of you stays behind," Elder Xue said.
If one of them stayed behind, they could still take Elder Xue's place and continue fighting for that minuscule chance.
The Hun people no longer objected, but they continued to argue over who should stay.
They were a race that knew how to contribute. At this point, no one was willing to be the one to stay behind. After some discussion, the Hun who had come in with Luo Nian was left behind.
Five days later, Water Burst Day arrived.
The ring-shaped sun in the deep space began to emit rippling golden light, and the sunlight became peaceful and warm.

Chapter 3827
The green lines on the plaza meandered back and forth like a massive glyph array.
Luo Nian followed Elder Xue along this shoulder-width path.
Crossing this shoulder-width green line meant losing one's life, so Luo Nian naturally had to be extremely vigilant, taking each step with great care.
The chimney was located at the center of the plaza, only a few thousand zhang away in a straight line. However, their group actually covered a distance of several tens of thousands of zhang.
The other deep-space races had also sent out their clansmen, so there were ten-some people walking across the plaza. Sometimes, Luo Nian's group would get closer to the other races, and the gazes they shot at each other carried a hint of hostility.
Traces of hostility.
After all, the six races were hostile to each other, and they were also in a direct competition here. It was only because of the special nature of this place that they were not allowed to fight.
Two incense sticks later, Luo Nian's group finally arrived at the base of the chimney.
Elder Xue had been here for countless years, but this was his first time observing the chimney up close.
From a distance, the chimney looked like a black monster, but up close, it was a completely different feeling.
The chimney was constructed from a pure black metal, and one could see its shiny side in the tranquil sunlight.
Elder Xue walked up to the outer wall of the chimney and slowly stroked it.
He had spent the latter half of his life pondering the mysteries of this chimney, and at this moment, his mind was in turmoil.
At this moment, a soft chuckle came from behind Elder Xue.
Three black apes walked in from another path. The leading black ape laughed and said, "The Xiong race has always been cautious, but they've sent out five people at once. Several days ago, four of them were sacrificed, and only that Elder Xue is left to guard the base?"
"This time, there's an extra Human Spirit. Did that Elder Xue find a helper?"
"When Old Gan came last time, he saw this Human Spirit!"
These black apes were from the Icy Ape Race.
Of the six deep-space races, the Xiong race was the weakest. The Xiong race had only risen to prominence because Elder Xue had taken advantage of the other races' lack of intelligence. It was for this reason that the other five races had always looked down on them.
The Xiong race.
Several deep-space races had once sent assassins to assassinate Elder Xue, but the Xiong race had risked their lives to protect Elder Xue.
"Elder Xue is not the one staying behind. I am Elder Xue," Elder Xue replied.
The Three-headed Icy Apes were obviously stunned for a moment. The leading Icy Ape revealed a puzzled expression. "Everyone knows that you are the Hun Tribe's greatest ally. Today, you actually dared to risk your life. Have you found a way to break Levita's spell?"
Everyone knew how important Elder Xue was to the Xiong Tribe.
The Xiong Tribe would rather have their chief assassinated than protect Elder Xue's safety.
"No," Elder Xue answered honestly.
"Then why did you come?" Icy Monkey was puzzled.
Once they entered the huge plaza, there was no turning back. Elder Xue would definitely not be able to return.
Elder Xue only smiled and didn't pay much attention to the Icy Ape Clan.
At this moment, another deep-space race came in from the other side of the chimney. It was the Hu Na race.
The Icy Ape Tribe and the Hu Na Tribe were allies, and the two deep space races had always been on good terms. The Icy Ape Tribe immediately called out, "Kesh, look, Elder Xue of the Hun Tribe has personally come!"
This was indeed no small matter.
The Hun Clan had always been ahead of the other five clans because of Elder Xue.
The other five races had pressured the Hun Tribe and even offered them benefits in hopes that Elder Xue would help them. However, Elder Xue had refused.
The only time he had compromised was when the other five races joined forces to force the Hun Tribe. Elder Xue had no choice but to share part of his experience...
"Elder Xue?"
"Are you confident that you can pass Levita?"
"Entering Levita rashly is an act of suicide! Aren't you afraid of death? "
The Hu Na Tribe members were also stunned. They had the same thought as the Icy Ape Tribe. Since Elder Xue dared to come in person, he must have found a way to break the spell.
Two of the Hu Na Tribe members' eyes flashed with murderous intent. They definitely didn't want Elder Xue to climb to the top of Levita!
However, the entire plaza was protected by the Hun Tribe's powerful seal. The six major races didn't have the ability to resist this seal. They couldn't stop the Hun Tribe's decision at all.
Just as the members of the Hu Na Clan were feeling puzzled and worried, the members of the other three deep space races arrived one after another.
Every time there was a sudden flood, the six deep space races would fight to enter the chimney. However, they were not in a hurry today. They wanted to see what Elder Xue was planning.
Elder Xue ignored them and said to the Hun Tribe members, "Let's go in!"
The three Hun Tribe members took the lead and entered the chimney. Elder Xue and Luo Nian followed closely behind.
The door at the bottom of the chimney was only about the height of a person. When the five of them approached, the door automatically shrank to one side.
After Luo Nian entered the door, he looked around and saw an extremely wide metal hall.
The floor and walls of the hall were all made of black metal. The surface of the metal was engraved with golden rings. Some of these golden rings existed alone, while others were connected to each other. It looked like a mess.
They were tangled together.
"What are these?" Luo Nian pointed at the golden rings and asked.
"Ring patterns." Elder Xue looked as if he had the pearl of wisdom in his hands.
"It's exactly as I guessed. The bottom of the chimney records the ring patterns left behind by the Hun Tribe. We're not in a hurry to go up. Let me decipher these ring patterns!"
"Ring patterns" were the words of the Hun Tribe and the Dan Tribe.
The creatures of the Chaotic World had a strong interest in Sanskrit. Powerful experts like the Winged Monarch and the Primeval Lord of Heaven had spent their entire lives deciphering Sanskrit.
The Four Spirit Sects in the Main Realm worked tirelessly on the "Ring patterns". Ku Shu, Shou, and Sin all had deep attainments in the "Ring patterns".
Elder Xue's attainments in the "Ring patterns" used to be inferior to theirs. However, not only did he stay in the deep space for a long time, he also had the body of a Hun Tribe member. Now, his attainments in the "Ring patterns" far surpassed anyone in the Four Spirit Sects.
Human.
After Elder Xue finished speaking, he lay on the wall and began to decipher the "Ring patterns" word by word.
"This Levita is the foundation of the Hun Tribe. It is also... is..."
The structure of the "Ring patterns" was very simple. They were just golden rings. However, deciphering them was even more complicated. After all, the golden rings were connected and there was not much difference between them. It was even more difficult to read them.
However, deciphering them was still very difficult.
"It is also an opportunity. We were defeated by the Dan Tribe. We can only take it as the fate of Nirvana. Now, all those who enter the tower have come for this opportunity..." Luo Nian said after Elder Xue.
Elder Xue's face stiffened. He turned around and stared at Luo Nian in disbelief.

Chapter 3828
Luo Nian had no problem reading Sanskrit. It was as if he was born with the ability to decipher Sanskrit and understand the hidden messages within.
When he first saw these circles, he couldn't see the contents clearly. But after Elder Xue recited a few words according to the 'ring pattern', these patterns suddenly became amiable in Luo Nian's eyes.
It was as if he was born with this ability. He had used these words for many years and could recite them easily.
"Do you really recognize these ring patterns?"
Elder Xue asked.
Luo Nian's gaze wandered to the other ring patterns. After a few glances, he nodded. "Yes, I can understand …" "Strange, strange …" Elder Xue was speechless for a moment, but he was also very surprised. "It's a little difficult for me to decipher these ring patterns, and sometimes it's not accurate. Then I'll have to trouble you to decipher it!"
Luo Nian had done a lot of deciphering. He nodded and began to recite word by word from right to left.
"The Levita is five hundred feet tall. If you climb to the top and become the Levita Master, you will be qualified to obtain the Sky Ring Staff, the Yang Clan's sacred artifact.
"The Sky Ring Staff is the foundation of the Yang Clan. It can freely control all forms of energy." This item is important and cannot be given away by fate. It must be owned by the capable. Those who wish to obtain this staff must pass through the layers of the Levita's tests. "
Elder Xue's gaze flickered as Luo Nian recited. He knew that the Yang Clan had something comparable to that sword, but he didn't know what it was. Now, he learned from Luo Nian that it was precisely called the 'Sky Ring Staff'.
Elder Xue didn't interrupt Luo Nian and continued to listen. The three Xiong people on the side weren't in a hurry either. They obediently stood by the side.
The Xiong people and other deep space races couldn't recognize the ring patterns. Although they had no problem reading them, the Yang Clan and Dan Clan had been destroyed for many years. The six deep space races that were born later were still in a very primitive stage. They only had strength but hadn't created their own civilization. Their knowledge of the ring patterns was close to zero.
The five deep space races outside the Levita were even more confused.
Normally, after entering the Levita, they would rush up as fast as they could. No one would stay on the first floor.
When they were outside the tower, they saw the five green lights of the Hun tribe lingering on the first floor. They didn't know what they were up to.
"We, the Yang Clan, have received the inheritance of the Infinite God Realm and are the rightful masters of the Unthinking Limit Realm. Since the beginning of time, we have regarded the Dan Clan as an enemy that we must destroy. The first ten thousand Water Abrupt Suns, the Yang Clan slaughtered three thousand Dan Clan masters. The ninety thousand Blazing Suns, we broke through the Dan Clan's impregnable stronghold, the thirteenth …" The Yang Clan briefly introduced Levita before recording the history of the war between the Yang Clan and the Dan Clan.
Luo Nian's original intention was to find some clues to Levita in the first layer of the ring pattern, but the Yang Clan did not record the clues. Instead, it recorded some of the history of the Yang Clan's development. Luo Nian naturally felt rather bored. Halfway through the recitation, he asked, "Elder Xue, do you want to continue?"
"Read! Of course I have to read it! "
Elder Xue was extremely interested in the history of the Yang Clan.
As an elder of the Great Conjecture Academy, he was naturally interested in exploring the world. How could he miss such a rare opportunity?
Luo Nian rolled his eyes and had no choice but to continue reciting.
The timeline of the Yang Clan started from the ten thousand Water Abrupt Suns and continued until the three hundred millionth Water Abrupt Suns. The Yang Clan experienced prosperity, decline, rise, conquest, decline, and the process of being evenly matched with the Dan Clan. In the end, the two clans fought to the death.
After deciphering the last ring pattern, Elder Xue patted Luo Nian's shoulder with satisfaction. "Let's go up!"
The inner layer of Levita was a spiral structure. When they climbed up about ten feet along the spiral staircase, a red line suddenly appeared under their feet and blocked their path. Everyone suddenly stopped.
Without needing Elder Xue's explanation, Luo Nian knew that crossing the red line meant death.
Just as they approached the red line, they simultaneously felt a consciousness drilling into their minds.
"It's a soul test …" Elder Xue looked as if he had expected it.
In the long years, Elder Xue had experienced countless trials and errors. He had a rough estimation of the first twenty feet of Levita.
"Elder Xue, will I fail?"
Luo Nian was still a little nervous.
Although Luo Nian was already a True God, his soul was not considered strong. It was far inferior to an ordinary Nirvana Realm, let alone the Holy Soul Realm or the Immortal Realm.
Any creature in the deep space had a soul that was far stronger than Luo Nian. They only needed to release a little soul pressure and Luo Nian's soul would be extinguished like a candle in the wind.
"Don't worry, the test in Levita has nothing to do with strength. Otherwise, no one would have passed after so many years. Don't resist this consciousness," Elder Xue comforted.
It was not that the six deep space clans, including the Xiong Clan, did not have any powerhouses. However, the effect of sending powerhouses in was not good. They even performed worse than ordinary clansmen. After the six deep space clans lost some powerhouses in Levita, they stopped this practice.
After all, powerhouses were the foundation of the deep space clans. If they lost too many powerhouses, they would not be able to control the deep space. The other five clans would kill them first.
This consciousness was unobstructed in Luo Nian's mind. The moment it came into contact with Luo Nian's soul, a simple question surfaced in Luo Nian's mind.
"Who are you?"
A strange expression appeared on Luo Nian's face when he heard this question.
Elder Xue and the other three Xiong Clan members had the same expression. Elder Xue's reaction was calm. He reminded, "Relax, answer truthfully."
Answer truthfully?
Introduce himself?
"I am Luo Nian … from the Chaotic World …" No one knew what the correct answer was. Luo Nian was very straightforward at this moment and conveyed his thoughts truthfully to the consciousness.
After a round of self-introduction, a gap opened in the red line under Luo Nian's feet. Two green lines extended from the gap. This was the passage forward.
"Simple."
Luo Nian shrugged.
Elder Xue and the Xiong Clan members also finished introducing themselves and completing the answers given by the consciousness. A passage outlined by green lines also appeared under their feet.
Then the group continued to follow the green lines.
After they had walked for some distance, the wisp of consciousness raised a new question.
"What is your dream?"
"Dream?"
Luo Nian tilted his head and hesitated for a moment.
According to the logic of accepting the test of raising a clan, it should be something like saving the world.
But should this test cater to their tastes?
While Luo Nian was hesitating, Elder Xue reminded him again, "Answer truthfully!"

Chapter 3829
Dream …
Luo Nian blinked a few times and began to seriously consider this question.
He now knew that the entire world was in danger. What he wanted to do the most now was to save the world and see his parents reunite.
But was this his dream?
After thinking about it, Luo Nian quickly denied it. This was not a dream.
For as long as Luo Nian could remember, he was a child under control.
On one hand, his mother was the Hallmaster of the Cloud Hall. On the other hand, his father was a legend in various worlds.
His environment was generally stable, but this stable environment was like a prison. He could never be controlled and could not leave at will.
It was like this in the Cloud Hall, and it was the same in Immortal Mansion.
Ever since Luo Zheng went to the mother world, he had always stayed in Luo Zheng's inner world. He was used as a tool by his father. Only when it was time to decipher Sanskrit would he appear.
Although Luo Zheng had given him a certain amount of freedom in his inner world, and even occasionally created some difficulties and dangerous situations for him with his omnipotent ability, he was well aware that everything in his inner world was completely under his father's control. Dangers and whatnot did not exist …
It was also this experience that caused Luo Nian to have an indifferent attitude, because it was meaningless to care.
Carefully thinking back on the years he had been alive, the happiest time seemed to be after entering the Jixu space and the Xuanliang world.
It was very dangerous here …
And his parents had no way to control it. His life was in danger at any time!
But Luo Nian was indeed very happy!
Understanding this, Luo Nian immediately replied, "My dream is to be able to freely roam the world!"
After Luo Nian's answer, the consciousness still did not respond. He and Elder Xue continued to advance along the green line. There was no obstruction in front of them.
"Elder Xue … it seems too simple." Luo Nian shrugged.
"It's not that simple." Elder Xue shook his head. "They're just collecting information."
What was the use of collecting information …
While Luo Nian was puzzled, the green line under his feet came to an end. There was another red line on the ground in front of them.
At that moment, the consciousness suddenly became active in his mind. This time, it did not ask any questions. Instead, it directly drilled into Luo Nian's soul.
"Boom!"
Luo Nian felt as if he had been hit by an ancient beast. A white light flashed in his mind, and he appeared in a strange world.
Elder Xue disappeared, and so did Levita. In front of Luo Nian's eyes was a vast wasteland, with no end in sight. But not far away, Luo Nian saw a few shabby wooden houses.
Luo Nian walked towards the small wooden huts and immediately heard the sound of crying. Luo Nian searched for the source of the sound and found a skinny little girl with pale skin in one of the wooden huts.
"Hey."
Luo Nian shouted from afar.
He knew that the environment he was in was very strange, so he did not dare to approach the little girl.
"Hey, why are you crying!"
Luo Nian asked again.
The little girl slowly stopped crying and complained to Luo Nian, "It's all your fault. We're all going to die!"
Luo Nian was baffled. "Blame me for what?"
This should be an illusion created by Levita. The illusion itself was a test.
Seeing Luo Nian's expression, the little girl's resentment grew. "It's because of you that I was created. That's why I'm so miserable. There will be ghost crows coming soon. We can't run away, so we'll die together!"
Hearing the little girl's words, Luo Nian immediately reacted. This was a hint!
He looked up at the end of the wasteland. A black cloud had risen, and after careful observation, it was really a black crow.
"Since there are ghost crows, why don't you run!"
Luo Nian urged.
"I won't! We can't run away anyway! "
The little girl shook her head stubbornly.
"Then I'll run!"
Luo Nian turned and ran without hesitation. At the same time, he muttered in his heart, "What the hell is this illusion …"
After running for a dozen steps, he suddenly stopped. Seeing the little girl still sitting there crying, he frowned and helplessly turned back.
Since the little girl appeared in the illusion, it must be useful.
He squatted in front of the little girl and said, "You haven't even tried, and you're so sure we can't run away?"
"This wasteland is very big, and the ghost crows are very fast. Of course we can't run away!"
The little girl said.
"Are you familiar with this world?"
Luo Nian asked.
The little girl shook her head. "Anyway, we can't run away. We can only wait for death!"
"If we run, we die. If we don't run, we die. We have to try. If we give up without doing anything, we'll die with regret," Luo Nian said.
"Look at those ghost crows. Just one of them can swallow you and me. The nearest city is a hundred miles away. We'll definitely die. How can we have any regrets?"
The little girl said solemnly.
"Since you know that this world is imaginary, then you should know that this test is not unsolvable. As long as you run with me, there will be a way," Luo Nian said patiently. He had already figured out that the key to passing this illusion was this little girl.
"My existence is meaningless. Regardless of whether I run or not, I will disappear along with this world. Running and dying are meaningless to me," the little girl retorted.
"But it's meaningful to me." Luo Nian was a little annoyed. This little girl who had appeared out of nowhere was simply stubborn.
"I don't have to help you. I can't help you." She stopped crying, and there was even a hint of malice in her cute big eyes.
"Caw caw caw …"
The ghost crows on the horizon were getting closer and closer. Luo Nian could feel their brutal aura.
He had only climbed two or three feet on the Levita. Was he going to fail so soon?
He frowned and suddenly realized that something was wrong.
He had been focusing on persuading the little girl, but did he have to persuade her mother?
"I can't accept this …"
Luo Nian said in his heart. He glanced down at the little girl and raised his eyebrows slightly. Suddenly, he reached out and grabbed the little girl's arm and pulled her up.
"Whoosh …"
The little girl's body was weightless, as light as a paper kite. Luo Nian dragged her all the way forward and said, "Since you can't help me, I'll help you!"
The little girl was dragged all the way, with a light smile on her face. She waved her hand lightly towards the sky, and a fan-shaped flame rolled up in the sky.
In the blink of an eye, the ghost crows were burned to ashes.
The wilderness suddenly became quiet. Although it was an illusion, it was extremely realistic. Luo Nian could even smell the smell of barbecued meat.
"You've passed," the little girl replied.
Luo Nian threw the little girl aside and sighed. He was about to say something when the illusion disappeared.
He reappeared on the Levita. The red line in front of him disappeared, and there were two smooth green lines in front of him.
Elder Xue and the other three Xiongmen still had their eyes closed. They were obviously still trapped in the illusion.

Chapter 3830
Luo Nian was not in a hurry to go up. He stood to the side and waited.
Half an hour later, one of the Xiongmen opened his eyes. When he found that he was safe, he was excited.
He noticed that Luo Nian had already left the illusion. He mumbled a series of words, but Luo Nian did not understand a single word.
Soon, the second Xiongman also woke up. Only Elder Xue and the last Xiongman were left.
"They should be waking up soon," Luo Nian said confidently.
After all, he had seen the Xiongmen enter the Levita. The first half of them ascended very quickly. It should not take too long.
But as soon as Luo Nian finished speaking, he saw the two lines under the feet of the unconscious Xiongman begin to close.
When the two Xiongmen saw this, they cried out anxiously, but there was nothing they could do.
Everyone had their own path. The lines under their feet were like pools of lightning. They did not dare to cross them.
When the lines closed under the Xiongman's feet, the originally green lines turned red. Then, the Xiongman's legs were burned by an invisible flame. From bottom to top, he turned into a human-shaped charcoal. The charcoal gradually turned white.
White ash …
"Dead!" Luo Nian's eyes twitched.
Even though he was well aware that those who entered the Levita Tower had no chance of survival, including himself, but seeing this Xiong man die in front of him was still very unbearable!
At the same time, he was worried about Elder Xue's safety. He had not woken up for so long. Would Elder Xue also meet his end here?
Just as Luo Nian was worrying, Elder Xue's body shook slightly and he opened his eyes. Luo Nian breathed a sigh of relief.
When the two Xiongmen saw that Elder Xue had woken up, they pointed at the drifting white ash and mumbled. Elder Xue naturally understood what they meant. After a few words of consolation, he said to Luo Nian, "It must have lied when it asked the question before.
It will give you an impossible test. I have emphasized many times that no matter what the Levita asks, you must answer truthfully. You must remember! "
Elder Xue put all his thoughts on Luo Nian. He used the Xiongman's death as a negative example to educate Luo Nian.
"Yes, I will remember," Luo Nian nodded. When it came to life or death, he would follow orders.
Then, the remaining four people continued to walk up the green line.
"Those who enter the Levita Tower will stop at the height of twenty feet, and then go straight up to the height of fifty feet. I don't think there will be any tests at this distance," Elder Xue said as he walked.
Elder Xue had observed this phenomenon many times, and this visit was a general verification.
Just as he said, the four of them circled around Levita twice and climbed to a height of fifty feet without any obstacles. The consciousness in their minds was silent the whole time, but when they reached a height of fifty feet, a red line appeared in front of them again, blocking their way.
At the same time, the consciousness in his mind asked another question.
"Are you afraid of death?"
When Luo Nian heard this question, his heart trembled slightly. A bad premonition surged in his heart, but he still answered with certainty, "Yes!"
Boom!
The moment he answered the question, that wisp of consciousness once again crashed into Luo Nian's soul.
In the blink of an eye, he entered a new illusory realm.
In front of him was a two-foot-long Buddhist Commandment Blade. Not far away was a large lake. Beside the lake, Luo Nian saw the pale-faced little girl.
"We meet again," the little girl smiled sweetly.
Luo Nian ignored her and looked around vigilantly.
Since the problem this time was death, then the test he went through must be related to death …
The biggest difficulty of this illusory realm was that there were too few hints and almost no clues. If he wanted to pass the test, he had to rely on himself.
After walking a few steps, Luo Nian picked up the Buddhist Commandment Blade and held it in his hand. He asked, "Why did you appear again? Are you here to help me?"
"I won't help you," the little girl smiled maturely. "I want to watch you die. Those who are afraid of death will definitely die."
"Watch me die. Those who are afraid of death will definitely die …" Luo Nian pondered.
There was only this lake in front of him. Was he going to drown himself?
With Luo Nian's cultivation, drowning was impossible, but this was an illusory realm. Any way to die was possible.
When he realized this, Luo Nian noticed something moving quickly at the bottom of the lake. His eyes widened, and he immediately retreated.
"Phew …"
When Luo Nian retreated dozens of feet, a vine drilled out from the bottom of the lake and shot straight at him like an arrow.
The vine was so fast that it wrapped around Luo Nian's leg in the blink of an eye.
"Clang, clang, clang, clang …"
Luo Nian used the Buddhist Commandment Blade in his hand to slash at the vines. The vines were much harder than he had imagined. Although sparks flew, the surface of the vines was not damaged. Then the vines released an irresistible force and dragged him into the water.
Under the water.
"Gulp, gulp …"
As Luo Nian had expected, after entering the water, a strong sense of suffocation hit him. He could drown!
Although Luo Nian struggled wildly, the vine was as hard as an iron hoop and he could not break free.
The little girl standing by the lake bent over and looked at Luo Nian struggling at the bottom of the water. The smile on her face was innocent and terrible.
As the sense of suffocation grew stronger, Luo Nian's consciousness began to fade.
If he died, he would really die …
Thinking of the Xiong man who had been burned to ashes, he was afraid that everything would be over if he was like him.
"I … want to live!"
He clenched his teeth, holding on to the last trace of his obsession to survive.
The little girl couldn't help, and the vine couldn't be cut …
Then the Buddhist Commandment Blade …
Cut himself!
Luo Nian suddenly reacted and waved the Buddhist Commandment Blade at his leg.
He had never suffered much since he was a child, but at this moment, he was particularly ruthless.
"Crack!"
A handful of blood blossomed at the bottom of the lake. His right leg was cut off by a blade. He quickly drilled out of the water and climbed ashore just before he fainted, gasping for breath. Just as Luo Nian thought he had escaped disaster, another vine rolled up from the bottom of the lake.
This time, it was his left leg.
"Crack!"
Luo Nian became more decisive this time. Before he was pulled to the bottom of the lake, he cut off his left leg with the Buddhist Commandment Blade.
The illusion here was very detailed. It was simply a real world. The pain of the broken leg was also very clear.
"How much more do you want to cut? Just say it! As long as I can live! "Luo Nian roared fiercely at the little girl.
Being roared at by Luo Nian, the little girl seemed a little aggrieved. She lowered her head and thought for a moment, then showed a look of disinterest. "Boring. You're really afraid of death. Then let's end it …"
As soon as her voice fell, the entire illusion shook with the little girl and disappeared.
Luo Nian, who was in the Levita, was soaked in sweat.
Having successfully passed the test, Luo Nian felt like he had survived a disaster.
He looked at Elder Xue and the two Xiong men and was stunned. He didn't know what kind of torture they were going through. They were trembling all over.
"It was so dangerous even if I said I was afraid of death. Elder Xue and the others' Taoist hearts are stable. They must have said they weren't afraid of death. The illusion they faced was probably ten times more difficult …" Luo Nian said and shook his head.

Chapter 3831
The illusion that Elder Xue and the others faced was indeed much more difficult than Luo Nian's.
But in terms of life and death, both Elder Xue and the Hun tribe had more experience than Luo Nian.
It wasn't an exaggeration to say that those who were qualified to enter the Levita were basically indifferent to life and death, and the test of life and death was much easier for them.
Luo Nian didn't have to wait long before Elder Xue and the other two Hun tribe members safely left the illusion.
The four of them passed this time, and Elder Xue was still the first to confirm Luo Nian's safety. Seeing that Luo Nian was safe, he breathed a sigh of relief.
"That question, how do you answer?"
Elder Xue asked.
"Of course … I'm afraid of death," Luo Nian said.
"Afraid of death …" Elder Xue was slightly taken aback, but immediately understood.
Those who entered the Levita basically had the awareness to see through life and death, and Elder Xue and the other two Hun tribe members answered that they weren't afraid of death, and the test of life and death they experienced was much more severe.
Especially Elder Xue, who had just reincarnated between life and death hundreds of times in a short period of time. If it were Luo Nian, he would have already broken down.
Being weak had its advantages, and the test of the Levita was much easier. If they kept going at this pace, it really wouldn't be difficult to pass the Levita.
"Let's continue!"
When the red line disappeared, the four of them continued to circle the Levita's steps.
Sixty feet … Seventy feet … Eighty feet … At ninety feet, the consciousness asked another question.
"If faced with a dilemma, who would you save?"
Before Luo Nian could answer, he was led into the illusion, and the little girl appeared again. At the same time, she gave Luo Nian a chance to choose between his own life and the lives of ten thousand people. Either he sacrificed his own life, and the ten thousand people would live, or the ten thousand people would sacrifice themselves in exchange for his own life.
This time, Luo Nian's reaction was very fast, and he almost didn't think before choosing his own life. In Luo Nian's eyes, his own life was much more important than those irrelevant strangers! Elder Xue had previously emphasized that he would tell the truth, so he was facing the Levita with the most frank attitude, and he was very confident in his choice.
Soon, the innocent people were slowly drowned in the lava, and the little girl standing beside Luo Nian commented that he was "cold-blooded" before the illusion disappeared.
Elder Xue and the two Hun tribesmen also successfully passed.
After passing three soul tests in a row, Luo Nian's expression became more and more relaxed. "Elder Xue, these aren't soul tests. They don't involve the strength or depth of the soul. At most, they are tests of human nature …" "I've noticed that as well." Elder Xue nodded.
"It shouldn't be hard to pass this test," Luo Nian said.
It was hard for him to imagine that none of the six deep space races had passed the Levita test after so many years.
Elder Xue smiled. "Don't forget, no matter if it's the Hun Tribe, the Icy Ape Tribe, or the Hu Na Tribe, although they have strength, their civilization is still in a very barbaric stage. Humanity is what they lack the most."
In fact, after so many years, Elder Xue had figured out that he couldn't lie to Levita. However, he had never entered Levita before. No matter how smart he was, it was impossible for him to guess the content of Levita's test out of thin air.
Next, they were tested three times at 120 feet, 150 feet, and 180 feet respectively, falling into three illusions.
These illusions also repeated the test of human nature. As long as one's heart was strong, it wasn't difficult for Luo Nian and Elder Xue. However, one of the Hun tribesmen unexpectedly fell at the 180 feet mark.
The remaining three crossed the 180 feet mark and went straight for the 200 feet mark. 200 feet was already the limit. Only a few days ago, two Hun tribesmen had come here, but they also fell here.
Elder Xue and Luo Nian also wanted to know what was at the 200 feet mark.
When they climbed up the spiraling staircase, they found a transparent object about half a foot wide blocking their way at the 200 feet mark.
There seemed to be a transparent glass door blocking the stairs, and inside the transparent object, there were dozens of gray things floating.
Luo Nian walked forward and reached out to touch the transparent object. The moment his fingertips touched the object, ripples appeared on its surface. This large transparent glass-like object was actually in the form of water! Luo Nian's touch seemed to have activated the gray objects. One of the gray objects rapidly approached the 'water' in Luo Nian's direction, suddenly transforming into a large gray mouth that bit at Luo Nian.
However, this large gray mouth couldn't leave the 'water' and could only open up inside the body of water. After frightening Luo Nian into sitting on the ground, it quickly transformed back into the gray object and shrank back.
"What the hell is this …" Luo Nian's face turned green.
Elder Xue's brows immediately furrowed. This transparent object was blocking the only path. If they wanted to continue climbing, they could only swim through this layer of 'water' … The two Hun tribesmen from before should have died in this' water '. Looking at the situation, wouldn't they be doomed as well?
"Gurawalili …" The remaining Hun tribesman saw Elder Xue's frown in contemplation. After muttering a few words, it actually went straight for the 'water'. This Hun tribesman also knew that it was doomed, but all the Hun tribesmen were full of respect for Elder Xue. It was willing to sacrifice itself to help Elder Xue explore the path.
"Don't!"
Elder Xue wanted to stop it, but it was too late. As soon as the Hun tribesman dove into the water, the gray object immediately locked onto it.
"Whoosh!"
The gray object transformed into a large mouth and bit down on the Hun tribesman's head. Then, the object transformed into a gray fog and began to burrow into the Hun tribesman's mind. At first, the Hun tribesman was somewhat flustered.
After realizing that it was safe, it waved at Elder Xue and swam towards the other side of the 'water'. Just as it was about to pass through the 'water', it suddenly rolled its eyes and involuntarily hugged its head. Its facial features were twisted into a ball, as if it was suffering intense pain.
Elder Xue had taught these Hun tribesmen how to endure pain. Their willpower was actually stronger than that of ordinary creatures. For them to be in such pain, one could only imagine what kind of torture they were enduring.
"What happened …" Luo Nian cried out.
"Pop!"
A muffled sound came from the water. The Hun tribesman's head suddenly exploded, and the gray fog drilled out.
The headless Hun tribesman slowly floated in the water before finally landing in front of Luo Nian and Elder Xue. Because the headless corpse had crossed the green line that belonged to it, it was directly burned to ashes.
Luo Nian and Elder Xue stood in place in silence for a while. Luo Nian then asked, "There's no way to pass through this place. Can we still go back?"

Chapter 3832
Luo Nian was well aware that he couldn't go back, but he was scared out of his wits.
Elder Xue didn't say a word as he observed the grey things in the water.
He really didn't expect Levita to have something like this. At this moment, he was very calm as all kinds of hypotheses flashed through his mind. He was the one who came up with the maxim of the Great Conjecture Institute, "Make bold assumptions, verify carefully."
"Luo Nian, don't you think the aura of these things is familiar?"
Elder Xue asked.
"Familiar aura?"
Luo Nian shook his head.
This was the first time he had seen these things.
Elder Xue thought for a moment, then poked his head into the transparent water.
"Splash!"
When he dived into the transparent body of water, the greyish thing in the body of water quickly swam towards him and spread out into sharp teeth to bite him.
But Elder Xue only poked his head in, and before the thing could bite him, he had already retreated.
"Splash!"
The grey thing couldn't leave the water, and could only spread out on the water for a while before slowly retreating.
Elder Xue seemed to enjoy teasing this thing. When the grey thing had just swam away, he stuck his head into the transparent water again, attracting the grey thing back.
He played back and forth four or five times … "Elder Xue, why are you doing this?"
Luo Nian thought he was teasing the thing in the transparent water.
"I'm trying to sense their aura, but the water blocks most of their aura. It's very difficult to sense them, so I want to confirm it a few more times."
"What aura is it?"
Luo Nian couldn't figure it out.
Elder Xue smiled, "I already know." He pointed to his head, "The wisp of consciousness that connected to our minds before, its aura is very similar to theirs!"
Luo Nian's interest was immediately piqued, "The thing in the water is very similar to their consciousness …" "It's possible that this is the soul of a Yang clan member." Elder Xue's hypothesis was even bolder.
"The soul of a Yang clan member …" Luo Nian was surprised, but also somewhat doubtful, "But why would they put their soul here?
Just to snipe us? "
Elder Xue stared at the thing in the water for a while before saying, "I'm not sure, but it's very likely a reward."
"Reward?"
Luo Nian didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
That Hun had just died a miserable death right in front of them. How could this have anything to do with the reward?
Furthermore, a few days ago, the two Hun Clan members had also climbed to this height, but they also stopped here.
Elder Xue didn't care about Luo Nian's mocking expression. Instead, he continued to analyze, "It's impossible for the Yang race to set up an obstacle that cannot be passed."
"That's just because we haven't found the method. It can't be a reward …" Luo Nian insisted.
At this time, Elder Xue stared at Luo Nian and said, "Do you think the probability of finding a human who is similar to you or even weaker to enter Levita and pass the six tests just now is high?"
Luo Nian didn't know why Elder Xue would ask such a question. After thinking for a moment, he said, "The probability of passing is very high!"
"But over the countless years, more than two million people from the six deep space races have entered Levita, and yet only you, me, and three Huns have made it here. Don't you find it strange?"
Elder Xue asked again.
Indeed, Luo Nian didn't think so much. But now that Elder Xue asked, Luo Nian said, "Aren't these so-called six deep space races a little too stupid …" For humans, even if they were placed in the wilderness, it would take them at most tens of thousands of years to develop intelligence. After a few thousand years, they would develop civilization and rapidly prosper.
The six deep space races were born far earlier than that, and the Hun Clan had Elder Xue's teachings.
It was indeed a little unreasonable for them to still be so stupid.
"After the deep space shattered, it lost the conditions for a higher civilization. These six deep space races are like the earthworms and ants that live underground. They have been restricted since birth, so no matter how hard I try to teach them, it doesn't help. They are still stupid in many things …" Elder Xue then asked, "If you put a strand of your soul into an ant, what will happen to the earthworm's brain?"
"A headshot?"
Luo Nian asked tentatively. He had never done such a boring thing.
"Yes." Elder Xue pointed at the white ash on the ground. "From the perspective of the Hun Clan, the Hun Clan are the ants, earthworms, and insects of the underground. They can't bear the soul of a Hun Clan member, which is why their heads exploded."
"Then, Elder Xue, do you think … we won't explode?"
Luo Nian asked.
"We have no choice but to take the risk!"
Whoosh!
Elder Xue dived into the transparent body of water.
Although he had the physical body of a Hun, his soul was that of a human spirit. Even though he came from the Overworld, he was still confident that he was stronger than the Hun Clan.
"Whoosh …" That gray, blurry thing quickly grew out "teeth" and bit Elder Xue. Then, it kept drilling into his mind. This scene was extremely terrifying.
Elder Xue's eyes rolled back and his body spasmed … Luo Nian was so nervous that he didn't know where to put his hands. He was afraid that Elder Xue's head would explode in the next moment.
One breath, two breaths, three breaths … After about twenty breaths, Elder Xue finally stopped trembling. He calmly floated in the transparent body of water and looked at Luo Nian with a profound look in his eyes. At the same time, he hooked his finger at Luo Nian.
"He really took it!"
Luo Nian said excitedly. He wanted to dive into the transparent body of water, but he stopped as soon as he approached the head of the body of water.
He had forgotten that he was different from Elder Xue.
Elder Xue was a human spirit, and one of the strongest among them. Luo Nian was a human from the Overworld of Chaos and was only a True God. The difference was too great.
Elder Xue might be able to take it, but he might not be able to.
"Elder Xue, why don't I wait here for you? You can save me after you get the Skyring Staff," Luo Nian said with a grin.
Unexpectedly, Elder Xue swam out of the transparent body of water and reached out with one hand, grabbing Luo Nian by the neck and dragging him into the transparent body of water.
"Gurgle, gurgle …" At the same time that Luo Nian dived into the body of water, another gray blob came straight for him.
It was as if he saw a gray blooming flower. The petals wrapped around his head before drilling into Luo Nian's brain.
Whoosh!
The next moment, Luo Nian felt a swelling pain as a powerful soul force drilled into his brain.
This soul force was extremely pure and had no imprint. It was completely ownerless, so Luo Nian naturally absorbed it very smoothly.
At the same time, Luo Nian felt an intense swelling pain. This powerful soul force felt like it was about to burst his head open.

Chapter 3833
Luo Nian had never suffered much in his life, so how could he bear such pain?
At this moment, he didn't have any other thoughts except to faint. However, the soul force continued to strengthen Luo Nian's soul, and at the same time, it gave him even more pain! This was inhumane torture … He was in so much pain that he wanted to die. Just as he was about to open his mouth, water poured in.
It took ten breaths longer than Elder Xue, but Luo Nian felt like it was as long as a century.
After the infusion of his soul was complete, Luo Nian lay there in a daze. His powerful soul gave him a new perception of the world, and he was digesting this new perception … "My soul … has become so powerful!"
After a while, Luo Nian swam out of the transparent water. Just a glance at Elder Xue gave him an incomparable aura.
Of course, Elder Xue could sense the change in Luo Nian.
As a peak expert in the main world, Elder Xue's soul was already extremely powerful. Now that the soul force of the Yang clan had been injected into him, it was three to four times stronger. However, Luo Nian was different.
Luo Nian was only a true god in the chaotic world. After receiving the soul force of the Yang clan, his soul had probably grown several times stronger! "This feeling … is too wonderful!"
He had been in so much pain that he wanted to die, but now he was very happy, as if he had experienced a rebirth.
Elder Xue was excited too. To be able to strengthen his soul to this extent was indeed a great surprise, but now he had calmed down. "Why did they inject such powerful soul force into me?"
Levita was the hope left behind after the extinction of the Yang clan. They wouldn't do such meaningless things. There had to be a reason for their souls to be strengthened.
"We'll know when we go up," Luo Nian said confidently.
Elder Xue nodded and continued to walk up the stairs.
After passing through the transparent water, there were no more green lines in front of them to restrict their path.
They climbed up one level, which was two hundred feet, and saw a ball in the middle.
This ball hung in the air like an absolute circle. No matter which side you looked at it from, there was no flaw.
However, the moment their gazes came into contact with the sphere, they felt a sense of loneliness and desolation. This sphere seemed to exist for all eternity. It had no beginning, no end, and no meaning … "What's going on with this sphere?"
Luo Nian asked.
Elder Xue studied the sphere as he walked. He shook his head to indicate that he did not know either.
At this moment, a faint beam of light appeared in front of the two of them. The beam of light constantly changed and gradually took form. It was the little girl that Luo Nian had seen several times in the illusion.
"We meet again," the little girl said indifferently.
Luo Nian looked around and asked nervously, "This isn't an illusion, right …?" "No." The little girl shook her head.
Elder Xue could tell that the little girl herself was an illusion.
"Then … what are you going to do?"
Luo Nian asked.
He actually understood that the little girl represented Levita, but Levita needed an image to communicate with Luo Nian, so he created her.
"As your guide, I will guide you up," the little girl said expressionlessly.
"No need. We have our own legs." Luo Nian waved his hand.
The little girl pointed to the sphere and explained, "This is the Thoughtless World. It's actually an infinitely small and infinitely large point. It contains everything and is empty at the same time. It's a one-grid world."
Luo Nian did not take the little girl's words to heart, but Elder Xue's expression changed greatly. "This is a one-grid world?
A real one-grid world? "
"Of course not." The little girl stared at Elder Xue with a mocking look. "The Thoughtless World contains all matter. Not a single needle can escape. If the Thoughtless World really appeared, you would all become part of it. How could you stand here?"
"This Thoughtless World was made by the Yang clan?"
Elder Xue asked again.
"We didn't make it." The little girl shook her head. "This was created by 'From'."
"Who is' From '?"
Elder Xue asked again.
The little girl tilted her head and thought for a moment. "From is from. It owns everything and creates everything." The little girl continued after a simple explanation. "Next, you just need to climb up."
"What's so difficult about that …" Luo Nian shrugged.
The atmosphere in the Thoughtless World was indeed strange, but so what if it was strange?
At most, it would only affect his mood. Luo Nian didn't even look at it and climbed to the higher level.
The little girl looked at Luo Nian's indifferent look and just smiled without explaining.
After walking around the Levita Tower twice, they climbed to a height of two hundred and thirty feet. At this time, the ball disappeared, and the indescribable desolate atmosphere also disappeared.
But in the center of the tower, there was a huge wall. There were countless lines on the wall, and these lines were very complicated. All kinds of squares and circles were intertwined together, and many lines formed strange things.
"The Wall World, the second grid world," the little girl said.
For Luo Nian and Elder Xue, the Wall World was just a picture. But this picture was much better than the Thoughtless World. They could even feel the vitality of the Wall World. The lines inside formed a moving picture, which was a living creature.
"This is not a test at all. It's like looking at flowers on horseback." Luo Nian shrugged.
The little girl smiled coldly. "Because the Thoughtless World and the Wall World are lower than the level of the world you are in, you will not be affected by the low-level world. When you ascend to a higher level world, I hope you can still talk like this."
Hearing the little girl's words, Elder Xue was slightly stunned, and immediately understood why the Yang clan gave him and Luo Nian strong soul power.
Next, they would probably experience the baptism of the higher level world. The higher the level of the world, the more information it contained, and the higher the requirements for the soul … If it was only a six-grid world, could they bear it with their own ability?
If there were seven or even eight grids, then perhaps … Elder Xue was worried, and his eyes suddenly fell on Luo Nian.
This kid, as a three-grid world creature, could move freely in four-grid or five-grid worlds. Perhaps he could cross those higher level worlds?
Elder Xue thought so, but he didn't say it out loud. Instead, he climbed step by step with Luo Nian.
After climbing more than twenty feet, what appeared in front of them was the three-grid world, which was the world Luo Nian was most familiar with.
Luo Nian had been away from the chaotic world for a long time. Suddenly seeing everything familiar, he felt a little homesick.
Then it was the four-grid world. This time it was Elder Xue's turn to be nostalgic. After all, he stayed in the five-grid world for a long time.
When they climbed to a height of thirty feet, they entered the fifth grid world. This grid world naturally posed no difficulty for them.
But when Luo Nian saw the creatures in the fifth grid world, he couldn't help but laugh. "Yang clan, Yang clan people look like this?"
Elder Xue had never seen a Yang clan person, and he didn't expect them to look so charmingly naive. But he didn't lose his composure like Luo Nian. Instead, he winked at Luo Nian. Don't forget that Levita's guide was still here. She came from the Yang clan.

Chapter 3834
The little girl leading the way didn't mind Luo Nian's rudeness.
There was a huge gap between civilizations, she couldn't even understand why Luo Nian was smiling.
She led the two of them up another twenty feet and saw the sixth grid world.
Elder Xue stopped in front of the six grid world.
The stairs in front of him had disappeared. All he could see were pieces of square frames. These frames fused with each other to form a larger frame, and then quickly split apart. It looked incredible.
As a creature of the four grid world, Elder Xue already had a hard time understanding the deep space. It was only by chance that he obtained the body of the Hun that he barely adapted to it. It would be even harder for him to adapt to the six grid world.
"This is the No Limit Realm, you will have a hard time adapting," the little girl said calmly.
"Even if I can't adapt, can I still find my way through?"
Elder Xue suddenly asked.
Since they were already in Levita, Elder Xue wanted to take the chance to leave alive.
If he couldn't do it himself, he could pin his hopes on Luo Nian. If Luo Nian was still unimpeded, he could just drag him up.
"Of course not," the little girl was a bit confused by Elder Xue's words, "You must fully adapt to this world and see everything clearly in order to pass."
"Adapt?
See everything clearly? "
Elder Xue was excited, "It's almost impossible for creatures of a lower level world to do this, even the powerful beings of your clan can't do it …" "Why can't it be done?
Just accept the soul spark reincarnation, this way the creatures of the fifth grid world will be able to see the sixth grid world clearly. Why else do you think Levita gave you such powerful soul energy? It's so you can withstand the soul spark reincarnation … "the little girl explained.
After hearing this explanation, Elder Xue finally understood.
The Four Spirit Sects also had a similar method, and that was the famous "Crimson Jade Ritual". After the ritual, a creature of the three grid would be successfully transformed into a creature of the four grid. The Crimson Jade Ritual was researched by the Great Conjecture Institute.
Although the Crimson Jade Ritual could transform a creature of the three grid into a creature of the four grid, the process would also be painful. If the ritual failed, the creature of the three grid would also be destroyed.
"Then let's see how many times I can withstand the soul spark reincarnation!"
With that, Elder Xue took a step forward.
When he stepped into the Thoughtless Limit Realm, he felt that his body had also turned into countless square frames of various sizes. Everything in front of him changed drastically, and he could not adapt to this change at all.
Just as Elder Xue was panicking, he saw a bright red square frame appear. The frame enveloped him and Elder Xue felt his body being cut into pieces.
This sensation didn't come from his body but directly from his soul. It wasn't an exaggeration to call it an illusion. The problem was that Elder Xue couldn't tell at all. He only felt that his body and soul were being sliced into countless pieces. This pain was inescapable, and he couldn't even faint. He could only resist it with his willpower.
After the time it took for an incense stick to burn, the entire process finally stopped.
The boxes began to take their positions, lining up and combining with each other to form a unique pattern. Elder Xue also understood this pattern and the steps in the six boxes world.
"I … have completed the Soul Spark Reincarnation?"
Elder Xue said.
"Yes." The little girl stood by the side, completely unaffected by the six-grid world. "It's his turn now."
Of course, she was referring to Luo Nian.
Luo Nian had seen Elder Xue's pained expression just now, and now he was particularly nervous. "If … if I can understand the six-grid world, can I not undergo the Soul Spark Reincarnation?"
The little girl glanced at him coldly. "What nonsense are you spouting?"
Luo Nian helplessly took a step forward, then began to walk up the steps.
The rules of the two worlds were completely different. Those who hadn't undergone the Soul Spark Reincarnation would find it difficult to move around, but Luo Nian really was walking around mindlessly … This time, it was the little girl's turn to change her expression. "You … come from the six-grid world?
Or perhaps you've already undergone the Soul Spark Reincarnation? "
Luo Nian shrugged.
He truly had no problems traversing through different worlds.
As for the Soul Spark Reincarnation, how would he know?
The pale Elder Xue still hadn't recovered from his shock. When he saw Luo Nian so relaxed, a smile appeared on his face. Whether or not he succeeded, at least he had Luo Nian as a guarantee … As he climbed up the steps of the six-grid world, Luo Nian's gaze constantly turned to the center of the tower.
"Hey, what are those square stone steles erected there?"
Luo Nian asked.
"Those aren't stone steles. They're Shengming," the little girl replied.
"Are they tombstones erected for Shengming?"
Luo Nian asked again.
"Shengming is the strongest race in the Thoughtless Limit World. They're also the race that inherited our Yang clan!"
The little girl finally grew impatient. According to the rules, she shouldn't have any emotional fluctuations, but this guy in front of her was really … "What kind of creature looks like stone steles? Such an unlucky race. They're even funnier than the Yang clan." Luo Nian shrugged.
Elder Xue, who was walking at the front, was also speechless. He could only shake his head inwardly.
After climbing past the sixth grid world, they were already at a height of three hundred and sixty feet. When the little girl began her introduction, Elder Xue's legs were trembling slightly.
If he had the chance to experience the Soul Spark Reincarnation in the past, he would've been overjoyed.
However, after successfully enduring the Soul Spark Reincarnation, the pain was truly unbearable. Inferring from the little girl's words, the higher the level of the world, the more painful the Soul Spark Reincarnation would be! "The seventh grid world, God's Immeasurable. Please enter," the little girl said.
This time, the little girl focused her gaze on Luo Nian. She wanted to see Luo Nian endure the torture of the Soul Spark Reincarnation.
Unexpectedly, Luo Nian walked in casually and looked at the center of Levita. His eyes lit up as if he had discovered a new continent. He shouted, "It's bamboo. So many bamboos. Are these bamboos the natives of God's Immeasurable?"
"This guy …" The little girl looked at Luo Nian. On the one hand, she was furious. On the other hand, she was surprised.
He wasn't a creature of five or six grids. Was he a creature of seven grids?
Otherwise, why couldn't the Soul Spark Reincarnation be activated?
It couldn't be that something had happened to Levita and he couldn't perform the Soul Spark Reincarnation, right?
While she was puzzled, Elder Xue had already stepped into the seventh grid world and was tortured to death by the Soul Spark Reincarnation.
When the little girl looked at Luo Nian again, she finally realized that she had been waiting for a weirdo who couldn't be measured by common sense.
"Worlds of different levels don't affect you?"
The little girl couldn't help but ask.
"I don't know." Luo Nian really couldn't answer this question. He pointed at the stairs and said, "Won't you understand if we keep going up?"

Chapter 3835
Luo Nian also wanted to understand the problem with his body. This was a good opportunity.
Each layer was more complex than the last, more obscure than the last, but he could easily pass through each one.
He wanted to know what was his connection to these worlds … Elder Xue was tortured for a long time. The reincarnation of the seventh grid world was even more cruel, but he finally managed to survive. His face was very ugly.
If the complexion of the Hun people was poor, their faces would first turn white, but after a certain degree of whiteness, their faces would begin to wrinkle. Now, Elder Xue's face was wrinkled like a ball of paper. It was easy to imagine what he had just experienced.
"Go, go, keep going …" Elder Xue said weakly.
Luo Nian saw him like this and said worriedly, "Do you want to rest?"
In any case, Levita didn't set a time limit.
But the little girl said, "It's no use. After the reincarnation of the soul, he's been under great pressure. This pressure can't be removed."
Elder Xue nodded. The Four Spirit Sect's "Scarlet Jade Sacrifice" was the same. Although it could turn a three grid life form into a four grid life form, they had to bear great mental pressure forever.
Elder Xue was able to withstand the pressure of crossing a single grid world. However, Elder Xue was a four-grid living being. Now that he had crossed a seven-grid world, the pressure was too great.
"Then what do we do?
Go back? "
Luo Nian frowned.
The little girl glared at Luo Nian, "I don't mind ending his life now."
She had the authority to do so.
Luo Nian could only keep his mouth shut. He went up to support Elder Xue, who was struggling to walk, and slowly climbed up. Elder Xue said slowly, "It seems like my life will end in the eighth grid world. Cough cough … If you die, what will happen to me?"
Luo Nian said gloomily.
His personality was like this. When he didn't have anyone to rely on, he had a trace of ambition. Now that he finally found Elder Xue to communicate with, he immediately returned to his original state. He panicked that Elder Xue was going to die.
But as soon as Luo Nian finished speaking, Elder Xue used all his strength to grab Luo Nian's clothes. He didn't know where the strength came from, but he lifted Luo Nian up by one foot. "You have to know what to do! Even if you die, you have to get the Skyring Staff! "
"Even if I get it, I don't know how to go back," Luo Nian said in a low voice.
"I'm not really dead! I'll take you back to the Main Realm. Don't forget that the real me is still outside Skywheel City! "
Elder Xue recovered a little from his excitement, and the wrinkles on his face lessened.
"Alright, I'll try my best …" Luo Nian replied.
"Louder!"
Elder Xue said excitedly.
"I'll do my best!"
Luo Nian roared.
The pair of hands that gripped his collar slowly loosened, and Elder Xue continued to climb up with a hunched back.
With Luo Nian's speed, it would only take ten breaths of time to walk three laps around Levita from a height of thirty feet, but Elder Xue walked for a full three incense sticks worth of time.
After reaching the end of the seventh grid world, the eighth grid world appeared in front of them.
"Boundless Will."
It was a world full of colors.
In Elder Xue's eyes, there were countless dyes splashed together, entangled, intertwined, and mixed, but the dyes were incompatible with each other.
Even though he knew that he would die if he took that step, Elder Xue patted Luo Nian's chest and walked in without hesitation.
Elder Xue thought that he was very lucky to be able to enjoy the scenery of the eighth grid world, "Boundless Will".
But the moment he entered that world, Elder Xue felt himself being split into countless tiny things, and then slowly eroded away. He finally fell in front of the reincarnation of his soul.
After Luo Nian entered the eighth grid world, he still looked like a normal person.
The little girl on the side clicked her tongue in wonder, but Luo Nian's mood wasn't very good. Although he hadn't known Elder Xue for a long time, he was still the one who guided him into Levita. Moreover, Elder Xue was an important figure in the Four Spirit Gates, and his father Luo Zheng being able to reach this step was all thanks to this old man.
He wasn't in the mood to enjoy the scenery of the Boundless Realm, but instead strode upwards … The deep space races outside Levita had already exploded; they had witnessed the entire process from beginning to end.
Not long after the Xiong people entered, one of them died. The Icy Monkey clansmen were still ridiculing them; after all, the deep space races rarely died at a height of two to three feet. But after that, the Xiong people took their time and reached the height of two hundred feet.
No one had ever broken the height of two hundred feet. The deep space races all stared fixedly at this scene, but they didn't expect that not long after, there would be two dots of light that passed this stage, and then continued upwards … When one of the dots of light disappeared, the deep space races all cried out in alarm.
Some of the deep space races were happy, and some were regretful … most of them hoped that their race would be able to climb up Levita, but there were still some people who feared death. They were more willing to see someone end this "man-eating" tower, and now the Xiong people were their only hope.
"Four hundred feet …" "Is the last person Elder Xue?"
"It might be the new person who joined …" The deep space races all stared at the last dot of light with different thoughts, their hearts full of nervousness.
In the oval-shaped building at the edge of the square, the Xiong "little monster" left behind didn't even blink.
It had entered on the same day as Luo Nian. If the Levita Tower was completely destroyed, it would be responsible for this place in the future.
Seeing the green dots of light disappear one after another, its heart was gradually filled with fear, but it could do nothing except kneel down and mumble a series of prayers … Four hundred and ten feet … Four hundred and twenty feet … Four hundred and thirty feet … "Immeasurable Realm."
Four hundred and forty feet … Four hundred and fifty feet … Four hundred and sixty feet … "Immeasurable Realm."
Four hundred and seventy feet … Four hundred and eighty feet … Four hundred and ninety feet … "Immeasurable Realm."
Every time a world rose to a new level, the scene presented would change completely, and it would give people a very novel feeling.
With the personality of his father, Luo Zheng, he would imprint everything in his heart.
But Luo Nian had a look of boredom, and he felt a little tired after seeing so many dramatic changes of beautiful scenery.
"The Immeasurable Realm is a twelve-grid world, and it's also the world closest to perfection. Worlds one level higher than the Immeasurable Realm are called the Immeasurable Realm …" The little girl talked endlessly.
"Have you reached the top?"
Luo Nian interrupted her.
"The thirteen-grid Immeasurable Realm can't be restored, it can't even be 'imitated', so there are only twelve-grid small worlds in the Levita Tower …" The little girl explained stubbornly.
"I just want to know if you've reached the top!"
Luo Nian interrupted her again.
"You …" The little girl was speechless and said angrily, "It's four hundred and ninety feet now. The top is the top, go in and take it if you can!"

Chapter 3836
Luo Nian raised his head and looked up, then strode forward without hesitation.
He had already come this far, what was there to be afraid of?
When he reached the end of the Infinite Realm, he reached the top of the stairs. In front of Luo Nian was a normal stone door. The surface of the door was very rough, very inconsistent with the exquisite Levita.
Luo Nian didn't think too much and pushed the door open.
"Crack crack crack …" This door hadn't been opened for many years. The rough material didn't decay. With a sharp sound, the door was pushed open by Luo Nian.
The moment he opened the door, Luo Nian paused.
The space inside the door was also very rough.
It was as though someone had used small stones to pave the space. The surface was very rough.
It was worth mentioning that the space inside the door belonged to the fifth grid world. Levita had returned to normal here, but to Luo Nian, it didn't matter if it was normal or not.
"Where is the Skyring Staff?"
Luo Nian turned and asked the little girl.
The little girl stood at the door and didn't enter. She didn't have permission to enter the top floor.
"You can go in and find it yourself." The little girl was still very dissatisfied with Luo Nian.
Luo Nian nodded and entered the top floor space to look around.
He quickly found a purple crystal pillar at the center of the top floor space. There seemed to be something inside this purple crystal pillar. When he walked closer, he found that there was something like a piece of dead wood inside the purple crystal pillar.
He frowned and thought about what this thing was when he slapped his head. "A staff … this is the Skyring Staff!"
This staff seemed to have grown naturally. Its shape was so strange that Luo Nian couldn't react in time.
The only possibility left on Levita's top floor was the Skyring Staff! Thinking that he finally got the most important thing, Luo Nian was very excited.
He immediately took two steps back, one hand forming a palm, the other a fist, and punched at the purple crystal pillar.
"Dong …" A very light muffled sound was heard.
The purple crystal pillar didn't move.
Luo Nian's expression changed several times. He channeled a few more techniques and abilities.
Unfortunately, with his True God cultivation, if he could show off in the universe, it wasn't enough in the divine realm, much less the fifth grid world.
Even if he "worked hard" to squeeze himself to the limit, the purple crystal pillar still didn't move. It didn't even shake, much less leave a mark.
Luo Nian also knew his own limitations. He knew that he was too far behind.
"It's a pity that Elder Xue couldn't hold on any longer and perished. If he had come here with me, that Xiong person's body should have been able to smash through …" After this fruitless attempt, Luo Nian returned to the door to seek help from the little girl.
After all, she was the guide of the Leviathan, and it was not easy for him to reach the top of the tower. He could not let his efforts go to waste just because he could not break the stone pillars.
When the little girl heard Luo Zheng's words, she was also puzzled. "This is beyond my scope. I can't enter this door, and I can't understand the information inside. However … I think with Cong's infinite wisdom, he will definitely not leave you with a dead end. You have to search inside."
Luo Nian felt that this made sense and returned to the empty top floor.
"Other than the amethyst pillar and these rough stones, there's nothing else. Since I can't open the amethyst pillar, I can only find the answer in these rough stones?"
Luo Nian looked at the nearest rough stone. After a careful examination, he found that there were small protrusions on these rough stones, like fist-sized lumps.
"Is there something hidden inside?"
A thought flashed through Luo Nian's mind.
He reached out his hand and dug at the protrusions.
These rough stones were formed by sticking sand together, and the texture was soft. Luo Nian dug out countless grains of sand.
As Luo Nian dug more and more, the surface sand was finally removed, and an oval-shaped object was revealed. It felt soft to the touch, like a piece of meat embedded in the stone. Luo Nian could even feel the heat and energy from it.
"What is this …" Luo Nian did not think much, and grabbed the "meat" with both hands to pull it out.
But just as his hands grabbed it, the "meat" became very soft, and his ten fingers sank directly into it.
Luo Nian was a little surprised. He wanted to pull it out, but the meat stuck to his hands as he pulled it out. The whole "meat" was like melted sugar, completely integrated with his hands. He couldn't get rid of it even if he wanted to.
"This thing, it got into my hands …" Luo Nian looked surprised.
"Calm down! Calm down! "
Luo Nian shouted in his heart.
The only thing he could rely on now was himself, so he must not panic! Although the "meat" kept fusing into his hands, there was no pain in the whole process. Instead, there was a burst of warmth.
The "meat" itself became part of Luo Nian's body, spreading along the surface of his arms. It looked scary, but it was not harmful at all.
After about half an hour, the "meat" was completely fused. Luo Nian only felt that his hands had become a bit thicker. It looked a bit awkward, but he could still use it freely. What surprised Luo Nian even more was that his strength had increased by quite a bit! The "meat" itself contained an amazing amount of energy! "This is … a reward!"
Luo Nian suddenly realized.
When Levita was two hundred feet tall, he had given them souls as a reward. Now Luo Nian was rewarded with a physical body! "As long as I absorb enough meat, I can break that amethyst pillar!"
Luo Nian's mind became clearer.
Without saying a word, he went straight to the nearest rough stone and touched the protrusions on the surface of the stone. After removing a thin layer on the surface, he could see the "meat" with a strange color.
Luo Nian grabbed the "meat" with both hands and let it fuse into his body.
There were three to four hundred of such rough stones in the space above. Luo Nian did not seem to be annoyed at all. He dug them out one by one and fused them … As more and more "meat" was fused, Luo Nian felt a tremendous change in his body. Just his size alone had expanded by four times! "My soul is already comparable to the experts in deep space. Now that my physical body has reached this standard, if I return to the chaotic world, just the strength of my physical body alone will give Father a shock …" Luo Nian thought as he grabbed at the last lump of stone.
With his current strength, he only needed to grab lightly to pull out the "meat" hidden inside.
After swallowing the last "meat" into his body, Luo Nian went straight to the amethyst pillar.
"The Skyring Staff is mine!"
With that, Luo Nian clenched his hand into a fist and punched at the amethyst pillar.
"Crack!"
The top half of the indestructible amethyst pillar suddenly shattered, revealing the top half of the Skyring Staff.

Chapter 3837
From the outside, there was nothing special about the Sky Ring Staff.
It was just a piece of withered wood that was thin at the bottom and thick at the top. However, the messy tree crown at the top looked bloated and complicated, giving it a mysterious feeling of delicacy.
Luo Nian reached out his hand that had expanded several times and grabbed the Sky Ring Staff.
He couldn't pull it out of the purple crystal.
Luo Nian was afraid that the staff would break, so he punched the bottom half of the purple crystal a few more times, smashing it completely before pulling the Sky Ring Staff out.
"Does this Sky Ring Staff really have the ability to turn the situation around?"
He looked left and right, then looked again, then injected a strand of consciousness into it. The strand of consciousness disappeared as soon as it entered.
"It's useless?"
Luo Nian paused and walked towards the door with the Sky Ring Staff. The little girl still stood there silently.
If the Sky Ring Staff was taken away, Levita would lose its meaning and she would disappear as well. Of course, it would take a long time.
"Hey, how do I use this Sky Ring Staff?"
Luo Nian asked.
The little girl shook her head as usual. "I don't know."
"You don't know anything …" Luo Nian's goal was to bring the Sky Ring Staff back to Luo Zheng, so he wasn't in a hurry to find an answer. "Then how do I leave this place?"
At this moment, a strong suction force came from the Sky Ring Staff and drew a small part of Luo Nian's power.
"Whoosh whoosh …"
A strand of purple light circled around the Sky Ring Staff and shot towards the ceiling of Levita's top floor.
The moment the purple light hit the ceiling, the entire top of Levita began to change!
The deep space races at the bottom of Levita saw the green light climb to the top. Just as they were getting anxious, the green light suddenly disappeared. Usually, when the green light went out, it meant that the living beings in the tower were dead.
Some of the deep space races cheered. They couldn't get it and didn't want the Hun Tribe to get it. However, a small group of deep space races were filled with regret. They didn't want to die in Levita and hoped that someone would end this cruel situation.
But after the green light was extinguished for a while, a purple light slowly appeared. Then, the top of the Levita Tower that looked like a "chimney" slowly opened like a blooming flower. It expanded in all directions, and a burly figure walked out from it.
"Hum …"
At this moment, all the lines on the huge square turned green.
Luo Nian glanced at the green lines. "Does this mean that the restrictions on this square have been lifted?"
Then he jumped down from the top of Levita Tower, and after floating in the air for a while, he landed accurately in front of the door of the oval-shaped building on the far right.
The "little monster" of the Hun Tribe stood at the entrance of the building and watched in a daze as Luo Nian landed in front of it. For a moment, it was unable to come back to its senses. By the time it came back to its senses, it was mumbling something in its mouth, then it lay on the ground and kowtowed to Luo Nian.
"Hey, there's no need to be so courteous …" Luo Nian was a little speechless.
These deep-space races were indeed simple-minded.
In fact, Elder Xue had taught them many principles, but they still believed in the primitive tribes. Elder Xue had no choice but to "disguise" himself as their god, because this was the only way to effectively command the Hun tribe.
When the deep-space races saw Luo Nian fly down with a staff, their eyes were bloodshot.
After the restriction on the giant square was lifted, they rushed toward Luo Nian without any communication.
By the time Luo Nian had helped the "little monster" up, he saw the strange races rushing towards him.
"Wu wu wu wu …"
"Guga, guga …"
"Wah, wah!"
The deep-space races let out a series of roars. Luo Nian could not understand a single word. In the entire deep space, Elder Xue was probably the only one who had learned the language of the six deep-space races.
He did not understand, but Luo Nian could roughly guess what they were saying.
It was nothing more than nonsense like "Hand over the Skyring Staff, or we'll kill you."
The little monster mumbled something on the side, then a trace of courage appeared on its face. It actually stood in front of Luo Nian to protect him, but as soon as it stood still, Luo Nian reached out a large hand and threw it to the side.
"I'm not like when I first entered the deep space. I don't need your protection …"
Luo Nian was overjoyed when he received the soul power reward. This was a step to the top. Unfortunately, his physical body was still so weak. Now, his physical body was terrifyingly strong. He could feel great power surging in his body with every movement, and he was just worried that he had no target to release this power to.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Nian swung the Skyring Staff like a wooden stick and pointed it at the deep-space races.
The three leading Icy Apes were the first to jump out, and immediately pounced on Luo Nian with their agile figures.
These deep-space races were not very smart, but they were still a race born in deep space. Their physical talents were far stronger than the beings of the Main World, and even more so than the beings of the Primal Chaos World.
But now, strictly speaking, Luo Nian was a member of the Nurturing Race, a top expert of the Nurturing Race!
The Icy Apes were unimaginably fast, but in Luo Nian's eyes, they were extremely slow.
He raised the Skyring Staff and charged forward. "Smash, smash, smash."
The three Icy Apes did not know what was going on. They only felt their vision blur and their backs hurt. An irresistible force came crashing down on them, and they were already lying on the ground.
The other deep-space races saw the same thing, but they didn't get hit by the attack.
Luo Nian was afraid of breaking the Skyring Staff, so he held back most of his power. Otherwise, how could these Icy Apes still be alive?
"I know you are stupid, but you don't have to come here to seek death."
Luo Nian glared at the other deep-space races.
When the deep-space races saw the Icy Apes in such a state, they no longer had any will to fight …
With this glare, they all took a few steps back, not daring to charge forward.
"Let's go!"
Luo Nian turned around and threw the "little monster" on his back. With a leap, he flew out of the huge plaza.
After passing the perimeter of the plaza, Luo Nian looked up and found that he was at the highest point in Skywheel City.
Those spiders had carried him up the stairs for a long time, and they had climbed up from underground.
"Gurgle, gurgle …"
The little monster cried out as it pointed in a direction on Luo Nian's back.
Although Luo Nian could not communicate with it, he roughly understood that it was pointing in the direction of the Xiong Tribe.
After flying towards the southwest of the Skywheel City for some distance, Luo Nian saw a giant strata floating in the air. Each strata had a diameter of hundreds of miles. These giant strata should have once been a complete continent.
Following the little monster's directions, Luo Nian flew toward one of the huge pieces of ground.
Before he could get close, the little monster let out a series of excited cries. Luo Nian looked over and saw black pillars of smoke rising from the center of the huge piece of ground!

Chapter 3838
Below the black pillars was a large city. This was the settlement of the Xiong Tribe.
The settlements of these deep space races were very crude and maintained the form of primitive tribes. Elder Xue had brought some unique construction techniques to the Xiong Tribe and helped the Xiong Tribe build a beautiful city. However, this city was now destroyed.
Yu Yi.
The deep space races in the plaza had a way to send the news out.
In reality, when the Xiong Tribe climbed two hundred feet to Levita a few days ago, the news had spread to the other deep space races. On one hand, they hoped that Elder Xue could discover the secrets of Levita. On the other hand, they wanted to obtain complete information from Elder Xue.
Therefore, when to attack the Xiong Tribe was very important.
While the deep space races were still hesitating, Elder Xue and Luo Nian went out personally and reached two hundred feet. When the deep space races received this news, they did not hesitate. No matter how stupid they were, they knew they had to act as soon as possible.
Therefore, before Luo Nian reached the top of Levita, the five deep space races had already set off for the Xiong Tribe.
In the middle of the settlement was a wooden, stacked loft. Beneath the wooden loft was a slender underground passageway. In the innermost layer of the passageway was an underground secret room where the white-haired Elder Xue sat.
"Bam bam bam …"
A series of muffled sounds came from above.
"What … is that sound?" Elder Xue asked.
Elder Xue's main body was still a creature with four boxes. Even though he had stayed in the deep space for a long time, he was still limited by his life's level. His recognition of the surrounding scenery was still very blurry. Although he heard the huge muffled sound, he couldn't tell what it was.
He could only hear the sound.
"Elder Xue … they are attacking the pavilion …" A red-robed Hun man said from the side.
Elder Xue did not move from his spot. He only murmured, "They came so quickly?"
In reality, when Elder Xue had planned to go to Levita with Luo Nian, he had already guessed that this day would come.
"Elder Xue … I will take you to escape through the tunnel!" the Xiong said.
Elder Xue had built complex tunnels in the bottom level to make it easier for the Xiong Tribe to escape.
"Alright!"
Elder Xue nodded.
He was not someone who feared death, but after the death of his precious avatar, he placed all his hopes on Luo Nian. No matter what, he wanted to know if Luo Nian had obtained the Skyring Staff before he died.
If he couldn't see Luo Nian, he wouldn't be satisfied even if he died.
The Hun man carried Elder Xue on his back, pushed open the door of the secret room, and walked to the side of the passageway. But just as he took two steps, a spear came flying at him.
"Pu!"
Before the Hun could react, he was nailed to the wall by the spear. Elder Xue was naturally thrown to the ground.
"Who?"
Elder Xue crawled up shakily, trying his best to discern the situation before him.
In front of his eyes were circles of various sizes. Slowly, he was able to decipher their meaning. Not far away was a golden-furred Icy Ape. It had obviously snuck in from the other side of the tunnel.
"My Icy Ape Tribe has always treated Elder Xue as an honored guest. We will definitely not do any worse than those trash Xiong Tribe members. Why must Elder Xue run away?" The golden-furred Icy Ape asked.
Elder Xue pretended not to understand as he fumbled around in an attempt to leave.
But the golden-furred Icy Ape sneered and lifted Elder Xue up. With a soft yell, a layer of black light enveloped its body. Then, it brought Elder Xue straight through the ground.
As it stood on the surface, it roared with Elder Xue in hand, "Everyone, stop!"
The Xiong Tribe members were still fighting with all their might. Even though they were being pushed back, their fighting spirit was still high. But when they saw Elder Xue being captured, they all froze.
When the other deep space races saw Elder Xue, their eyes were filled with greed.
The news of Luo Nian breaching Levita hadn't reached them yet. They only wanted to get information about Levita from Elder Xue.
"We don't have a blood feud with the Xiong Tribe. As long as Elder Xue is willing to tell us the secrets of Levita, we five deep space races will retreat. How about it?" The golden-furred Icy Ape said.
"The Woodna Tribe agrees!"
"We agree too …"
"I agree!"
The deep space races immediately echoed.
The golden-furred Icy Ape placed Elder Xue in front of him and said word by word, "I know you understand our language. Don't pretend. If you don't tell us, we'll kill every last one of the Xiong Tribe members!"
This threat was fatal. Elder Xue had built up the Xiong Tribe single-handedly. He still had deep feelings for them.
It wasn't that Elder Xue didn't want to share information about Levita. But according to Levita's settings, these barbarian races didn't have the right to climb above two hundred feet!
He hesitated for a moment. The golden-furred Icy Ape made a throat-slitting gesture. "Keep killing!"
The deep space races were about to start another massacre …
"Wait!"
Elder Xue shouted. Then, he said in jerky language, "Once you're two hundred feet in front of Levita, you only need to answer a few questions …"
He could only tell the truth.
Once he told them everything he knew, he would be killed just like the Xiong Tribe.
So as he spoke, he tried to think of a way to get out of this situation. He hadn't been in such a passive situation for countless years. After all, these deep space races had conflicts with each other. They restrained each other and wouldn't join forces to attack the Xiong Tribe.
Now, he really had no way to deal with this …
Just as Elder Xue was about to fall into despair, he suddenly felt a powerful ripple.
Even someone as slow as Elder Xue could feel it. These deep space races naturally felt it even more clearly. They felt a powerful ripple of energy come from above. When they saw it clearly, that thing was only a dozen or so feet away from the golden-furred Icy Ape.
Zhang.
The golden-furred Icy Ape felt something was wrong. By the time it reacted and wanted to run, it was already too late.
"Boom!"
It felt the top of its head go dark. Luo Nian's muscular body fell like a mountain and smashed the golden-furred Icy Ape into the ground.
In Elder Xue's vision, everything else was made of rings. Only Luo Nian was clear.
When he saw Luo Nian and the wooden Skyring Staff in his hand, his heart instantly calmed down. "You, what are you doing here? Go back to the chaos world and find Lord Ku Shu … "
"I can't find my way back." Luo Nian smiled.
"But this place is too dangerous. You shouldn't have come," Elder Xue said.
"No problem!"
Luo Nian said with a confident smile.
He grabbed the Skyring Staff and knocked it against the ground twice. His power quickly weakened. The power was all absorbed by the Skyring Staff.
At the top of Levita Tower, Luo Nian had discovered this characteristic of the Skyring Staff.
This staff needed to absorb power to help him …
This time, the Skyring Staff had absorbed a little too much energy. Luo Nian felt his limbs go soft. However, the Skyring Staff suddenly released a great pressure that swept through everything. Whether it was the Hun tribe or the other tribesmen, they all felt their legs fill with lead. They were unable to get up from the ground.

Chapter 3839
Although Luo Nian had the body and soul of an expert, his abhijna was still limited to the Divine Dao of the Chaos World.
He had never comprehended the power of the Main World or the Deep Space.
He didn't know what abhijna the Skyring Staff used. When he saw everyone kneeling in front of him, he jumped in fright.
"No need … all of you kneel. There's no need for the Xiong people …" Luo Nian murmured.
As soon as he finished speaking, the Skyring Staff trembled slightly. The Xiong people on the ground felt the pressure disappear and easily climbed up from the ground.
However, as soon as they stood up, they rushed forward to surround Luo Nian and Elder Xue.
They prostrated themselves on the ground and kowtowed again and again to Luo Nian and Elder Xue. To the Xiong people, Elder Xue was a saint and god that could not be profaned. They could not accept that Elder Xue had been held hostage by the Golden Frost Ape, but Luo Nian's sudden appearance had subdued everyone. He was definitely stronger than Elder Xue.
A strong saint, an even stronger god …
Seeing the Xiong people kowtow to him, Luo Nian felt goosebumps rise on his skin. "Elder Xue, tell them not to kowtow like this. It's uncomfortable …"
Elder Xue smiled helplessly. "It's no use. The Xiong people are still in the tribal civilization stage. They value faith the most. I can help them establish faith, but it's hard to help them break it."
After they kowtowed for a while, Elder Xue said something to the Xiong people. The Xiong people charged murderously at the outsiders.
Because these outsiders had directly attacked Elder Xue, the Hun people were very angry. They did not hold back at all and executed the invaders. For a time, the smell of blood spread throughout the settlement.
Four hours later, in an exquisite wooden hall, Luo Nian and Elder Xue discussed the matter of returning.
Actually, Luo Nian knew the way back. He had come here to send the "little monster" home and bring Elder Xue back.
But Elder Xue shook his head. "I'm afraid I can't go back …"
"Why?" Luo Nian didn't understand.
Elder Xue had a strange expression. "You don't know? After the great calamity that wiped out the Four Spirit Gates, no living being in the Main World can return. Returning means death … "
Not only that, but it was also the same in the deep space.
During the decisive battle between the Yang and Dan races, there were some fish that escaped the net from both races. Now, it was unknown whether these fish that escaped the net were still alive, but they would never be able to return to the deep space. This was due to the restrictions of the rules.
In the Chaotic World, when Ku Shu heard that Taishang Laojun had met Elder Xue, he had also determined that Elder Xue was living in the deep space based on this point. This was because it was very difficult for Elder Xue to break through this restriction. It was impossible for him to cross the main world and reach the Chaotic World.
"So I have no choice but to go back alone?" Luo Nian asked regretfully.
"Yes, bringing back the Skyring Staff is the most urgent matter, we should do it sooner rather than later!" Elder Xue said.
"But the Hun Clan slaughtering those deep space races will definitely incur their revenge. Elder Xue, won't you be in danger?" Luo Nian asked.
Elder Xue smiled. "You have the Skyring Staff, and can control the life and death of all beings in the deep space. How would they dare to take revenge on me?"
While Elder Xue's words were reasonable, Luo Nian was still worried. He suddenly said to the Skyring Staff, "I want some guards to protect them … …"
The Skyring Staff once again absorbed Luo Nian's power.
"Rumble … …"
As the ground trembled, human-shaped statues climbed out of the ground. There were more than a thousand of them.
Luo Nian finally relaxed when he saw the guards created by the Skyring Staff.
But the "miracle" Luo Nian created attracted the worship of the Hun Clan … …
After doing all this, Luo Nian stepped on the path back.
He left the shattered ground and returned to Skyring City. From the center of Skyring City, he headed north to the furthest point. After passing through the passageway, he successfully found the round secret room he had come from.
After activating the teleportation formation in the secret room, rays of light entered his body from top to bottom and "devoured" him bit by bit.
From a complete person to a broken body, and then completely gone … …
Soon, Luo Nian's body appeared in the rhombus formation above the Eternal Divine Court.
Luo Nian looked around and then jumped down from the Eternal Divine Court.
"Whoosh … …"
It had taken Luo Nian several months to climb from the bottom to the top of the holy pillar, but now that he could fly freely with the Skyring Staff, it was naturally much easier to climb up and down the holy pillar.
Elder Jiang Ziya had been down there for too long. Luo Nian felt that he had to meet him first.
"Whoosh!"
When Luo Nian landed on the ground ten feet away, his body suddenly floated in mid-air and then flew towards the nearest sub-world.
In the subworld … …
Jiang Ziya was piecing together pieces of the statue.
After such a long time, Luo Nian had not been able to return to the subworld. He was most likely dead.
Jiang Ziya was not a person who gave up easily.
Back when he was exiled in Jixu Space, he did not compromise. In the end, he not only succeeded in controlling Jixu Space, but also drilled a hole in the chaos world.
He did not dare to leave the subworld now. Without Luo Nian's help, he could not climb up the holy pillar, let alone return to Jixu Space … …
After trying many plans, he focused on this statue. The statues made by the Four Spirit Gates could move freely in the Xuan Amount World.
If he could control this thing, perhaps he could find his way out bit by bit?
However, the Four Spirit Gates' craftsmanship was very high. Jiang Ziya had been piecing together for so long and only managed to repair a small part of the broken statue. It would probably take decades to completely repair it.
However, he had survived so many chaos epochs in Jixu Space. What was a mere few decades to repair a statue?
"Whoosh … …"
Today, he was immersed in repairing the statue as usual. Suddenly, he heard a slight sound.
The moment he looked up, he saw a figure flying in. It was Luo Nian, who was carrying a wooden stake on his shoulder.
Jiang Ziya's face was obviously dull. He cursed, "You little brat!" and then laughed.
Even an old monster who had lived for thousands of chaos epochs could be so emotional.
"Senior, sorry to keep you waiting!" Luo Nian smiled and greeted him.
"Why so long? I was worried that you would die up there. Did you climb to the top of the holy pillar?" Jiang Ziya asked.
Because he was isolated here, Jiang Ziya knew nothing about what happened in the chaos world.
"I did reach the top of the holy pillar, but … …" Luo Nian said.
"Did you find anything?" Jiang Ziya was even more surprised. He knew how important the Nirvana token on the holy pillar was.
"I did, but … …" Luo Nian continued.
"But what!" Jiang Ziya hurriedly asked. "Things are different from what you think. Many things happened during this time," Luo Nian explained.

Chapter 3840
Jiang Ziya was confused. "Many things? What things? "
Because it was a long story, Luo Nian thought for a while before saying, "My father brought those human heroes to Jade Clear Sky."
Jiang Ziya's expression changed. "They attacked the Yuan Ling civilization?"
"No, they're stronger than the Yuan Ling civilization …"
Luo Nian had a rough understanding of the Three Clear Sky on the Holy Pillar, and now he told Jiang Ziya what he knew.
"You said Master … Master is dead?" Jiang Ziya asked sorrowfully.
"Yes, I heard that the Primeval Lord of Heaven and the other seniors are dead, but they still have a part of their soul," Luo Nian answered.
"Then … what happened to you?" Jiang Ziya asked, sizing Luo Nian up.
Luo Nian's body had expanded several times, and he looked like a small giant. The powerful and mysterious aura he gave off made Jiang Ziya fearful. Even with Jiang Ziya's extensive knowledge, he couldn't imagine what Luo Nian had gone through.
"This is related to the Human Spirit King's mission. He asked me to go to the deep space …"
Luo Nian told him about his exploration of the Holy Pillar and his trip to the deep space to get the Skyring Staff.
After understanding the whole story, Jiang Ziya's sorrow eased a little. At the same time, he realized that the wooden stake in Luo Nian's hand was an incredible divine item.
"Since you said the Skyring Staff is omnipotent, can you let me become a creature of the Xuan Liang world?" Jiang Ziya asked.
After studying the Xuan Liang world for so long, Jiang Ziya had never seen this world properly.
"Well … I'll try. Maybe the Skyring Staff can help you reincarnate …"
Levita could release soul reincarnation, so the Skyring Staff might be able to do the same.
"What's soul reincarnation?" Jiang Ziya asked.
Luo Nian smiled. "You'll know soon …"
He could feel the Skyring Staff drawing energy from him.
Whoosh!
Then the Skyring Staff released an invisible force that enveloped Jiang Ziya.
The next moment, Jiang Ziya felt excruciating pain in every inch of his body. The pain was like an illusion that expanded infinitely, almost beyond what he could bear.
Luo Nian was actually worried that Jiang Ziya couldn't take it. After all, there was a certain risk in soul reincarnation.
However, after thinking about it carefully, although Jiang Ziya was a creature from a three-lattice world, he was not comparable to those barbaric races in the deep space. It should not be difficult for Jiang Ziya to reincarnate a soul lattice that was one level higher.
After the pain lasted for a while, Jiang Ziya slowly opened his eyes. Because he was in the Secondary World, he didn't notice anything different.
"What is this … Why are you torturing me like this?" Jiang Ziya asked weakly.
"Senior, please follow me." Luo Nian smiled.
Seeing Luo Nian walk out of the secondary world, he naturally picked up the rope on the ground. He was afraid that he would get lost in the World of Xuan Liang.
Just as he grabbed the rope and stepped into the World of Xuan Liang, those flickering light dots disappeared and were replaced by a vast, complete, and enormous world.
"This, this, the soul spark reincarnation you're talking about is …"
"It's to help you become a creature of the Xuan Liang world. If your soul is strong enough, you can even become a creature of the deep space …"
Jiang Ziya was as excited as he could be. After all, this was the world that he had studied for countless eras. Now that he could finally walk around in it, he was like a child who had just learned how to walk and ran around freely.
If there was enough time, Jiang Ziya was willing to stay in the World of Xuan Liang.
However, according to Luo Nian, the situation in the Chaotic World was very dangerous. They really couldn't waste time in the World of Xuan Liang.
…
Chaotic World.
Li Mountain.
In Jinwu, Phoenix was bored to death as she looked at the blood-red sky that was getting farther and farther away.
Ever since she led that fatty Bofan to occupy the Yu Sheng-tian world, she rarely left the Nirvana World.
Managing the Yu Sheng-tian world was very interesting. After all, she was an overlord in the Yu Sheng-tian world. No one dared to go against her. This made her feel like she was once the master of the Phoenix Nest.
She didn't expect a disaster to happen so suddenly. Those destructive energy balls could devour everything.
Phoenix could leave the Nirvana World to avoid the disaster, but Bofan couldn't. This huge four-grid world creature could only watch the energy balls fall on his head.
Not long after, Phoenix returned to the Yu Sheng-tian world. There was a huge hole in front of her. More than half of the Yu Sheng-tian world was devoured. Even the core of the Heaven's Executor was destroyed.
After that, Phoenix couldn't stay in the Nirvana World anymore. She could only return to Li Mountain and watch the Land of Beginnings expand and grow in boredom.
The speed of the expansion of the Land of Beginnings was almost beyond everyone's expectations. Even Luo Zheng didn't foresee it.
The larger the size of the Land of Beginnings, the faster it devoured those heads. The speed of expansion also increased exponentially.
The once huge Li Mountain was like a small boat in the sea compared to the Land of Beginnings.
On the Jade Platform, Luo Zheng sat cross-legged with his eyes closed. He was looking at the Chaotic World from the perspective of the Land of Beginnings.
"The Mother World didn't come close to us. It started to move away from us in the other direction," Luo Zheng said with his eyes closed.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Fuxi, Nuwa, and the Ancient Gods of Chaos were relieved.
A few days ago, the sudden appearance of the Mother World made everyone nervous.
They knew the character of the Evil Deities. They were too difficult to deal with. Once entangled with them, they would lose a layer of skin.
Although the Land of Beginnings was now bigger than the Mother World, now was definitely not the time to start a war.
Just when everyone relaxed, Luo Zheng continued, "A flying boat was released by the Mother World …"
That flying boat was not even a speck of dust compared to the Mother World, but it was still caught by Luo Zheng's sharp senses.
"Flying boat?"
"Let me stop it …"
"We can't let the Evil Deities enter the Land of Beginnings. Otherwise, there will be more trouble!"
Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others volunteered. Even "Mo" wanted to join in the fun.
Luo Zheng shook his head and said, "There's no need for you. My inner incarnation can now freely leave the Land of Beginnings. Let me go."
No matter what the Evil Deities planned, Luo Zheng would at most lose an inner incarnation. Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others did not insist.
Then, with a thought from Luo Zheng, an identical version of himself appeared on Mount Li.
The next moment, this inner incarnation appeared outside the Land of Beginnings with the flying boat, flying in the empty Chaotic World.
The distance between the Mother World and the Land of Beginnings, these two behemoths, did not seem far, but in fact, the distance between them was very far. The two flying boats took two days to travel at high speed.
The two flying boats slowly approached … Luo Zheng stood on one side of the flying boat and looked at the opposite flying boat. After the enchantment on the top of the flying boat opened, a black figure shot out directly from it and floated in the void. It looked down at Luo Zheng below and let out a burst of unruly laughter. The owner of this laughter was the Evil Deities.

Chapter 3841
Luo Zheng did not say a word, quietly waiting for the shrill laughter of Evil Deities to stop.
"I'm very happy that you're not dead," Evil Deities looked at the huge Land of Origin in the distance. "And you have such a huge Land of Origin. Is this the world I used to live in?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
"Are my children still in it?" Evil Deities asked.
"Yes, they are still half the masters of that continent," Luo Zheng replied.
Evil Deities had a strange smile on his face. "You can use them to threaten me?"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly. "You know my character, and I know your nature. It's meaningless to say this. What do you want to do?"
Luo Zheng would not do such a thing, and with the character of Evil Deities, even his beloved could not be threatened.
"Haha," Evil Deities laughed dryly, and suddenly pointed below with his finger. "There … is a common enemy!"
He pointed in the direction of the vast Chaotic World.
Without the cover of the chaotic clouds, it was just an empty void. Occasionally, some "heads" slipped through the net and wandered in it.
"Common enemy?" Luo Zheng was a little puzzled.
"The Serpent Spirit King, and the one behind the Serpent Spirit King," Evil Deities grinned. "They created a huge Land of Origin there, like a giant pyramid. That Land of Origin is bigger than mine and yours!"
The Land of Origin devouring the heads was a snowball process.
Originally, the mother world had the most advantage because the mother world was the largest, and the efficiency of devouring was far higher than the other two competitors.
But in the beginning, Evil Deities did not understand the meaning of the Serpent Spirit King, and did not know how to deal with these heads. Instead, they were overwhelmed by the heads, and even the mother world was almost devoured.
By the time Evil Deities dealt with the mother world, Luo Zheng's Land of Origin and the pyramid had already caught up, and the mother world was now lagging behind.
"The giant pyramid …" Luo Zheng gazed at the void, his eyes flickering with worry.
"If we want to deal with it, it's best if we work together," Evil Deities suggested.
Previously, when Luo Zheng led the Monkey Spirit Sect to attack the Clear Jade Heavens, he had formed a temporary alliance with the Bird Spirit Sect. Now, it seemed to be only natural for him to join forces with the Mother World controlled by the Evil Deities.
However, Luo Zheng would rather believe Bird Lord than Evil Deities. He smiled and asked, "Join forces? How?"
「 Your birthplace has become one with my homeworld 」 Evil Deities replied.
Luo Zheng asked in confusion, "Can the Land of Origin be integrated with each other?"
"I'll just use my Mother World to devour the Birthplace," Evil Deities said matter-of-factly.
"On what basis?"
Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes. Although he was not surprised by the answer, he still felt a little annoyed.
Evil Deities caught Luo Zheng's anger, and the smile on his face grew wider. "Why? On the basis that I'm stronger than you. "
"Why do you say that?" Luo Zheng's expression turned cold.
"We can try," Evil Deities smiled sinisterly, and suddenly bent a finger.
A ray of colorful light flickered on his fingertip.
It was Dao-Fusion energy.
As Evil Deities flicked his finger, the ray of light shot toward Luo Zheng's head.
Facing the sudden attack, Luo Zheng was not surprised at all.
Just as the finger light was about to hit him, his body became blurry, and then he disappeared ….
The colorful ray of light hit the flying boat, and immediately turned into a dazzling white energy ball. The entire flying boat was annihilated, and not even a piece of it escaped.
Evil Deities did not even need to observe with his eyes. He waved his hands, and a long whip made of Dao-Fusion energy spread out from his fingers, and lashed it toward the void.
Luo Zheng's figure flickered in the air. After dodging dozens of whips, he reached out and gently pinched the long whip.
"Explode," Evil Deities spat out a single word.
The long whip turned into a blazing white ball of light that enveloped Luo Zheng.
But as soon as the ball of light expanded, it miraculously shrank rapidly, and then dissipated...
Luo Zheng's fingers pinched the long whip that no longer existed, and he said indifferently, "Although Dao-Fusion energy is strong, it's still the power of a three-grid world. This is your natural limit."
"Is that so?"
Evil Deities grinned, and his figure flashed toward Luo Zheng again.
This time, Evil Deities raised his hand and waved a long whip. This time, however, the long whip was not made of Dao-Fusion energy. Instead, it was made of green, black, and red energy.
Luo Zheng grabbed the end of the long whip, and began to analyze the long whip's energy.
But the moment he analyzed it, the corners of Luo Zheng's eyes trembled slightly.
The energy that made up this long whip was...
Bloodline power...
This was the power of a four-grid world!
And there were as many as nineteen types?
Even nineteen types of bloodline power were a piece of cake for Luo Zheng. After analyzing it, traces of pale yellow energy emerged from Luo Zheng's fingers. This pale yellow energy wrapped around the three-colored long whip like a spider web, and the long whip began to rapidly disintegrate...
Evil Deities waved his hand confidently, and circles of brown ripples were released from his palm. When the brown ripples came into contact with the pale yellow energy, they actually devoured it completely.
Seeing the brown ripples, Luo Zheng was even more astonished.
Using several or even dozens of bloodline powers was not a big deal, but Evil Deities could clearly analyze the bloodline powers and find the energy to counter them, just like he could. Did this mean that Evil Deities had all of the bloodline powers?
"Buzz buzz buzz..."
When the brown ripples rolled towards Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng pointed his finger lightly, and small pieces of lightning disintegrated them again. These lightning also followed the long whip and went straight towards Evil Deities.
Both of them released various bloodline powers along the long whip, countering each other's attacks, and this continued for six or seven rounds.
Evil Deities felt a little bored, and said, "You're right, natural limitations are the scariest, so I've been studying how to break this limitation. 371 types of bloodline powers are very powerful, but it's still not enough..."
After saying this, his other hand drew a circle in the air, and a white hexagonal snowflake appeared in the circle.
Then Evil Deities lightly knocked on the hexagonal snowflake.
"Crack!"
The hexagonal snowflake shattered.
Disappeared...
Luo Zheng had a bad premonition, but he did not understand it immediately.
In the next moment, Evil Deities disappeared, but his voice slowly came.
"If I want, I can kill you a thousand times, ten thousand times..."
"In theory, I can make you have the illusion that time is frozen..."
"Unfortunately, you won't be able to feel the beauty of this state. You'll only feel confused!"
"Am I right?"
Evil Deities' voice was intertwined, as if he was speaking at the same time, but he could control the order of his voice at will.
By the time he finished speaking, Evil Deities had already appeared in front of Luo Zheng, behind him, left, and right. In the end, Evil Deities was one foot away from Luo Zheng, and said at the same time, "This is called Stasis Extreme State."

Chapter 3842
Under the extreme state of stagnation, Luo Zheng's thinking became very slow.
The words of Evil Deities entered his ears, but Luo Zheng could not understand them.
When Evil Deities stretched out his hand and drew a circle in the air, the hexagonal snowflake that had been broken and scattered reassembled in the circle, forming a complete snowflake. Only then did Luo Zheng return to normal.
The moment he returned to normal, the words of Evil Deities drilled into Luo Zheng's mind. At the same time, Luo Zheng discovered that Evil Deities had unknowingly approached him.
"Extreme state of stagnation?"
Luo Zheng's expression changed dramatically.
He had been wondering why the Origin Divine Blood could not be decomposed. He did not expect Evil Deities to use the power of deep space!
Evil Deities did not speak, only looking at Luo Zheng with a playful expression. He enjoyed this feeling very much.
When Luo Zheng told him that there was a wider world outside, he probably had the same expression, but now it was Luo Zheng's turn.
"How did you get this level of power?" Luo Zheng asked.
Evil Deities fiddled with the hexagonal snowflake. "Do you want to know?"
"Of course!"
"Join us, and I'll tell you," Evil Deities said with a smile.
"Impossible," Luo Zheng replied.
Evil Deities placed the hexagonal snowflake in front of Luo Zheng. "I heard that you have directly fought with the Downtrodden. You should know that the power he possesses is not something you can fight against, even if you rely on the Land of Origin. You will take everyone with you.
Go to hell, and I can save you! Save everyone around you! "
Evil Deities had a trace of fanaticism in his eyes, as if saving Luo Zheng was saving the world.
When did this guy ever care about the life and death of others? Luo Zheng shook his head. "I don't need you to save me."
After saying that, he turned around to leave. The flying boat was destroyed by the Evil Deities. Luo Zheng needed to use the Great Shift to return to the Land of Origin.
However, just as his body was about to enter the Space Passage, the Evil Deities grabbed the Space Passage and crushed it, blocking Luo Zheng's path. "Aren't you afraid of death?"
"Why should I be afraid?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Then tell me, what is the meaning of my existence?" Evil Deities asked again.
Luo Zheng's expression became a little strange, and he looked at him with a puzzled look.
"I have all of his memories," the Wretch God said. "I am also a true body. However, all of my memories and all of my talent are for the sake of serving him. That shouldn't be my purpose …."
Although Luo Zheng and Evil Deities were both doppelgangers, Luo Zheng's Inner Incarnation was absolutely connected to Luo Zheng. Evil Deities' doppelgangers were considered independent entities, and the original body did not have complete control over them.
"You have to ask Evil Deities this question." Luo Zheng shrugged helplessly.
"Then take me away! I don't want to go back! I can teach you how to transform into a higher level of power! "Evil Deities continued.
Luo Zheng looked over with a strange expression. He realized that the doppelgangers of Evil Deities seemed to be … unstable?
And he could use this to his advantage …
Just as Luo Zheng made his decision, an indescribable black spiral pierced through the Void.
The black spiral was actually a spear thousands of feet long, and its target was Evil Deities.
Evil Deities also sensed that something was wrong. He hurriedly lifted the hexagonal snowflake in his hand and pointed it gently. Just as the snowflake was about to collapse, the black spiral spear was one step faster.
"Pop!"
Luo Zheng only heard a muffled sound. Evil Deities' head had been pierced, and then Evil Deities' vitality was completely extracted by the black spear. In the blink of an eye, they withered into a shriveled corpse.
"Sigh, it's troublesome to manage these traitors …"
"Each of them has a rebellious heart. None of them are easy to deal with."
"Before dealing with the Downgraded, I won't do anything to your Land of Origin. I hope you won't do anything to the Mother World!"
Hearing these words, Luo Zheng understood that this was Evil Deities' original body.
Without waiting for Luo Zheng to reply, the dried corpse quickly shrank, and cracks appeared on its skin. It collapsed into countless powder that scattered into the Void. The thousand-feet long black spear also disappeared.
…
After returning to the Land of Origin, Luo Zheng told them what he had learned.
Everyone on the Emerald Terrace was stunned when they heard this.
"What? You mean someone comprehended the power of deep space? "Ku Shu, who had descended, also had a look of disbelief.
Luo Zheng nodded. "The power aura he displayed is very familiar. It's very similar to the energy in the sword, and it's so strong that I can't resist it!"
"Could it be that you're mistaken? Maybe it's some kind of fused bloodline power?" Ku Shu asked.
"But he still has the complete bloodline power, which is all the power of the Origin Divine Blood," Luo Zheng said again. "He can resolve and counteract any power I use with the Origin Divine Blood …"
"How can Evil Deities obtain so much bloodline power?"
"The Origin Divine Blood is not on him!"
"That guy only relies on the fusion of Dao energy …"
Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others looked as if they had seen a ghost.
When Ku Shu heard the words "fusion of Dao energy," he asked, "He fused all the Divine Daos by himself?" "Yes, he has an extraordinary talent in the fusion of energy," Luo Zheng answered, and suddenly realized why Ku Shu asked this question. Then he said, "The low-level world can't be restored to the high-level world. Can the energy of the low-level world be restored to the high-level world?
The energy of the Lower Realm? "
According to the information Luo Zheng knew, the 3,000 Divine Daos were the result of the descent of the bloodline power of the Origin Divine Blood.
The Evil Deities did not have the means to obtain the Origin Divine Blood, so the only possibility was to restore it upward!
"The Great Conjecture Institute tried to do this and failed. But this hypothesis is indeed possible …" Ku Shu said with a sigh.
The Great Conjecture Institute had invested a lot of energy in this area, but they had no clue and had to give up in the end.
If a human from the Chaotic World could be successfully restored, not only would Ku Shu be depressed, but the elders of the Great Conjecture Institute would also be in a bad mood.
"Although the Evil Deities do not intend to attack us, we will still have to face them. Whether it is the Evil Deities or the Degraders, they all have the power of the Deep Space, and we …" Nuwa said worriedly.
"We can only pin our hopes on Nian 'er," Luo Zheng said with a bitter smile.
Hua Tianming was sitting on one side of the Emerald Terrace.
After Luo Nian left, Hua Tianming was arranged to sit on the Emerald Terrace. If anything happened to Gujian, Hua Tianming would report it immediately.
Now that Luo Nian had left for some time, there was no news of him so far. Every day that passed, everyone's hearts grew heavier, and their depression deepened.
Was there any possibility of Luo Nian returning?
At this moment, Hua Tianming's shoulders trembled slightly, and he turned his face. "Gujian, Gujian seems to be trembling …"
All the people on the Emerald Platform had been waiting for this sentence day and night. Including Ku Shu, all of them gathered in front of Hua Tianming at the first moment.

Chapter 3843
Earlier, Ku Shu had used "Elder Xue" to calm everyone's hearts, including those in the Courtyard of Great Guessing and those in the Land of Beginning.
However, these people were all intelligent people. Putting aside whether or not Elder Xue was really alive, the possibility of Luo Nian entering deep space to find Elder Xue was very small, let alone obtaining another object. This was as ethereal as the moon in the water.
No matter how small the hope was, it was still hope. During this period of time, people rarely mentioned Luo Nian, but everyone was worried about him.
So when Hua Tianming had the slightest reaction, they immediately surrounded him.
Hua Tianming clearly felt the Lonely Sword tremble a second time, then a third time, a fourth time … He followed the rhythm and interpreted the words.
"I, am, back," Hua Tianming said.
Everyone on the Jade Stage looked at each other, their faces full of joy.
Luo Zheng directly asked Hua Tianming, "Nian 'er, did you bring Elder Xue back?"
Everyone kept quiet, not affecting Hua Tianming from receiving the signal.
After a while, Hua Tianming said, "No."
The people beside him looked disappointed. Luo Zheng frowned and said nothing.
Ku Shu changed his question. "You didn't see Elder Xue?
Can you obtain that object? "
Although everyone no longer held any hope, they still stared at Hua Tianming.
Seeing everyone staring at him so seriously, Hua Tianming felt rather unnatural. But when he received Luo Nian's words, he no longer cared about this. He said cheerfully, "He saw Elder Xue and obtained that object …"
"Hua!"
Everyone on the Jade Stage became excited.
The three great Chaos Ancient Gods were no exception. The lairs that contained their huge bodies also swayed.
The people living in Li Mountain even felt the mountain shaking …
"Shh, he's still talking," Hua Tianming said.
Just a moment ago, the atmosphere was still a little heated. Now, everyone was quiet and did not say a word, but they were very excited.
"I have already obtained the Skyring Staff. Elder Xue cannot enter the main world and can only stay in the deep space. I will now return to the chaos world with Jiang Ziya. Yeah …" Hua Tianming continued to pass on Luo Nian's message.
Hearing the last "yeah", Luo Zheng and the others didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
…
After a short communication on the Holy Pillar, Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya set off on their way back.
The Chaotic World was still quite a distance away from the Saint Pillar. At that time, Luo Nian dragged Jiang Ziya all the way and bumped into a lot of things.
Now that Jiang Ziya had completely adapted to the Main World, and Luo Nian's strength had increased greatly, their return speed was naturally much faster. The two of them directly jumped down from the top of the Saint Pillar and glided down like two agile swallows.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
Several hours later, the two of them returned to the original grassland.
After passing through the grassland and crossing a river, they would enter a deep mountain. The entrance to Ji Deleted Space was in that deep mountain.
Just as the two of them were flying along the grassland, a strange movement came from below.
Swish swish swish swish …
Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya sensed it almost at the same time. There seemed to be many slender things flying across the grassland.
"What is it?
Snakes? "
Jiang Ziya frowned.
Although he had undergone the Soul Lattice Reincarnation, he needed to resist the pressure of the Mysterious World, so he didn't release his Divine Sense.
"No, it's those tentacles," Luo Nian replied.
"That's good." Jiang Ziya nodded.
Jiang Ziya had killed those tentacle-like creatures in Ji Deleted Space, and they weren't very powerful.
Swish swish swish …
After running in the grassland for a while, the tentacles flew out and swept toward Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya.
When these tentacles all moved out, Jiang Ziya's expression changed abruptly. There were probably hundreds of thousands of tentacles, and they swept over like a black cloud slowly rising …
"Ha!"
Jiang Ziya took out the Holy Whip and whipped it down fiercely.
Swish swish swish swish swish …
Countless whip shadows spread out as if they were blooming with golden light, whipping those tentacles into pieces.
Although the power of the God Beating Whip was not bad, it could still maintain its vitality even after being smashed into pieces or even powder. Jiang Ziya had experienced this amazing vitality in the Ji Deleted Space.
Looking at Jiang Ziya's busy appearance, Luo Nian raised the Skyring Staff lightly and said, "Destroy them."
As part of Luo Nian's power was drawn out, two huge mirrors appeared between heaven and earth. One pressed down from Luo Nian's feet, and the other rose up from the ground.
After a few breaths, the two mirrors stuck together and formed a thin line. The thin line quickly shortened and finally disappeared …
Of course, everything between the mirrors disappeared.
Jiang Ziya saw this and swallowed his saliva. "This ability is too domineering …"
Jiang Ziya had seen all kinds of heaven-defying methods in the Chaotic World, but compared to Luo Nian's Skyring Staff, they were nothing. The Skyring Staff was the rule above the rule.
After dealing with the tentacles, they continued their journey. They returned along the river and went all the way into the mountains.
Although they had left for a while, Luo Nian remembered the way very clearly. They climbed down a path from the mountainside and walked for hundreds of feet before stopping in front of a mountain wall.
"We're here," Luo Nian said.
Although Jiang Ziya was the one who dug the hole in Ji Deleted Space, Jiang Ziya did not have a soul lattice reincarnated, so he did not know the exact location. He had to use ropes to enter and exit.
Jiang Ziya followed Luo Nian's directions, but he did not know that it was a cold mountain wall. "Nian 'er, did you remember wrongly? The entrance is not here …"
"How is that possible?"
Luo Nian was puzzled.
He went forward to search, and his expression became more and more strange. "Impossible, there's a stone staircase here. You can enter the cave by stepping on it. The staircase is still there, but the cave is gone?"
Seeing Luo Nian so confident, Jiang Ziya realized that something was wrong.
The two went around the mountain wall and searched from top to bottom, but they still could not find the entrance!
"The entrance disappeared," Luo Nian said as he looked at the mountain wall.
"I've dug this entrance for a long time and it has never disappeared. Did we make a mistake?"
Jiang Ziya was still suspicious. Maybe they found the wrong mountain.
"Impossible!"
Luo Nian said solemnly. Then he jumped lightly and faced the mountain wall. "Since the Chaotic World is inside this mountain, I'll just blast open an entrance!"
"Swoosh!"
"Bang!"
"Rumble …"
Luo Nian now had the power of a top expert of the Yang race.
Although the punch was not at full strength, its power was still terrifying. The entire mountain range shook, and a huge crack appeared on the mountain wall in front of him. A huge hole appeared in the middle of the wall, but behind the hole was still mountain rocks.
The passage Luo Nian hoped to see was nowhere to be seen.

Chapter 3844
"What's going on …"
Luo Nian was very annoyed that he couldn't go back to his home.
Jiang Ziya went into the big hole and looked around. He broke off a handful of gravel at the edge of the crack.
After coming out of the hole, he handed the gravel to Luo Nian and said, "Use your Divine Sense to check if there's anything special about this stone …"
Luo Nian used his Divine Sense to check the gravel and shook his head. Then he used his Divine Sense to enter the big hole. Within the range of his Divine Sense, he still sensed stones, cracks, plants, and some insects hiding in the hole.
"I don't believe that such a big Chaotic World can run away!"
Luo Nian jumped up with his legs, and his body rose high into the sky.
"Whoosh …"
His Divine Sense spread out like invisible clouds, immersing in the forest, rocks, and water …
One mile, ten miles, a hundred miles …
Everything that his Divine Sense touched, no matter how big or small, was captured by him.
Soon after, Luo Nian opened his eyes and slowly descended. He said with worry, "I found seven Secondary Worlds within a hundred miles. One of them is the Poisonous Fog World that we entered."
"Then let's check them one by one," Jiang Ziya said.
Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya went back and forth in the forest. Because this place was located at the edge of the Main World, the seven Secondary Worlds were all developed and distributed widely.
The first Secondary World they entered was pitch-black. After traveling for a short while, they came out.
The second sub-world was filled with countless fog …
The third Secondary World …
After a few hours, they had checked six Secondary Worlds, and there was only one left.
After crossing a long and narrow mountain range, Luo Nian and Jiang Ziya went into a cave again.
The moment they stepped into the cave, a gust of cold air hit them in the face. The last Secondary World was a world of ice and snow.
"This is not a Chaotic World. Let's go," Luo Nian said.
But just as Jiang Ziya and Luo Nian retreated, there was a "peeling" sound from the entrance of the cave. It sounded like ice water being frozen at a high speed. They saw that the way in was blocked by a thick layer of ice, and there were shadows moving in the ice.
"A trap?"
Jiang Ziya was a little surprised. He had already grasped the Holy Whip in his hand.
"Pa pa pa pa …"
Countless golden whip shadows lashed out at the layer of ice, and crystal clear ice shards flew in all directions.
Jiang Ziya was very confident in his strength. After all, he was one of the top existences in the three-grid world. How could a mere layer of ice seal him?
However, the speed at which the ice was condensing was beyond Jiang Ziya's imagination. Under the lashing of the God-beating Whip, the ice became thicker and thicker.
Outside the ice layer.
Two gigantic figures stood at the entrance of the cave. These were two giants. They belonged to the Pang Hao Clan just like Bofan.
However, unlike Bofan, the two giants had purple rhombus crystals inserted into their backs. These purple rhombus crystals extended from the back of their heads all the way to their waists.
Both giants had a huge bag hanging on their waists, from which they took out dark blue ice talismans and slapped them onto the ice. Every time they slapped a talisman, a visible ripple would be produced, and the ice would thicken rapidly.
"Two rats still want to struggle out after entering the rat trap. Hehe, master was right," one of the giants said with a smile as he stuck to the wall.
"Their strength is not bad. What's more, they can move freely in the four-grid world. Luckily … master has loyal servants like us. We won't lose to them!"
The other giant was also happily sticking to the wall.
Jiang Ziya, who was in the secondary world, naturally did not know what was happening outside. Golden thorns began to appear on the surface of the God-beating Whip in his hand.
"Thorny Whip!"
"Ka ka ka …"
Jiang Ziya was using his full strength now.
Previously, he had relied on Luo Nian to deal with the tentacles. If he still needed Luo Nian's tentacles now, he would be embarrassed.
However, even though Jiang Ziya had squeezed out all his potential, the ice layer did not become thinner. Instead, it became thicker and thicker.
The Xuanliang World was filled with low-level creatures. Those small tribes did not have the ability to create such a sturdy ice layer. This did not make sense …
While Jiang Ziya was vexed, Luo Nian was already standing on the other side of the ice layer.
"Let me, senior …"
Luo Nian stretched out his huge hand and slammed it against the ice.
He did not use any technique. He just used all his strength.
The huge layer of ice shook, and the blue translucent layer of ice turned snow-white. That was the color of countless cracks. Then, with a boom, thousands of ice shards sprayed out, like a flood rushing out after a dam broke.
The two giants standing outside did not expect that they would be swept away by the ice chips while they were still concentrating on sticking the ice talisman.
The giants struggled to get up. They looked up and saw Luo Nian floating above their heads.
"Who sent you?
Tell me! "
Luo Nian asked coldly.
Luo Nian was very angry because he could not find the Chaotic World. The appearance of these two giants became his breakthrough.
The two giants looked at each other secretly.
The purple crystals on their backs flashed, and endless power poured into their bodies. The two giants, one on the left and one on the right, approached Luo Nian at an unimaginable speed.
One of the giants grabbed Luo Nian — even though Luo Nian's body had expanded by four times, he was still like a child in the giant's hands.
The other giant clenched his fists and attacked Luo Nian.
"Die, die, die, die!"
"Bam, bam, bam … …"
Under the stimulation of the purple caltrop crystal, the giant attacked Luo Nian as though he had lost his mind. The giant's body could not withstand the power bestowed by the purple caltrop crystal. After fifty to sixty punches, the giant's arms broke with a pop before he stopped attacking.
When they looked again, Luo Nian's body was unharmed and unharmed.
"Why is this guy … …"
"Is he a being from a three box world?"
Just as the two giants were puzzled, Luo Nian slowly raised the Skyring Staff. "Give them unbearable torture."
When he finished, the Skyring Staff took away a portion of Luo Nian's power and then gave off a strange string sound.
This string sound could easily reach the depths of the soul and then release the most terrifying illusion of pain … …
The two giants managed to hold on for a while and then started to roll on the ground and wail. Their heart-wrenching wails almost broke their throats. It could be seen how much pain the two giants were enduring.
Only when the two giants madly begged for mercy did Luo Nian wave the Skyring Staff and stop the string sound.
"I will give you one more chance. Who sent you?"
Luo Nian asked.
The two giants did not dare to hide anything. They kowtowed and answered at the same time, "It is Master. Master divined that you would come and had us set up rat traps here to wait for you to come!"
"Who is your master?"
Luo Nian asked again.
"Master is master. Who else can it be?"
One of the giants asked Luo Nian in puzzlement.