Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(rem)
Vol.1

Chapter 3540
Putting aside the fact that Luo Zheng had changed his body shape, it was not difficult for existences at their level to change their physical appearance.
However, these two spirit mermaids and mermen were notorious in the lower reaches of the divine river, which was why no one was willing to go into the water to hunt Donghuang and Old Ying.
Anyone who went into the water and encountered these two spirit mermaids and mermen would die without a doubt, without exception!
Back then, He Meng people attempted to kill these two devil-like spirit mermaids and mermen, but after sacrificing three He Meng people, the two spirit mermaids and mermen remained unharmed. At last, He Meng people had to give up.
Fortunately, the two spirit mermaids and mermen could only stay in the divine river, as He Meng people forbade their people from going into the lower reaches of the divine river. Therefore, nothing happened to them.
However, the other non-humankind beings and Immortality stage beings in the Supreme Clear Heaven had fallen in the mouths of these two spirit mermaids and mermen over and over again.
Speaking of these two small fish, the hearts of those Immortality stage non-humankind beings would occasionally speed up.
But why were these two small fish so easily manipulated by Luo Zheng?
Donghuang's state of mind was greatly shaken!
No matter how highly he thought of Luo Zheng, he couldn't have imagined that Luo Zheng could become so powerful within such a short period of time.
Clap! Clap!
Luo Zheng threw the two spirit mermaids and mermen to the ground and said, "Behave!"
How could these two spirit mermaids and mermen possibly behave?
They were intelligent and could understand human language, but after all, they were beasts.
Once they landed on the ground, the two spirit mermaids and mermen slapped their bodies against the ground and leaped towards the divine river, releasing an amazing power from their small bodies.
Clap! Clap!
Luo Zheng wielded his hands at an extremely high speed, slapping the two small fish back to the ground like a giant paddle.
After landing on the ground again, the two spirit mermaids and mermen changed their strategy and drilled into the ground again.
The soft soil wasn't an obstacle to these spirit mermaids and mermen, but before they drilled into the ground, Luo Zheng's giant fist had already landed on one side of them.
"Boom!"
A dent was created on the ground, and the soil under the two spirit mermaids and mermen squeezed them into the ground.
"Don't even think about running. Otherwise, I'll smash you into pieces." Luo Zheng warned them in a deep voice, then pulled the two small fish out of the soil.
Looking at the two spirit mermaids and mermen, Donghuang asked, "Luo Zheng, why didn't you kill them?"
"They seem to have a special way of moving. if I can merge them, they should be a nice token of the Nirvana realm," said Luo Zheng said.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and Rat King Sheng Tian's eyes lit up. Donghuang shook his head and said, "You're right. The power that this small body can unleash is quite impressive, and its speed in the water is incredible.
Luo Zheng said confidently, "Of course, I have a way to make them submit, but how do I keep these two small fish now?"
Ying! Leave this to me, "said Winning Sky Rat King. It had been in the Blazing Maple Forest for many years, so it naturally had its ways.
While Winning Sky Rat King was dealing with the spirit mermaids and mermen, Donghuang finally asked, "How did Luo Zheng climb up to the 33 Heavens at such a speed? What about the Greater One Heavenly Palace? "
Elder Ying also showed a concerned look. When the two were trapped in the underground river, they were most worried about the Greater One Heavenly Palace and Qishan.
"The Heavenly Palace …" Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment, then said, "Donghuang and Elder Ying being trapped in the 33 Heavens was originally Ji Xuanyuan's scheme. After Elder Ying was also trapped, the Jinwu invaded our Greater One Heavenly Palace."
So it was true!
Donghuang and Elder Ying looked at each other.
From their actions before they were trapped on the Nirvana Realm, the two had basically speculated that the Jinwu would invade.
However, the two's bodies had always been in peace, which made them suspect that either the Jinwu did not invade, or the Greater One Heavenly Palace had already won.
Now that Luo Zheng mentioned this matter, the Heavenly Palace had most likely won.
Luo Zheng then reported to Donghuang about the Jinwu's invasion, the death of Di Jun and so on.
Although Luo Zheng spoke very briefly, the dangers and twists of the story still shocked Donghuang and Elder Ying.
"Later, after I entered the Immortal Painting, Ji Xuanyuan and Shennong led people to attack the Greater One Heavenly Palace. Elder Gan and Elder Ning had to give up the Center God Province and transferred the elites of Qishan to Li Mountain, but they were still intercepted halfway …
"…"
In the first half of the Battle of Li Mountain, Luo Zheng was in the same state as Donghuang and Elder Ying. They were also trapped on the Nirvana Realm. Therefore, Fuxi took over Luo Zheng's words and told Donghuang and Elder Ying about the Battle of Li Mountain.
From the black ship to the death of Tongtian, Donghuang and Elder Ying stood in the same place for a long time without regaining their senses.
If Donghuang was shocked when Luo Zheng easily took down the two spiritual mermaids, now that he heard that Luo Zheng defeated Tongtian, he was speechless.
After Elder Ying recovered from the shock, he suddenly realized a problem. "Luo Zheng, where is Shuang 'er?"
She heard Luo Zheng mention Feng Ge several times, but Lingshuang did not mention him even once …
The elites of the Greater One Heavenly Palace had all moved to Li Mountain. Lingshuang was probably facing a lot of danger!
Luo Zheng's hesitant expression deepened Elder Ying's worries. She asked, "What happened to Lingshuang? Boy, tell me quickly! "
"Ever since Elder Ying was trapped on the Nirvana Realm, Lingshuang disappeared from Taiyi Mountain. Uncle Lin and Aunt Ping searched the entire Taiyi Mountain but could not find her …" Luo Zheng answered.
"That means Shuang 'er is not in Li Mountain?" Elder Ying asked seriously.
"Yes …" Luo Zheng nodded. "She may be trying to find a way to save you."
Elder Ying glared at Luo Zheng with cold eyes. She had entrusted Ling Shuang to Luo Zheng, so Ling Shuang's safety was definitely related to Luo Zheng's. However, looking at Luo Zheng's self-reproaching expression, her bright eyes dimmed again. "Shuang 'er …
"What can she do …"
"There's a door in Lingshuang's mind, right?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Elder Ying had already linked the mystery of Lingshuang's disappearance to that door. Suddenly hearing Luo Zheng mention that door, he was shocked. "You … know that door?"
"I've seen it once when I entered the First Heaven with Lingshuang," Luo Zheng said. "After entering the Sky Thunder Plain, I saw it for the second time."
Fuxi and Nuwa also saw the door that suddenly appeared at that time.
"What appeared in the door?" Elder Ying asked.
Luo Zheng answered first. "After the door opened, two long-haired monsters came out. These two long-haired monsters were not afraid of the thunderbolts of the Sky Thunder Plain. They wanted to drag His Majesty into the door, but they did not succeed."
Hearing Luo Zheng mention the long-haired monsters, Elder Ying's expression did not change much. When Lingshuang was still young, Elder Ying had entered her mind several times to touch that door. She had seen the long-haired monsters through that door and even communicated with them once.

Chapter 3541
The long-haired monsters were also wary of Elder Gall. They only asked Elder Gall to treat Ling Shuang well and raise her.
Other than that, they only revealed that they were a cursed race. Although they were powerful, they needed Ling Shuang's help.
As Ling Shuang grew up, Elder Gall became more disgusted with the door.
Elder Gall did not want Ling Shuang to be involved in this unknown dispute, so he had been strongly against Ling Shuang asking about the secret of the door. He even warned Ling Shuang not to open the door.
"As long as Ling Shuang doesn't open the door, they won't be able to come out. Ling Shuang must have gone in." Elder Gall was very sure of his deduction.
"But why did this door appear in the Sky Thunder Plain?" Donghuang asked.
Nuwa's beautiful eyes flickered. She said, "If Ling Shuang can really enter the door and command those long-haired monsters, what will she do?"
After Nuwa said that, Luo Zheng, Donghuang, Rat King Sheng Tian, and Fuxi all looked at Elder Gall.
Since Elder Gall was the most important person to Ling Shuang, Ling Shuang naturally had to save him.
In this way, it was easy to explain why the door appeared in the Sky Thunder Plain. After all, the Sky Thunder Plain was close to the Blazing Maple Forest. The goal of the long-haired monsters in the door was probably to save Elder Gall.
Although it was just a guess, Elder Gall already believed most of it. He just kept shaking his head and calling Ling Shuang a silly child …
Deep in the Blazing Maple Forest, two mutated people were quietly watching every move of Luo Zheng's group.
Although these mutated people were afraid of Luo Zheng's strength, they could not really escape directly. If so, they would not be able to explain it to the Elemental Spirit civilization.
Moreover, even if Luo Zheng was very strong, it did not mean that they did not have the power to fight back.
After Luo Zheng left the forest, the three people from the He Meng tribe led by Luo Meng also left quickly.
The other Nirvana Realm creatures and Immortal Realm creatures in the open space were also discussing.
"That guy is really bold. He didn't give Luo Meng any face."
"I have a bad feeling. Let's just watch the show."
"What's wrong? At most, Hei Meng will take that guy's life …"
Although Luo Zheng's strength was exaggerated, no one was optimistic about Luo Zheng because Hei Meng was almost invincible!
The land of the He Meng Clan was located to the south of the Divine River. It was the most beautiful area in Blazing Maple Forest.
After Luo Meng returned to the clan, he went straight to the village in the center of the clan.
After pushing open the gate of the stronghold, they saw a man from He Meng Clan lying in a large water tank. He was the current patriarch of He Meng Clan, Wu Meng, who was also Luo Meng's father.
There were all kinds of bones soaking in the large water tank. These bones were all fished up from the divine river, and their quality was much better than the gold and silver bones.
Melting bones with water and burning bones with fire were the two major body-refining methods of the He Meng Clan.
However, the Blaze Maple Forest could not contain flames. Flames were also a type of energy release, which would also attract attacks from the Blaze Maple Forest.
The previous Patriarch wanted to break through, so he went outside the Blazing Maple Forest to burn his bones with fire. In the end, he was burned to ashes the moment he left the Blazing Maple Forest.
"Father, there's a guy who doesn't know his place," Luo Meng said with a gloomy face.
Wu Meng leaned against the water tank and glanced at his son with his head tilted. "If it's really a guy who doesn't know his place, he would have died at your hands long ago."
Those in the Immortal Realm who wanted to survive in the Blaze Maple Forest had to be acutely aware of their own strength and avoid going against the He Meng Clan. Otherwise, it was not difficult to imagine the consequences.
Luo Zheng did not take the He Meng Clan seriously, so he must have powerful backing. Luo Meng did not make a move because he was afraid of Luo Zheng.
"Father, you already know?" Luo Meng said indignantly.
"There's no need for us to stand up for the Yuan Ling Civilization. They gave us benefits in exchange for allowing them to move freely downstream. Everything else has nothing to do with us," Wu Meng said.
Luo Meng frowned and said, "But that human brat is so arrogant. How can we tolerate him?"
"If I don't have the confidence to defeat him, will I be able to tolerate him?" Wu Meng retorted.
Luo Meng choked at his father's words.
He had never thought that his father would admit that he was weaker than Luo Zheng …
"Father, you can't defeat that brat? How is that possible! "Luo Meng shook his head vigorously.
Wu Meng said seriously, "Ku Hou's strength is extraordinary. Even if I wanted to deal with him, I would not be able to do it so cleanly. That brat … Our He Meng Clan has no need to provoke such a powerful opponent."
Luo Meng felt somewhat helpless after hearing his father's words. He was afraid that he would not be able to regain the face he had lost today.
Just as Luo Meng was about to leave, the door of the village was pushed open again. A foreign being stood outside the door. This foreign being's body was covered with scars that looked like bitter tree bark. He looked extremely ugly.
Luo Meng recognized this foreign being. His name was Xian Kan, and he had always been following Ku Hou. He should be the second-in-command of Ku Hou's group.
After entering the village, Xian Kan bowed to Wu Meng and Luo Meng. Before he could speak, Wu Meng said, "If Mu Ling wants me to deal with that human brat, you can scram now."
Unexpectedly, Xian Kan said unhurriedly, "Lord Mu Ling wants you to make a move, Lord Wu Meng."
Luo Meng glared at Xian Kan coldly. "Then why are you here?"
"Lord Mu Ling wants Lord Hei Meng to make a move," Xian Kan continued.
As soon as he said this, Wu Meng's eyes flashed. Luo Meng's figure flashed, and he grabbed Xian Kan's collar and said coldly, "Bastard, do you know what you're saying?"
The strongest person in the He Meng Tribe was not the patriarch, but someone else, the "Hei Meng" that Xian Kan spoke of.
Hei Meng had never been the patriarch of the He Meng Tribe, but he was the true legend of the He Meng Tribe. It was because of Hei Meng's existence that the He Meng Tribe's status in the Blaze Maple Forest was decided.
It was said that Hei Meng had unintentionally found a charred arm in the Divine River. At that time, Hei Meng wasn't considered strong, and was trying his luck in the Divine River like all other living beings. He didn't know the origin of this charred arm either.
He did not care about it, and just ate it.
After eating the arm, Hei Meng's strength instantly skyrocketed to an extremely terrifying level. It was also because of this that he led the He Meng Tribe to become the overlords of the Blaze Maple Forest.
"You want Lord Hei Meng to make a move, you talk big." Wu Meng waved his hand, telling Luo Meng not to act rashly. At the same time, he asked, "What are the conditions?"
Xian Kan smiled slightly and said, "Mu Ling wants the Blaze Maple Forest to expand fifty thousand kilometers to the southwest."
"Pa!"
The large water tank that Wu Meng was soaking in suddenly shattered, and water gushed out from the cracks. Luo Meng looked at Xian Kan in shock, as if he had heard an inconceivable answer.
"Is this true?" Wu Meng asked.
"Lord Mu Ling has always been a man of his word." Xian Kan nodded.
The He Meng Tribe had very few people, and their strength was average in the Supreme Pure Heaven. They were able to achieve what they had today mainly because of the Blaze Maple Forest.
The expansion of the Blaze Maple Forest meant the expansion of the He Meng Tribe's sphere of influence.
What Wu Meng cared about the most was the expansion of fifty thousand kilometers to the southwest. That was the Second Heaven of the Three Pure Heaven, which was the border of the Supreme Pure Heaven.
This was an offer that the He Meng Tribe could not refuse.

Chapter 3542
The area around Blaze Maple Forest was the territory of the He Meng Clan. Many people in Sanqing Heaven thought so.
The young people in the He Meng Clan like Luo Meng also thought so.
However, as the clan leader, Wu Meng knew very well that this was not the case.
After the previous clan leader of the He Meng Clan died, Hei Meng appointed Wu Meng as the new clan leader. He told Wu Meng that the real masters of Blaze Maple Forest were the motionless Blaze Maple Forest, not the He Meng Clan.
The He Meng Clan was just a companion species of Blaze Maple Forest. Everything the He Meng Clan had was given to them by Blaze Maple Forest.
If there was any chance to expand Blaze Maple Forest, as the clan leader, Wu Meng must seize it!
In fact, it was extremely difficult to expand Blaze Maple Forest. To the south was the Sky Thunder Plain. If Blaze Maple Forest grew there, it would only be struck to ashes by the rolling thunder. To the east was a cold land. It was not suitable for Blaze Maple Forest to grow.
The most suitable place was the southwest, which was to expand upstream of the Divine River.
Blaze Maple Forest was originally expanded this way. However, when it expanded to this extent, it was discovered by the Yuan Ling Civilization.
The Elemental Spirit civilization had poisoned the soil in the southwest, creating a poisonous land with a width of twenty miles. This poisonous land was an insurmountable natural moat for the Blaze Maple Forest. Any seed or root of the Blaze Maple Forest that drilled into the poisonous land would immediately rot.
The He Meng Clan once tried to negotiate with the Yuan Ling Civilization, but they were rejected. Since the previous clan leader was killed, the He Meng Clan also understood that the Yuan Ling Civilization would not allow Blaze Maple Forest to expand.
Now that the Yuan Ling Civilization took the initiative to mention it, Wu Meng could not refuse.
Xian Kan should have seen through Wu Meng's thoughts. He did not say anything more and left silently.
Wu Meng stood up and wiped his body. He said to Luo Meng, "I'm going to see Hei Meng."
… …
Luo Zheng, Elder Ying, and Donghuang's Soul-Avoiding Water completely dried up. After the restriction effect disappeared, they all left the other side.
Concubine Yan, Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and the experts of the Heavenly Palace also understood that this was a matter of life and death. They all waited at the side. Feng Ge, who was originally cultivating, also rushed over.
After waiting for so long, they did not receive any news from the other side. They were all anxious.
At this moment, Luo Zheng was the first to exit from the Nirvana Realm and immediately woke up.
"Luo Zheng, how is my father …"
Feng Ge was the first to step forward. However, before he could finish his sentence, Elder Ying coughed twice and woke up. Then, Donghuang, Fuxi, Nuwa, Rat King Sheng Tian, and the others followed suit.
"Elder Ying!"
"Your Majesty …"
"Imperial Father …"
The experts of Greater One Mountain and Great Yi Mountain all gathered around.
Since Donghuang and Elder Ying were trapped, the backbone of Great Yi Heavenly Palace was gone. Many people thought that the two of them would never have the chance to wake up.
Now that the two of them had returned safe and sound, how could the cultivators of the Heavenly Palace not feel excited?
Donghuang and Elder Ying had been soaking in the divine river for a long time and had suffered a lot. They were also very excited to see their relatives and subordinates alive.
The people from the Heavenly Palace were looking forward to Donghuang bringing them back to the Center God Province after he left the Paramita Realm.
Immediately, several old ministers of Greater One Mountain proposed this idea.
The Center Divine Province was the root of the Great Yi Heavenly Palace. Even the nearby Bright Lake, as well as the various cities at the foot of the Seven Mountains, were inextricably linked to the people of the Heavenly Palace.
Although Li Shan treated the people of the Heavenly Palace very well, there were still many people who hoped to return to the Center God Province.
After a brief consideration, Donghuang rejected this request for the time being.
Although the Path of the End had won the battle of Li Shan, this era was different from the previous era!
Whether it was the Wukong Clan or the Yuanling Civilization, they all had a way to descend into the world.
The era where a single Sempiternal Realm expert was enough to protect an entire clan was long gone.
If Donghuang brought his subordinates back to the Center God Province, not only would he not be able to protect the Great Yi Heavenly Palace, but he might also destroy the Center God Province.
Moreover, Li Shan was gathering the people of the Path of the End. Those super forces who agreed with the Path of the End were also gathering at Li Shan. Now was not the time to return.
After Donghuang and Elder Ying met with the people of the Heavenly Palace, they returned to the Paramita Realm.
Blazing Maple Forest was not a safe place. After all, there had been incidents of people being forcibly pulled to the Paramita Realm before! Luo Zheng still needed to take them out of Blazing Maple Forest.
After they returned to the Paramita Realm, they followed Luo Zheng upstream. Just as they passed by the empty space in the forest beside the Divine River, they felt a series of intense tremors coming from the ground. Clearly, there were many huge creatures approaching, and there were many of them.
"Squeak, looks like we're in trouble," said the Heaven Winning Rat King.
The Heaven Winning Rat King knew the character of the He Meng people well. Those guys would definitely not give up.
Luo Zheng's group was not the only ones who felt uneasy. The other Immortal Realm experts and the non-humans also looked uneasy. The tremors on the ground meant that the He Meng people were making a big move.
Far away, Xian Kan led a few non-humans and appeared first. These non-humans stared at Luo Zheng as if they were looking at a dead man. Their leader, Xian Kan, had a strange smile on his face.
"They found a strong ally," Luo Zheng sneered in his heart.
Dong dong dong dong …
At this time, the tremors on the ground were getting closer and closer. Then, many He Meng people covered in copper powder appeared.
The number of He Meng people was already very small. Most of them were probably here.
Clang, clang!
Wu Meng, who was covered in dark green, stood in front of Luo Zheng. He did not show any contempt for Luo Zheng. Instead, he said in a negotiating tone, "You are not a match for the Yuan Ling civilization. Obediently surrender and leave Blazing Maple Forest. You can save yourself a lot of pain and trouble.
However, I can also guarantee the lives of these people. "
As he spoke, Wu Meng pointed at the Heaven Winning Rat King, Fuxi, and the others.
Wu Meng felt that his conditions were good. If Luo Zheng knew what was good for him, he should agree.
Luo Zheng glanced at Wu Meng and smiled. "Did the Yuan Ling civilization ask you to make a move? They have said the same thing eight or ten times. "
Luo Zheng thought that the strength he had used to kill Ku Hou was enough to intimidate the He Meng people.
The He Meng people would not attack him just because he provoked them.
Then, there was only one possibility. The Yuan Ling civilization had promised the He Meng people great benefits.
"What do you think?" Wu Meng asked again.
"I have never compromised, and I don't intend to compromise." Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders.
Wu Meng looked regretful. "Then you will never have the chance to compromise. You will sleep in Blazing Maple Forest forever, and your flesh and blood will become the nourishment of Blazing Maple Forest."
"You?" Luo Zheng asked in a serious voice.
"The chief is more than enough to kill you!"
"No one will dare to collect your corpse if you die here!"
"When the chief tears you to pieces, you won't be so stubborn!"
Seeing Luo Zheng so arrogant, the He Meng people immediately clamored.
However, Wu Meng shook his head and said, "I can't beat you."
These words made the He Meng people speechless. Then Wu Meng took a step back and said, "But he should be able to."
Boom, boom, boom …
A big man about 30 meters tall stepped out of the forest. This He Meng people was completely black, but his eyes were staring at Luo Zheng like the most dangerous viper.

Chapter 3543
The clearing in the forest suddenly became very quiet. Everyone's eyes were focused on the body of this huge black creature.
"If he isn't the patriarch of the He Meng Tribe, who is he?" someone asked softly.
"I've never seen this He Meng Tribe member before …"
"His aura is much stronger than Wu Meng's!"
Hei Meng had not appeared for many years, so many newcomers in the clearing did not know him.
However, some old people knew that things were getting troublesome …
"Wu Meng really came out?"
"What are the conditions of the Yuan Ling Civilization? Invite Hei Meng out!"
"There's a show to watch!"
Hei Meng was the greatest pillar of support for the He Meng Tribe. If he personally came out, it would naturally be extraordinary. In fact, the Outsiders and Immortal Realms who had been in the Blaze Maple Forest all year round were very experienced. Given the thunderous means that Luo Zheng had used to kill Ku Hou, he was indeed qualified to contend with Wu Meng. However, some of them thought that Hei Meng was undefeatable.
This guy still did not think highly of Luo Zheng.
They did not expect Wu Meng to be so straightforward. He did not fight with Luo Zheng before directly inviting Hei Meng out.
Luo Zheng felt a little uncomfortable under Hei Meng's venomous gaze. He returned it with the same gaze and said with a faint smile, "What? You're not going to persuade me anymore? "
"I won't do such a boring thing," Hei Meng said.
His voice was very dry, like the sound of scorched mud rubbing against each other. His dry voice was also hoarse.
"I like fighting." Before Luo Zheng could respond, Hei Meng continued, "Unfortunately, I've become too strong. In the past, no one in the Blaze Maple Forest was worthy of my attention. Now, one has finally appeared. How can I give up?"
Hei Meng's entire body was black. Only his eyes were bright and full of expression, like stars embedded in the night sky.
As he spoke, his fighting spirit spread out.
Anyone who made eye contact with him would feel their blood circulate faster and heat up. The battle intent that was engraved in their bones was extremely contagious.
Even Luo Zheng felt his heart thump. An inexplicable desire arose from the bottom of his heart.
Luo Zheng turned around and said to Nuwa and the others, "Do you want to leave the Nirvana Realm or stay here?"
The safest way was naturally to leave the other side. However, Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others also understood that Luo Zheng was probably facing a life and death trial. They should not have fled because of fear.
"We will stay here with you." Nuwa made her choice without hesitation.
Rat King Sheng Tian, Fuxi, Donghuang, and Elder Ying nodded at the same time.
Their current strength and status were all obtained through a narrow escape from death. Naturally, they could face it calmly. Moreover, they were confident in Luo Zheng's strength.
Boom!
Hei Meng lightly stomped his foot, and the entire clearing in the forest shook three times.
As he abruptly exerted force, his pitch-black muscles rippled like water.
His body instantly grew fatter, and the black muscles on his shoulders bulged, almost completely covering his head. At the same time, Hei Meng also said, "Let me see your strongest physical form …"
"Strongest physical form?" Luo Zheng shook his head. "This is already the strongest."
Luo Zheng's physical body was bestowed by the Origin Divine Blood. He could not interfere with it. Luo Zheng could only answer in this way.
"Is that so?" Hei Meng laughed. "If that's the case, then you have already lost …"
As Hei Meng's voice fell, his pitch-black figure strangely moved and suddenly appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
Supernatural powers could not be used in the Blazing Maple Forest, so Hei Meng could not use greater teleportation or instant teleportation. However, he still achieved a considerable effect!
"So fast!"
Luo Zheng's pupils shrank slightly, and he quickly retreated.
Boom!
Hei Meng's huge fist smashed the ground.
The huge fist print was imprinted on the ground like a seal, and the lines between the bones of the fist were clearly displayed.
Luo Zheng had almost no time to react. He almost instinctively dodged!
The moment Luo Zheng dodged, his heart throbbed, and he frantically dodged with his instincts.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom …
A series of fist prints were imprinted on the road in the forest. Luo Zheng and Hei Meng turned into two shadows and fled. It was almost impossible to track them with their eyes!
Hei Meng's power was enough to overturn the soil within a radius of a hundred li.
However, the Blazing Maple Trees' developed roots covered the entire forest. These Blazing Maple Trees relieved and absorbed Hei Meng's power, maintaining the stability of the Blazing Maple Forest.
Boom!
In a breath's time, Hei Meng punched thirty to forty times, and appeared thousands of zhang away with Luo Zheng.
The two still maintained a distance of a few feet, and even their standing posture did not change much.
"Your reaction and speed are very strong." Hei Meng's eyes revealed a trace of admiration. "But if you keep dodging, the result is not difficult to guess!"
Boom, boom, boom, boom …
Hei Meng launched another series of attacks.
Luo Zheng still relied on his body's instincts to make judgments and keep retreating. However, Hei Meng chased and attacked all the way, deliberately forcing Luo Zheng into a dead end. Behind Luo Zheng, three Blazing Maple Trees appeared in a row!
"Oh no! Jump! "
Luo Zheng's legs stomped on the ground, and his body shot up like a shuttle. Although the Blazing Maple Trees were very tall, he could easily jump over them with this body's terrifying jumping ability.
However, Hei Meng intended to force Luo Zheng into a dead end. He had already expected Luo Zheng's actions.
The moment Luo Zheng's feet left the ground, Hei Meng threw a straight punch at Luo Zheng's chest.
Boom!
A huge force exploded in Luo Zheng's chest, and the dense bones in his chest shattered. His entire body was embedded in the trunks of the three Blazing Maple Trees.
Hei Meng clenched his fists, and his expression was somewhat disappointed. "If you fought me fair and square, you would probably be able to last a little longer. Unfortunately …"
"It's over …"
"This human brat's body actually did not explode after taking Hei Meng's punch head-on. He is really powerful!"
"Hei Meng's strength does not belong to the Grand Pure Heaven at all!"
Even if Hei Meng walked out of the Blazing Maple Forest now, he could still stand at the peak of the Grand Pure Heaven with his physical strength alone.
However, Hei Meng was afraid of Yuan Ling civilization and the Wu Kong Clan working together to kill him.
Fuxi, Nuwa, Rat King Sheng Tian, Donghuang and the others did not say a word. They stared nervously at Luo Zheng.
They could not interfere in this contest of physical strength. They could only place their hopes on Luo Zheng. Just as Hei Meng turned around, Luo Zheng, who was embedded in the tree trunk, moved. Luo Zheng coughed and spat out a mouthful of blood. However, this mouthful of blood seemed to have a life of its own. It bounced from the ground and returned to Luo Zheng's mouth.
In mid-air.
The others saw that Luo Zheng's blood was so strange, and they all frowned.
"Lord Hei Meng has not had his fill yet. How can I fall?" As Luo Zheng spoke, he suddenly slapped his arms on the Blazing Maple Tree trunk. He was like a falling meteor, and he used his head to crash into Hei Meng.
Boom!
Caught off guard, Hei Meng was also knocked senseless.
This was also because Hei Meng's head was indestructible. If it were anyone else, their head would have exploded into pieces. And Luo Zheng took advantage of this opportunity to attack. Countless fist shadows rained down on Hei Meng's body.

Chapter 3544
Luo Zheng's body, which had been strengthened by the Origin Divine Blood, also possessed shocking explosive power!
Every punch that landed on Hei Meng's body caused a shockwave to spread in all directions. The surrounding Blazing Maple Trees shook violently.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
Those Outsiders and Immortal Realm experts hid behind the Blazing Maple Trees to watch the battle. They were all shocked.
"This tall human's strength is already very terrifying!"
"Wu Meng's judgment is indeed accurate. This human's strength is above his."
"But no matter how strong this human is, he can't shake Hei Meng at all …"
In the long years that the He Meng Clan had controlled the Blazing Maple Forest, many Outsiders had wanted to eliminate them.
Among them, the most powerful were the Wu Kong Clan and the Yuan Ling Civilization.
Due to the special form of the Yuan Ling Civilization, they couldn't enter the Blazing Maple Forest to fight. However, as they controlled a large amount of resources in the Sanqing Heaven, they could use extraordinary methods.
The Yuan Ling Civilization had once created a powerful Dark Blood Puppet. This puppet was personally created by Mu Ling and consumed a lot of precious resources of the Yuan Ling Civilization. Its strength was indeed much stronger than the average He Meng Clan member.
However, it was torn to pieces in just one round against Hei Meng.
Since then, the Yuan Ling Civilization had never tried to attack the He Meng Clan in the Blazing Maple Forest.
The Wu Kong Clan had also tried something similar. Because the Wu Kong Clan knew how powerful Hei Meng was, they had targeted Hei Meng from the beginning.
Tongtian created his substitute and soaked it in the Golden Body Pool in the Sanqing Heaven for several years. After that, he went to the Blazing Maple Forest alone to challenge Hei Meng.
The result of the Wu Kong Clan's challenge was slightly better than the Yuan Ling Civilization's. Tongtian relied on his strange movement technique to contend with Hei Meng for several rounds.
However, even though Tongtian's substitute was extremely fast, its attack technique wasn't enough to break through Hei Meng's defense. In the end, it was still smashed by Hei Meng's punch.
Since then, no force dared to challenge Hei Meng. Hei Meng defeated his opponents in one blow. Most Outsiders and Immortal Realm experts also thought that Hei Meng didn't need a second punch to kill people. However, something unexpected happened to Luo Zheng. Not only did he take a blow from Hei Meng, he even retained his combat strength.
He counterattacked.
However, such a counterattack was futile.
Hei Meng didn't dodge too much. Although he was pushed back by Luo Zheng's fists, his legs plowing out two gullies in the ground, his expression didn't change at all. A trace of unconcealable mockery appeared in his eyes.
"Your body's toughness is not bad, but your strength is too weak." Hei Meng shook his head.
Luo Zheng realized that this level of attack had no effect on Hei Meng, so he stopped and said, "Did you hear that? You're too weak."
Luo Zheng's words confused Hei Meng. What did Luo Zheng mean by "we"?
Could it be that this kid wasn't alone?
Luo Zheng's words were naturally meant for the Origin Divine Blood … Soon, Luo Zheng felt the blood in his body surge like waves. The Origin Divine Blood also understood that it couldn't use energy in the Blazing Maple Forest, so it used a strange method to express its protest. At the same time, it transmitted a different kind of emotion to Luo Zheng.
I can still become stronger.
This kind of emotion couldn't be expressed in words, but Luo Zheng could clearly feel it.
"Since you admit that you're weak, you should also understand the fate of the weak." Hei Meng opened his arms.
"Of course I understand." Luo Zheng smiled slightly. "But you have to wait."
After saying that, Luo Zheng's body suddenly disappeared. At the same time, he chanted the Breaking Illusion Spell, which attracted the reaction of the Blazing Maple Forest. Several maple leaves lit up and flew towards him.
However, just like before, Luo Zheng had disappeared before the maple leaves exploded.
Fuxi, Nuwa, Rat King Sheng Tian, Donghuang, and Elder Ying also chanted the Breaking Illusion Spell and instantly left the other side. They chanted the Breaking Illusion Spell at the same time to retreat and attract more maple leaves.
"Boom boom boom boom …"
A part of the maple leaves exploded in front of Hei Meng, but Hei Meng didn't move at all. He was completely unafraid of these maple leaves.
"Wait?" Hei Meng muttered.
"Most likely they ran away! The monk can run away, but the temple can't run away. I'll go find a member of the Zhi race to drag them back to the other side! "Xian Kan stepped forward and said.
The Roar of Terror was a member of the Zhi race. Pulling creatures back from the Chaotic World was also a Divine Ability of the Zhi race. In addition, this Divine Ability wasn't unique to the Zhi race in the Three Clear Heavens. It wasn't difficult for the Elemental Spirit civilization to find help.
Hei Meng glanced coldly at Xian Kan. "He told me to wait for him. He should be back."
"Lord Hei Meng, these scoundrels must be hiding in the Chaotic World and don't dare to return. Before their shadows disappear, I have to …"
Xian Kan was halfway through his sentence when he felt Hei Meng's murderous gaze. He couldn't continue his sentence.
His legs were trembling, and he kept retreating backward in fear.
When he retreated to Wu Meng's side, Wu Meng sneered. "If you say another word, you won't have the chance to stand beside me anymore. Hei Meng doesn't need your guidance on how to do things."
Hei Meng just stood there without moving. The atmosphere among the many other races and Immortal Realm cultivators in the forest was a little tense. Now, no one dared to salvage the Divine River in front of Hei Meng. Everyone waited with Wu Meng.
Inside Li Mountain …
When Nuwa, Fuxi, Elder Ying, and Donghuang returned, their expressions were extremely ugly.
With the previous example, they knew very well that even if they returned to the Chaotic World, it wouldn't be safe.
The four of them simultaneously looked at Luo Zheng. Luo Zheng looked at his own body and said, "Everyone, take a step back …"
At this moment, Luo Zheng's stomach suddenly swelled up like a round ball.
This huge stomach was like a pill furnace. The temperature in his stomach rapidly rose, rose, and rose …
Even Donghuang, Elder Ying, and the other Immortal Realm cultivators couldn't bear it and could only retreat. As for Nuwa, she quickly evacuated the Sacred Soul Realm cultivators and led them out of the palace.
Not long after they left, the huge palace collapsed from the high temperature.
From the collapsed palace, a dazzling small sun rose. At the center of this small sun was a black dot.
"Luo Zheng … is pregnant with a freak?" Feng Ge watched from afar.
"I don't know what's in his stomach, but it should be able to make him stronger …" Donghuang felt even more incredulous when he saw this scene.
Fuxi and Nuwa's expressions were abnormally solemn.
They had seen Luo Zheng strengthen many times. It could be said that after a few transformations, he had completely broken away from his human state and was much calmer.
However, this time, Luo Zheng had gone to such great lengths to strengthen himself. It would probably be very difficult for him to deal with Hei Meng …
"Phew …"
Floating in midair, Luo Zheng felt the Origin God Blood in his body continuously surge toward his stomach. He looked at the black dot with a puzzled expression. "This can't really be a pill, right?"
Luo Zheng also vaguely understood that Hei Meng was too powerful. If the Origin God Blood wanted to continue strengthening his body, it would have to use more complicated methods. However, using his stomach to nurture a pill in front of so many people still left Luo Zheng speechless.

Chapter 3545
The sun-like radiance lasted for an hour …
As the radiance gradually faded, Luo Zheng's round belly returned to normal.
However, the pill was still in Luo Zheng's stomach. Just as Luo Zheng was curious about what the Origin Divine Blood was going to do with the pill, the pill suddenly merged with Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng immediately felt thousands of needles rapidly moving through his meridians. The extreme pain made Luo Zheng's face turn blue. He couldn't help but let out a low roar.
After the pill completely merged with Luo Zheng's body, the pain gradually disappeared. At the same time, Luo Zheng obtained a strange body!
His skin turned blue and translucent. His muscles, blood vessels, and even his bones were the same. They all turned into some kind of extremely hard crystal. His bones had the darkest color, followed by his muscles …
Luo Zheng raised his hand and examined it carefully. His dark blue fingernails were glowing. A vigorous and heavy force was moving through his limbs and bones …
"How do you feel?" Fuxi asked.
"I feel like I've opened up a new world. Not bad," Luo Zheng answered with a smile.
"Are you confident you can defeat Hei Meng?" Nuwa asked. This was the key question.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I'm not sure."
The Origin Divine Blood bestowed Luo Zheng with powers and abilities that were not fixed. Although most of them were very strong, Luo Zheng couldn't calculate their specific strength. Naturally, he wasn't confident he could defeat Hei Meng.
However, with the Origin Divine Blood's nature, it could construct almost anything. If it wanted Luo Zheng to defeat an opponent, it would definitely bestow him with enough power.
"Then, shall we return to the Paramita now?" Donghuang asked seriously.
"Yes!"
Luo Zheng answered affirmatively. He landed in the ruins of the palace and prepared his True Meaning of Dao before returning directly to the Paramita.
Donghuang, Elder Ying, Fuxi, Nuwa, Rat King Sheng Tian, and the others were all veterans. They didn't hesitate and returned to the Paramita together with Luo Zheng.
…
In the Blazing Maple Forest.
Hei Meng was still standing in the same place like an iron tower, motionlessly looking ahead.
The Immortal Realm cultivators under the Blazing Maple Tree in the distance were whispering to each other.
"It's been almost four hours!"
"Coming back is just courting death. Those humans aren't fools."
"Waiting like this is just a waste of time …"
"Shut up!"
Luo Meng stepped forward and scolded.
Although Luo Meng also felt that it was impossible for Luo Zheng's group to come back, he still had to maintain Hei Meng's authority and not allow these people to whisper.
The other He Meng clansmen were still solemn, waiting with Hei Meng.
At this time, not far in front of Hei Meng, a huge monster appeared again.
Compared to the state he was in before he left the Nirvana Realm, Luo Zheng had undergone a huge change. The giant humanoid figure formed by the blue translucent crystal was completely different from before!
"Are you done waiting?" Hei Meng asked.
Seeing Luo Zheng's miraculous transformation, Hei Meng also felt a bit strange. However, Hei Meng remembered Luo Zheng's aura, so he instantly confirmed that he was that human brat.
"All right," Luo Zheng answered.
"Wasting my time? That's another crime. Then … die!"
As Hei Meng spoke, his huge fist was already smashing down on Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng stretched out his crystal-like right hand and blocked it lightly. With a clang, the two huge forces collided.
The ground under Luo Zheng's feet sank rapidly, almost half of his body sinking into the ground, but he still managed to block Hei Meng's attack!
"He, he blocked it …"
"This is the first time someone has blocked Hei Meng's attack?"
"That human's body is so strong?"
Previously, Luo Zheng was still alive and kicking after taking Hei Meng's attack, which had already shocked all the Outsiders present.
Now, this brat had directly blocked Hei Meng's attack after coming back?
Their eyes almost popped out of their sockets …
This meant that Luo Zheng had the power to fight Hei Meng!
Hei Meng's eyes also flashed with surprise. He began to get serious, constantly punching with both hands.
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
"Boom …"
The speed of his attacks was not fast, and he maintained a stable frequency throughout.
Every time Luo Zheng took a hit, he would take a step back, and the ground behind him would constantly tremble, as if an earthquake was occurring.
What was interesting was that the Blazing Maple Trees were still standing steadily, and they did not break or collapse due to the tremors in the ground …
"Luo Zheng's body has become even stronger!" Nuwa said seriously.
"I really want to know what kind of bloodline he fused with, to be able to make him so powerful in such a short time." Donghuang said with admiration and curiosity.
If they were to face Hei Meng, they probably wouldn't be able to withstand even a tenth of his punch.
Meanwhile, Luo Zheng steadily retreated, his hands like two doors, blocking all of Hei Meng's attacks.
After blocking over thirty punches in a row, Luo Zheng retreated to the three Blazing Maple Trees. This time, Luo Zheng did not choose to run away.
Taking advantage of the moment when Hei Meng punched, Luo Zheng leapt backwards, his legs stepping on the branches of the Blazing Maple Trees, and at the same time, he charged towards Hei Meng!
Not only did he avoid Hei Meng's punch, but he also attacked Hei Meng with even more ferocious attacks!
"Boom boom boom boom boom!"
In the time it took for a spark to fly off a flint, Luo Zheng had already punched eight times.
After the eight punches, eight deep holes appeared on Hei Meng's broad chest, and eight huge fist imprints protruded from his back!
At this time, Luo Zheng and Hei Meng both showed astonishment on their faces!
Generally speaking, no matter how strong the force was, the person being attacked would be sent flying backwards, and at the same time, a considerable amount of the force would be dissipated.
But now, Hei Meng was standing motionless, which meant that he had to take the force of Luo Zheng's eight punches!
However, Hei Meng's feet did not have any footholds, and he couldn't just stand there and take it …
Was it a special ability of this body?
Luo Zheng himself was also puzzled.
"A very strong attack," Hei Meng praised after spitting out a mouthful of black blood.
Hei Meng felt that in the instant Luo Zheng punched, another force had fixed him in place, making him look like an immobile target.
Even someone as strong as Hei Meng couldn't help but suffer injuries after taking the brunt of these punches.
Luo Meng, Wu Meng, and the other members of the He Meng Tribe all looked at this scene with horrified expressions!
The invincible Hei Meng in their eyes had actually been injured, and he had even been beaten to the point of spitting out blood by a human!
There was nothing more terrifying in the world than this!
The mutated beasts and Immortal Realm cultivators all sucked in a breath of cold air.
In addition to their shock, they were also overjoyed.
If this human brat could really kill Hei Meng, it would be great news for everyone present!
"Then take a few more punches!"
Luo Zheng didn't hesitate. His body swayed slightly, and sharp fist projections flew towards Hei Meng from all directions.
"Dong dong dong dong dong dong …" The sound of these punches was extremely dull. If one looked closely, they would see that every time Luo Zheng's fist landed on Hei Meng, Hei Meng's body would tremble slightly, as if space had been displaced.

Chapter 3546
After the spatial dislocation, Hei Meng was embedded in a spatial wall.
He was unable to retreat, advance, or dodge left and right. He could only take on Luo Zheng's fist radiance!
Some of the sharp-eyed Sempiternal Realm aliens in the forest also saw some clues. The shock in their eyes intensified.
"He used a spatial ability?" one of them asked.
This kind of spatial dislocation seemed to be created by some kind of spatial god art.
However, spatial abilities belonged to the category of energy. That was clearly not a spatial ability. Otherwise, the maple leaves in the Blazing Maple Forest would have already danced and attacked Luo Zheng.
One had to know that these maple leaves had an extremely magical characteristic. They would follow their target to the ends of the earth at a constant speed.
Some people used a divine ability at the edge of the Blazing Maple Forest and escaped as fast as they could after triggering the attack of the maple leaves. After about ten breaths of time, the maple leaves would catch up to the target and explode.
There were also people who used a spatial shift at the edge of the Blazing Maple Forest to move to a further area. However, the maple leaves would also arrive after ten breaths of time!
As far as they knew, the only way to avoid the attack of the maple leaves was to leave the other side.
Those maple leaves probably wouldn't be able to chase them to the other side …
"It shouldn't be a spatial ability." Another alien shook his head and said, "It's some kind of unique energy wave. It can move the characteristics of the energy wave to an unimaginable extreme!"
"When did such an alien appear in the human race!" Another alien said with a face full of shock.
At this time, a Sempiternal Realm expert from the Three Generations Second Level Pingyi Heaven said, "That should be Luo Zheng. He was once the target of the Wu Kong Race and Yuan Ling Civilization at all costs. However, he rejected them."
Luo Zheng was considered famous in the Pingyi Heaven. No matter which faction it was, they all knew that this kid's potential was terrifying.
After hearing about his background, everyone's eyes were filled with envy.
One had to know that in the Three Clear Heavens, these two factions were the strongest. With the protection of these two factions, many things would become much easier.
"Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang …"
Under Luo Zheng's continuous attacks, Hei Meng had almost no room to retaliate.
The surface of his pitch-black body was filled with washbasin-sized holes. The fist imprints on his back were even more prominent.
In the blink of an eye, Hei Meng's body was smashed full of holes. His arms and legs were twisted, unable to support his body.
However, Luo Zheng's continuous "space walls" firmly fixed Hei Meng in place. Only when Luo Zheng withdrew his fist did Hei Meng fall to the ground with a loud bang …
Hei Meng's enormous, twisted body was like a puddle of mud on the ground. It was a tragic sight.
Blazing Maple Forest was extremely quiet …
Wu Meng and the other He Meng clansmen all looked at Hei Meng with confused eyes.
They couldn't accept it, and they couldn't believe that it was true.
Hei Meng was defeated just like that?
Fuxi, Nuwa, Elder Ying, Donghuang, and the others heaved a sigh of relief.
In the end, he still won …
Even Hei Meng had fallen under Luo Zheng's fist. What level had Luo Zheng's strength reached now?
On the other hand, the Immortal Realm foreign clansmen were overjoyed. After Luo Zheng defeated Hei Meng, he would become the new ruler of Blazing Maple Forest. However, no matter who became the ruler of Blazing Maple Forest, their situation wouldn't be worse than the He Meng clansmen's!
They had all been oppressed to the limit by the He Meng clansmen, and they hated them to the core.
The silence lasted for several breaths …
Hei Meng, who was lying on the ground, suddenly moved.
A red circular imprint about an inch wide lit up in Hei Meng's right palm. A red band of light extended from the red circular imprint and extended along his arm to his shoulder. Then, it extended to his chest, neck, spine, back, legs …
The red band of light seemed to be outlining Hei Meng's skeleton.
"Buzz!"
A miraculous scene appeared.
As if someone was blowing air into Hei Meng's body, the originally deflated and sunken parts of his body quickly swelled up. The torn wounds were healing nonstop, and his twisted arms were twisting in the direction of the red band of light.
"Crack crack crack …"
With the sound of bones cracking, Hei Meng's body quickly recovered.
Wu Meng, who was standing behind Hei Meng, saw that Hei Meng had recovered completely. His face was brimming with excitement. He suddenly raised his hand and shouted, "Meng!"
The other He Meng clansmen also raised their hands and shouted, "Meng!"
"Meng! Meng! Meng … "
The vigorous voices of the He Meng clansmen echoed in the Blaze Maple Forest. Even the Blaze Maple Forest seemed to be responding to them, and the leaves hanging on the maple trees swayed in unison.
The alien clansmen were shocked by the uniform roars, and none of them could say a word.
Hei Meng slowly climbed to his feet amidst the roars of the He Meng clansmen. A trace of depression flashed in his calm eyes. At the same time, he took a deep breath and said, "It's a pity that I let you see my strongest form …"
The He Meng clansmen were a clan with strong physical bodies. However, according to their innate talent, the stronger they were, the darker their skin color would be.
Ordinary He Meng clansmen's skin shone with a golden color. When they cultivated to a certain level, their bodies would become bronze or even dark bronze.
If they cultivated their bodies to the extreme, their bodies would be as dark bronze as Wu Meng's. That would be the limit.
However, Wu Meng had always regarded Hei Meng as his goal. He hoped to surpass this limit and cultivate to Hei Meng's level. Unfortunately, even after exhausting all his means, Wu Meng still couldn't make a breakthrough …
Hei Meng was very clear that the source of his strength was that burnt arm.
After he swallowed the arm, his physical body underwent a shocking change. The arm he swallowed easily helped him break through his limits and reach a new level!
Hei Meng was also very curious about the owner of this arm …
Since it had such a miraculous effect, the owner of this arm must be very powerful. Who could cut off the arm of such a powerful being …
The confusion in his heart must have come from the upper reaches of the Divine River. It must have come from the Clear Jade Sky, the deepest part of the Three Pure Sky!
Like the other alien clansmen in the 33 Heavens, Hei Meng regarded entering the Clear Jade Sky as his ultimate goal. Therefore, he had always kept his true strength, hoping to use it at a more critical moment. He never expected that today, he would be forced out.
A human was forced out.
"Whoosh!"
After Hei Meng finished speaking, he suddenly stretched out his hand and grabbed one of Luo Zheng's arms. With a flip, he pressed Luo Zheng to the ground. Then, all of the red ribbons of light on his body gathered towards his right arm.
"Boom!"
A fist smashed down.
The surrounding ground rippled like water. Even the dense and long roots of the Blazing Maple Forest were unable to calm the surging energy.
The alien clansmen who were close to the Blazing Maple Trees were still fine, but those who were standing in the open space directly fell to the ground. As the earth rippled outwards, they couldn't even crawl back up.
"Boom!"
A second fist smashed down.
A massive crater had already swallowed Hei Meng and Luo Zheng. Even more earth ripples began to spread.
"Boom!"
A third fist smashed down!
The earth rippled violently, toppling the nearest Blazing Maple Trees. Even the Hei Meng clansmen were sent flying by the earth ripples.

Chapter 3547
The earth rippled for a while before stopping. Then, everyone saw a body being thrown out of the deep pit. It was Luo Zheng.
Countless cracks had already appeared on Luo Zheng's azure transparent crystal body. Cracks of various sizes extended inwards. Even his dark blue bones were cracked. His powerful body couldn't withstand Hei Meng's three punches!
Those Outsiders who were originally a little active were all silent out of fear after feeling the power of these three punches.
Originally, there were spies of the Wu Kong Clan and Yuan Ling Civilization mixed in with these outsiders. These spies had all planned on reporting the news that Blaze Maple Forest might have "changed owners." The sudden change of ownership made them even more terrified and uneasy!
Although Hei Meng was defined as almost invincible, his true strength was still far beyond their expectations!
It was too terrifying!
"Hahaha …" Hei Meng stepped out of the deep pit and made a gesture to Wu Meng.
Wu Meng understood tacitly. He quickly took out a basin of Soul Avoiding Water from the Divine River and poured it on Luo Zheng's body. This would prevent Luo Zheng from escaping again after waking up.
Then, Hei Meng stepped forward and looked down at Luo Zheng's cracked body. "No one can challenge my physical body. You are an anomaly in the Three Pure Heaven. You have indeed surprised me, but you are still not qualified!"
As he spoke, Hei Meng stepped on Luo Zheng's leg. As Hei Meng continued to exert force, the cracks on Luo Zheng's leg continued to increase.
"Crack, crack, crack …"
As more and more cracks appeared, Luo Zheng's leg suddenly exploded. It turned into thousands of pieces and scattered all over the ground.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others' eyes twitched.
Luo Zheng's body had been strengthened twice, but he was still defeated …
His journey in the Three Pure Heaven came to an abrupt end today?
"Alas, how can my old life be worth Luo Zheng's saving? Luo Zheng's life is much more important than my Heavenly Palace. I'm so foolish, so foolish!" Donghuang suddenly blamed himself with regret.
Although Elder Ying was silent, he probably had the same thought.
Now it seemed that Luo Zheng was the real hope and the only one who could complete the Path of the End. However, this person had sacrificed his life to save them. It was not worth it.
Nuwa didn't say anything. She was still looking at Luo Zheng with a dignified look.
She believed that Luo Zheng would not give up until the very last moment.
"Crack!"
Hei Meng then stomped on Luo Zheng's right leg until it exploded, shooting out countless blue crystal fragments.
Then, he lifted his leg again and was about to crush Luo Zheng's body.
Just as Hei Meng's foot was about to land on Luo Zheng's abdomen, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes, revealing two demonic red dots in his eyes.
When Hei Meng made contact with that demonic red gaze, his heart couldn't help but tremble. A sense of crisis rose from the depths of his heart. Hei Meng almost instinctively wanted to strangle Luo Zheng. This foot of his was going to crush Luo Zheng's body!
But the moment he stepped down, Luo Zheng's body rippled with a burst of spatial fluctuations, and quickly disappeared under Hei Meng's feet. Hei Meng's foot naturally missed.
Buzz, buzz, buzz …
The moment the spatial fluctuations spread out, circles of maple leaves in the Blazing Maple Forest lit up. Like butterflies migrating on a large scale, they swarmed in one direction.
"Ten breaths of time." Hei Meng shook his head with a smile.
Many people of the He Meng Clan, aliens, and Immortal Realm sighed when they saw those maple leaves.
No matter how far or how fast they ran, no matter how hard they hid, these maple leaves would always arrive on time and take away the life of those who violated the rules. The only exception was to escape from the other side. However, Wu Meng had just splashed the water of the Divine River.
This way was blocked.
Therefore, in everyone's eyes, Luo Zheng only had ten breaths of time left to live. They would see how Luo Zheng struggled in the last ten breaths of time.
The people of the He Meng Clan loved to enjoy the last ten breaths of time. In the last ten breaths of time of life, both aliens and Immortal Realm experts would try their best to struggle, but the final result was always the same.
There was a time when the people of the He Meng Clan madly forced the aliens and Immortal Realm experts to activate their energy just to enjoy the last ten breaths of time.
"Buzz!"
After Luo Zheng disappeared, he immediately created a space tunnel. The maple leaves along the tunnel quickly glowed and left the Blazing Maple Tree, flying into the sky!
"That brat actually attracted so many maple leaves!"
"A little more or a little less doesn't make much of a difference. He can't escape death …"
"There are so many maple leaves. It's enough for him to die ten times over!"
The maple leaves in the Blazing Maple Forest had several magical properties. One of them was that they could catch up to their target in ten breaths of time no matter how far they were. Another special property was that the damage caused by the explosion of the maple leaves could not be blocked.
No matter how powerful the barrier was or how ingenious the space was, it could not block the damage caused by the explosion of the maple leaves.
After Luo Zheng came out of the space tunnel, a green light surged on the surface of his body, and his broken legs quickly recovered. Then, he looked back at the maple leaves and immediately went back into the space tunnel.
He drew an invisible path in the Blazing Maple Forest, attracting all the maple leaves below him …
"Six breaths of time left …"
"This brat runs fast. He made a big circle in such a short time!"
"Five breaths!"
"Four breaths!"
"Three breaths!"
"Two breaths!"
"One breath … Bang!"
Next to him, Luo Meng made an expression of shock.
According to the way everyone calculated the time, those maple leaves would undoubtedly explode.
With so many maple leaves, no matter where Luo Zheng escaped to, the sound of the explosion would be transmitted quickly. However, the explosion that everyone expected to hear did not appear.
On the contrary, everyone saw Luo Zheng floating in the air. This time, he did not even go back into the space tunnel. Thus, he attracted even more maple leaves!
Large patches of maple leaves were still chasing after Luo Zheng. They still maintained a distance, neither closing in nor shaking off Luo Zheng …
When Hei Meng saw this scene, his pupils contracted. He almost gritted his teeth and said, "How is this possible!"
Then, Hei Meng slightly tilted his head. A trace of energy fluctuation appeared on his shoulder. Although this energy fluctuation was very faint, a maple leaf hanging on a nearby Blazing Maple Tree still sensed it. After the maple leaf lit up, it floated over.
Hei Meng's legs fiercely kicked, and he quickly pulled away from the maple leaf. His entire body was like a ghost as he spun in circles.
After ten breaths of time, the maple leaf accurately closed in on Hei Meng and exploded on his shoulder.
"Pa!"
Hei Meng's physical defense was astonishingly strong. However, when the maple leaf exploded, a crack appeared on the surface of his body!
"There's nothing wrong with these maple leaves." Hei Meng looked up in confusion. "Does that mean there's something wrong with that brat?"
Luo Zheng was still dragging the maple leaves in circles. The maple leaves were still unable to close in on Luo Zheng!
"What the hell? Are these maple leaves stupid?"
"Nothing like this has ever happened in all of history!"
"How did he do it?"
The outsiders and Immortal realm cultivators were all dumbfounded.

Chapter 3548
Originally, they were all counting down Luo Zheng's life, but when the time was up, Luo Zheng was still alive and kicking …
Fuxi, Donghuang, and the others, who were originally worried, were now slightly relieved.
"This kid, haha …" Fuxi was somewhat speechless.
Donghuang also shook his head. "The danger is not over yet."
Rat King Sheng squeaked. "It's impossible that the maple leaves can't catch up with him. What method did Luo Zheng use?"
Nuwa stared at Luo Zheng's movements. "The maple leaves in the Blazing Maple Forest do not move according to normal rules. The way these maple leaves pass through space is different from what we imagined, and Luo Zheng should be moving in exactly the same way as the maple leaves."
"Then Luo Zheng's movement is different from ours? Why can't I see it? "Fuxi asked.
"As creatures in the Chaos, you and I are born with limitations. Naturally, we can't see through it," Nuwa replied. "Some kind of change should have occurred in Luo Zheng's body, and this change has a lot to do with his bloodline …"
Luo Zheng didn't completely explain the origin divine blood, and Nuwa didn't ask in detail.
But from Luo Zheng's performance after returning from the Immortal Realm, the strength of his bloodline should have reached a level that ordinary people couldn't understand.
"Huff, huff, huff …"
Luo Zheng suddenly sped up while floating in the air, circled in the air several times, and then landed on the open space in the forest, and walked toward Hei Meng as if nothing had happened.
The red light in his eyes was still full of wildness and killing intent, and even his aura changed greatly. But when he spoke again, it was still Luo Zheng's voice, but it was a little shrill and hurried. "This is your strongest form? Then can you block all of them?! "
Luo Zheng said as he walked toward Hei Meng.
He didn't walk fast, and looked like an old man walking at a leisurely pace.
When Hei Meng heard Luo Zheng's words, he immediately understood why Luo Zheng attracted those maple leaves!
He retreated into the Blazing Maple Forest at a speed that couldn't be seen by the naked eye, as if he had been bitten by a poisonous snake. But just as he retreated a distance, he heard Luo Zheng's laughter. "Haha, running away? I'll give you ten breaths … "
"Ten!"
"Nine!"
"Eight …"
Everyone saw Luo Zheng walking slowly like an old man taking a stroll.
Hei Meng, on the other hand, used a speed that the naked eye could not capture to fly through the forest.
Even so, the distance between the two of them was still rapidly closing!
"Ten breaths … That kid has grasped the circulation pattern of the maple leaf?"
"If that's the case, it's too terrifying!"
"Hei Meng won't be able to dodge it no matter what!"
Everyone had originally seen Luo Zheng as a challenger, but now the situation was completely beyond their imagination. Luo Zheng obviously had some unimaginable ability.
"Five!"
"Four!"
"Three!"
"Two …"
Previously, when everyone saw the maple leaves fluttering about, they didn't feel anything. They only felt that the maple leaves were sometimes fast and sometimes slow.
Now that Luo Zheng was walking, they could see it clearly.
His steps didn't change, but his stride had changed.
In front of Luo Zheng, the space that was originally one foot had become one inch, and the distance of ten feet had become one foot.
At the last second, any distance in this world was only a step away for Luo Zheng.
With one step, he would be everywhere in the world.
Even though Hei Meng's speed was astonishing, he was still caught by Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng caught up to Hei Meng, he only lightly patted him on the shoulder, then said to Hei Meng, "You still have … ten breaths of life."
Then, Luo Zheng turned around and walked towards Fuxi and Nuwa.
The maple leaves fluttering in the sky originally circled around Luo Zheng's path, but at this time, they changed direction and madly rushed towards Hei Meng like a swarm of bees.
The first ten breaths of time was the time Luo Zheng approached him …
Now, these ten breaths of time were the time the maple leaves approached …
Previously, Hei Meng thought that he could escape, but when he saw the maple leaves coming towards him, he stopped running.
"Ten breaths of life, never fail," Hei Meng muttered.
He had once said that if he offended the Blazing Maple Forest and attracted the maple leaves to attack him, he definitely wouldn't run away in vain, nor would he put on a final struggle for others.
"Six …"
"Five!"
"Four!"
"Three!"
"Two!"
"One!"
Luo Zheng was originally quite a distance away from Fuxi, but he still took ten breaths of time to leisurely walk over.
After counting, he arrived at Fuxi and Nuwa's side and turned his head to look at them.
The maple leaves also touched Hei Meng …
One by one, the maple leaves began to explode.
Hei Meng's physical body was tyrannical to a peak state.
A single maple leaf could explode a person into a bloody mess, but it could only cause an extremely small wound to Hei Meng.
However, there were too many maple leaves!
Luo Zheng had just created a spatial passage and was running all over the place, attracting almost a third of the maple leaves in the Blazing Maple Forest.
Previously, no one had been able to enrage the Blazing Maple Forest to this extent, because from the time the first maple leaf was attracted, only ten breaths of time would pass. However, Luo Zheng ignored this time.
As long as he wanted, he could attract all the maple leaves in the entire Blazing Maple Forest.
"Boom boom boom boom boom …"
Soon, the light from the exploding maple leaves completely enveloped Hei Meng.
The sound of explosions constantly reverberated through the forest.
After a full ten breaths of time, the explosions suddenly stopped!
After the light disappeared, everyone looked at the place where Hei Meng had been. There was nothing left there except for the massive crater created by the explosion of the maple leaves!
Hei Meng's physical body had been completely obliterated by the explosion of the maple leaves …
This was a common occurrence in the Blazing Maple Forest. However, many people were still very shocked. Hei Meng's physical body was so terrifying that it could withstand the explosion of the maple leaves for so long.
After killing Hei Meng, there was still a large portion of the maple leaves left. These maple leaves would not return to the Blazing Maple Tree. Instead, they flashed with a dazzling light before exploding in unison!
The Blazing Maple Forest still maintained its silence.
The He Meng tribesmen stared blankly at the place where Hei Meng had disappeared. They were still unwilling to believe that Hei Meng had died.
As the tribe leader, Wu Meng's face was ashen.
Although the other He Meng tribesmen were powerful, they were still able to stand firm in the Blazing Maple Forest because of Hei Meng.
Now that Hei Meng was dead, the greatest taboo of those large factions was gone.
If the Wu Kong Race and Yuan Ling Civilization wanted to defeat Wu Meng in the Blazing Maple Forest, or even kill him, it would not be too difficult. This meant that the status of the He Meng Tribe was in danger, and all the deeds of the He Meng Tribe in these years would be dealt with and avenged …
A heart-piercing coldness rose from Wu Meng's back as though he had been stabbed by a dagger. He stood stiffly at his spot.
"Luo Zheng, how did you do it, this … … that … …" Fuxi gestured, not knowing how to ask.
Nuwa stared at Luo Zheng and asked, "Is it the ability bestowed upon you by your bloodline?"
Luo Zheng nodded. "I can sense another path. That path is very unique. It's another kind of space, but it's different from the spatial divine ability we understand." As he spoke, he stretched out his hand toward a blazing maple tree in the distance.

Chapter 3549
After the maple leaves in the Blaze Maple Forest fell off, new spores would quickly sprout on the Blaze Maple Trees. Then, new maple leaves would grow at a speed visible to the naked eye.
The maple leaves on the Blaze Maple Tree were rapidly growing. Luo Zheng reached out and gently plucked the maple leaves, holding them in his hand.
He didn't extend his arm, nor did he construct a spatial tunnel, but he was able to pluck the maple leaves just like that.
"You can pluck anything?" Nuwa's eyes lit up slightly.
If Luo Zheng could always use this ability without anyone noticing, it would be extremely powerful. After all, it was impossible to guard against.
"No." Luo Zheng shook his head. "I can only pluck the maple leaves." After Luo Zheng suffered three terrifying punches from Hei Meng, he was basically unconscious. Then, Luo Zheng's physical body suddenly used a spatial divine ability to avoid Hei Meng, relying on the instincts of the Origin Divine Blood. After the Origin Divine Blood used its divine ability, it also gave Luo Zheng a special ability.
Luo Zheng had this miraculous ability.
When he woke up, he was shocked to see so many maple leaves chasing after him. However, in his field of vision, the maple leaves were flying very slowly, and they were moving according to a fixed path. Luo Zheng was also on this path …
Now that he could see through these paths, everything became simple.
Others might find it inconceivable, but Luo Zheng could easily understand.
When someone activated their energy in the Blaze Maple Forest, all the maple leaves around them would form a path with that person. No matter how far the target ran, the maple leaves only needed to move according to the path to hit the target.
More interestingly, Luo Zheng discovered that he could change these paths!
Thus, after Luo Zheng circled around, he made the path behind him into a closed circle. The maple leaves could only rotate in the circle. As long as he didn't break this circle, the maple leaves would rotate until the end of time.
When he approached Hei Meng again, he lightly patted Hei Meng's shoulder and guided the maple leaves to Hei Meng.
Actually, after Luo Zheng saw through these paths, he was no longer afraid of the Blaze Maple Forest. He could use his divine ability to kill Hei Meng, but guiding the maple leaves was clearly the simplest method …
After the foreign races and Immortal Realm experts in the Blaze Maple Forest digested the shock in their hearts, they finally regained their composure.
Three short Yaru Tribesmen took the lead and stepped forward. The leader of the Yaru Tribesmen raised a complete gold and silver skeleton above his head and said, "This complete gold and silver skeleton is extremely rare, please kindly accept it, Sir!"
When Wu Meng, Luo Meng, and the rest of the Meng Clan's people saw this, their faces darkened. Normally, when a complete set of gold and silver bones was salvaged, the non-humankind would not be allowed to keep it for themselves. The He Meng people would definitely want a share of the loot. Under normal circumstances, complete sets of gold and silver bones were extremely rare, and the He Meng people would keep them for themselves.
Then, he returned the other pieces of gold and silver bones to the other party.
These Yaru Tribesmen had actually hidden away the gold and silver bones.
It was common for outsiders and Immortal Realm experts to hide items from the Divine River. If that was all, the He Meng people would not be so angry.
But now, the Yaru Tribesmen were offering the golden and silver bones to Luo Zheng in front of the He Meng Tribesmen …
Hei Meng had just died, and they were already disregarding the people of He Meng Clan?
"Ha Lei, what do you mean? We are the true masters of Blazing Maple Forest!"
Luo Meng was still young and impetuous, so he could not help but scold the Yaru Tribesmen.
Who knew that the Yaru Tribesman called Ha Lei would not buy it. He turned his head and looked at Luo Meng with contempt, "Hei Meng is dead, and you want to be the masters of Blazing Maple Forest? What a joke! "
Although these Yaru Tribesmen were short in stature, they were not ordinary people.
Just like the He Meng Clan, they were born with powerful bodies. But because the He Meng Clan had the advantage and Hei Meng's existence, the number of Yaru Tribesmen entering the forest was limited.
Even if the Yaru Tribesmen outnumbered the He Meng Clan by a few hundred times, Hei Meng alone was enough to wipe them out.
The Yaru Tribesmen were afraid of Hei Meng, so they could only swallow their anger.
But now, this human had killed Hei Meng!
Hei Meng was dead!
The Yaru Tribesmen believed that their chance had come!
The human race was a rare race, and they were all made up of Immortal Realm experts. Over the long years, the human race had been glorious, but once they disappeared for a long time, only a few of them appeared in the Grand Pure Heaven recently.
A few humans were definitely unable to manage the huge Blaze Maple Forest, so the Yaru Tribesmen were very happy to do this for Luo Zheng.
"Is this thing useful?" Luo Zheng asked.
He was asking about the origin divine blood in his body, but the origin divine blood did not respond to Luo Zheng. Obviously, it was not interested in this.
"Of course this thing is useful! It's a sacred object for body cultivators, especially a complete gold and silver skeleton, which is rarely seen in ten thousand years … "Donghuang suddenly said with an excited expression.
But when he suddenly saw everyone staring at him, Donghuang's old face turned red for the first time.
He was Donghuang, the master of the Heavenly Palace, and the backer of the human race in the Center God Province …
In front of a treasure, especially in front of the junior Luo Zheng, he indeed lost his composure, but this was not his fault.
Although Donghuang had fished up a lot of good things in the divine river these years, the so-called "good" here was ultimately limited. From time to time, some unimaginable things would float down from the upper reaches of the divine river, but there were many people who coveted them.
Donghuang could bring back the Nirvana Realm keepsake of the Saint Soul Realm of the Heavenly Palace from the 32 Layers of Heaven, which was basically trash that no one wanted.
Once, Donghuang fished up a gold and silver skeleton, but this gold and silver skeleton was only the size of a fingernail. Even so, Donghuang was excited for a long time. After all, after reaching the Immortal Realm, there were many treasures that could strengthen the body.
Limited.
Now that he saw a complete gold and silver skeleton, he could not suppress the excitement in his heart.
"Since Senior Donghuang is definitely a good thing, please accept it," Luo Zheng said.
He might not need it, but it was extremely important to the Immortal Realm experts like Donghuang, Fuxi, Nuwa, and the Heaven Winning Rat King.
The Yaru Tribesmen's action not only caused the He Meng Tribesmen's dissatisfaction, but also reminded the other races that relied on the divine river to make a living!
Now, Luo Zheng's importance was self-evident. If they could have a good relationship with Luo Zheng, wouldn't it be …
But just as those alien races were about to line up to "give" Luo Zheng a "gift", all the maple trees in the Blaze Maple Forest fluttered.
"Hua … …"
As if a wind was blowing through the Blaze Maple Forest, all the maple leaves began to clamor at this moment. All the Blaze Maple Trees came to life at this time, using a unique method to communicate with each other.
"Gudong, gudong!"
Suddenly, waves appeared in the divine river.
Countless thick tree roots suddenly emerged from the river. These were the roots of the Blaze Maple Trees!
The roots of the Blaze Maple Trees were very developed and almost spread all over the ground. It was not strange for them to emerge from the river.
But what was strange was that these tree roots wrapped around two charred limbs and sent them to the shore. One of the two charred limbs was sent to Wu Meng, and the other was sent to the Yaru Tribesmen.

Chapter 3550
Of the two charred black limbs, one was a leg, and the other was an arm.
When the two black limbs floated to the surface of the divine river, the breaths of the non-humans and Immortal Realm cultivators present became ragged.
It was no secret that Hei Meng had devoured an unknown charred limb in the Blaze Maple Forest. Many non-humans believed that this was the reason why Hei Meng was so powerful.
When these non-humans roamed the divine river in search of all kinds of strange treasures, they would naturally keep an eye out, hoping that they would be lucky enough to obtain the charred limb one day.
What was disappointing was that no one had ever obtained a second charred limb in all these years …
Who would have thought that the Blaze Maple Forest was actually hiding two black limbs!
The roots of the Blaze Maple Forest were extremely developed, and both sides of the divine river were filled with Blaze Maple Trees. Anything that happened in the divine river naturally couldn't escape the Blaze Maple Forest's control. It wasn't difficult for them to fish something out of the divine river.
"After devouring that black limb, one's physical strength will increase explosively …"
"It can make me even stronger than Hei Meng!"
"This is a holy artifact, a holy artifact of our race!"
The crowd went wild.
Obtaining a black limb would increase one's strength to an unimaginable level. To the Nirvana Realm beings, this was an astonishing temptation.
Perhaps the Blaze Maple Forest had sensed the non-humans' restlessness, but branches covered in maple leaves surrounded the He Meng and Yaru Tribesmen. At the same time, all of the maple leaves shone with a red light.
The warning was very strong!
A few non-humans saw the red maple leaves and instinctively stopped in their tracks.
They hadn't forgotten that this was the Blaze Maple Forest and the consequences of being attacked by the maple leaves.
However, most of the non-humans felt that as long as they didn't use any energy, the Blaze Maple Forest wouldn't attack them. If they made the right bet and obtained the black limb, the benefits would be self-evident!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh …
The non-humans swarmed toward the He Meng and Yaru Tribesmen.
"You're courting death!"
"You dare to steal from us?"
The He Meng and Yaru Tribesmen's expressions darkened.
These two races were the overlords of the Blaze Maple Forest, but they still felt pressured when faced with so many non-humans attacking them.
Just as the strange races at the front approached, the red maple leaves fell from the branches.
Previously, these maple leaves would approach the target with a light flutter, but the red maple leaves were completely different. They flew towards the target like sharp arrows.
"The route … is very short," Luo Zheng said.
The length of the path, which was invisible to ordinary people, determined the time it took for the maple leaf to reach the target.
In this extremely short path, the maple leaves naturally exploded quickly.
"Boom boom boom boom …"
The strange races at the front were blasted into smithereens by the maple leaves.
Most of the remaining Outsiders were finally jolted awake by reality when they saw how miserable the situation was.
If they rushed over like this, other than courting death, there was no other possibility. After thinking it through, they retreated one after another. On the other hand, the He Meng clansmen and Yaru clansmen were nervous for nothing.
After seeing this scene, Nuwa seemed to understand something. "It seems that the Blaze Maple Forest is the true master of this place. The He Meng clansmen don't have the ability to control the Blaze Maple Forest. Hei Meng is just a hired thug."
When Donghuang and Heaven Winning Rat King heard this conclusion, their faces revealed astonishment. But after thinking about it, Nuwa wasn't wrong. The black limb that Hei Meng had eaten back then was probably "unintentionally" bestowed to him by the Blaze Maple Forest.
"So the Blaze Maple Forest chose both the He Meng and Yaru clansmen?" Fuxi asked.
"That should be the case," Nuwa smiled. "Luo Zheng easily killed Hei Meng, which may bring a lot of pressure to the Blaze Maple Forest, so the Blaze Maple Forest will expand their team."
"They expanded their team just to deal with me?" Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes slightly. "If I snatch the black limb, what will the Blaze Maple Forest do?"
As soon as Luo Zheng said this, three Blaze Maple Forest trees not far away suddenly bent down towards Luo Zheng and stretched out their branches. The maple leaves on the branches flickered with a green light. The Blaze Maple Forest was actually showing goodwill to Luo Zheng!
The Blaze Maple Forest was afraid that Luo Zheng would really try to snatch it!
In the entire Blaze Maple Forest, the only one they couldn't do anything to was Luo Zheng.
"I was just saying," Luo Zheng shrugged.
He naturally couldn't stay in the Blaze Maple Forest for a long time, not to mention that Luo Zheng wasn't interested in the Blaze Maple Forest or the Divine River.
"However, this black limb can strengthen the body considerably. Although I can't use it, but …" Luo Zheng narrowed his eyes again.
Nuwa, Fuxi, Elder Ying, Donghuang, and Victorious Sky Rat King were all shaken when they heard Luo Zheng's words. If their bodies could be strengthened to Hei Meng's level, their strength would also be greatly enhanced.
In the distance, the members of the He Meng Tribe and the Yaru Tribe were also paying attention to the situation here. At this moment, their faces were deathly pale.
They naturally wouldn't be afraid if other people came to snatch it, but if Luo Zheng came to snatch it, they couldn't escape or resist. They had no other choice but to be bound.
However, the black limb was related to the fate of their tribe. How could they be willing to let others snatch it away?
However, before Luo Zheng could finish speaking, the Divine River beside them began to churn violently.
Countless thick and thin meridians lifted up the objects at the bottom of the Divine River. The gold and silver bones flickered with two kinds of light, the azure Crystal of Physique, and the resplendent body membrane …
Even Luo Zheng could tell at a glance that this pile of objects was very valuable. Although it couldn't be compared to the charred black limb, it was still a huge fortune for the strange races of the Supreme Pure Heaven.
Nuwa, Fuxi, Donghuang, and the others were also moved …
"This wealth, squeak … It's a lot, a lot …" The Winning Sky Rat King was the most calculative. With just a glance, it could roughly determine the value of this pile of objects.
Wu Meng's expression didn't relax at all. He knew that although this pile of objects was a lot, their combined value wasn't as high as the black limb. What if Luo Zheng didn't agree?
Perhaps the Blazing Maple Forest himself was aware of this. One of the maple trees suddenly stretched out a branch and began to write on the ground. "The Immortal Realm can't contain the charred corpse. Swallowing it will result in death. If you don't believe me, you can try."
This line of words was like a basin of cold water that extinguished the fantasies of Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others.
There was a clear difference between the Immortal Realm and the strange races. The strange races were the creatures of the Nirvana Realm born in the Three Pure Heaven, while the Immortal Realm was the people who came up through the painting scroll.
Luo Zheng didn't express his opinion. Instead, he asked, "Then what's the origin of this charred corpse?"
Swallowing the black limb could strengthen one to a terrifying degree. How powerful was this charred corpse when it was alive? Its origin was probably not simple.

Chapter 3551
Luo Zheng was not the only one who was curious. Nuwa, Fuxi, and even the Yaru Tribesmen and He Meng Tribesmen in the distance all stretched out their necks.
"Swish swish swish … …"
The tree branch danced on the ground again.
"A long time ago, a ball of fire rushed down from upstream. The fire was extremely strong. The divine river that was originally filled with water was burned dry by the ball of fire. When the fire was extinguished, only these three pieces of bodies were left. Their identities are unknown."
Everyone was a little disappointed when they saw the answer written by Blaze Maple Forest. After all, everyone wanted to see the secrets of Clear Sky and Clear Jade Sky.
According to what Blazing Maple Forest said, the fireball must have descended extremely long ago. In that case, the three black limbs had actually been preserved by Blazing Maple Forest for many years. That was why Blazing Maple Forest had secretly given Hei Meng that black limb.
"How do you know that the burnt corpse is poisonous to Immortal Realm cultivators?" Luo Zheng asked.
"You can try," Blaze Maple Forest stretched out the tree branch again and wrote on the ground.
"No need, I believe you," Luo Zheng shook his head. Luo Zheng could indeed try, but at this point, there was no need to doubt it.
"Swish swish … …"
Blaze Maple Forest's tree branch retracted, while the He Meng Tribesmen and Yaru Tribesmen breathed a sigh of relief.
Especially the patriarch of the He Meng Tribesmen, Wu Meng, his heart was filled with ecstasy.
He had tried countless times to reach Wu Meng's level, but every time he tried hard, he was disappointed.
Although it was his turn to lead the He Meng Tribesmen after the death of the previous patriarch, Wu Meng knew very well that his so-called patriarch title was not worthy of the title.
If he devoured the black limb now, he would become the next Hei Meng!
"Crunch, crunch, crunch … …"
Before the other He Meng Tribesmen could think of anything, Wu Meng grabbed the black limb and started to chew it.
Blaze Maple Forest only designated the black limb for the He Meng Tribesmen, not Wu Meng. If the other He Meng Tribesmen did not agree, the situation would become even more troublesome.
On the other side, the Yaru Tribesmen also had similar thoughts.
The Yaru Tribe had a much larger population than the He Meng Tribe. The entire Yaru Tribe had more than 40 branches. Every once in a while, one of the branches would lead a team into the Blazing Maple Forest. However, the Yaru Tribe's patriarch rarely came here.
According to reason, this clan branch should bring back the black limb and offer it to the patriarch, but this was obviously impossible. The leader of this clan branch was also devouring the black limb, waiting for his strength to explode and return to the Yaru Tribe.
He was afraid that another bloody storm would be set off.
Luo Zheng didn't have much interest in the disputes between these foreign races. He still had to deal with the small mountain of resources gifted to him by the Blaze Maple Forest …
…
On the other side of Blazing Maple Forest.
An energy fluctuation appeared out of nowhere. Then, the energy fluctuation was like a wave of water, and it was about to outline the shape of a door.
However, as soon as the door took shape, countless maple leaves exploded on the surface of the door, blasting the unformed door into smithereens.
Inside the door …
Dozens of long-haired monsters gathered at the door.
They felt the power of the maple leaf explosion outside the door and were all shocked.
"The explosion of these maple leaves is the energy of reality!"
"Our fur can't withstand the damage of reality energy."
"If we rashly go out, we'll die!"
The long-haired monsters were somewhat helpless.
They had finally caught a foreign race member with great difficulty. After hearing some information, they had directly rushed to Blazing Maple Forest. They didn't expect that this Blazing Maple Forest would be so strange. The maple leaves contained a terrifying amount of reality energy!
This kind of reality energy could practically ignore all defensive methods. The amount of energy released would be the same amount of damage to the target. There was almost no way to eliminate or reduce it.
"I don't care. In any case, do whatever you can to find my grandmother!" A crisp voice ordered. "If my grandmother dies, don't even think about undoing the curse on your body for the rest of your lives!"
Not far away, a human woman was leaning against the corner of a wall. Her slender, snow-white legs were pressed to the side. It was Ling Shuang.
Apart from her appearance, her body had undergone a significant change.
Her originally black hair had turned into purple crystals. Even her eyebrows were made of thin purple crystals. Her eyes flickered with a purple light, as if they were embedded with two purple gems.
Compared to before, Ling Shuang's aura was countless times stronger.
Even the foreign race members of the 33 Heavens could not be compared to her.
Many of the long-haired monsters had good tempers. They were afraid of hearing Ling Shuang's threat.
"We've already worked very hard!"
"We've already heard that she should be in Blazing Maple Forest …"
"But what if your grandmother died long ago?" A long-haired monster asked.
"It's the same even if she died long ago. As long as my grandmother is alive, I will help you!" Ling Shuang curled her lips.
At this moment, the white-haired monster held a black square brick and walked towards Ling Shuang.
A hole was dug in the middle of the black square brick. The hole was filled with purple liquid. As the liquid boiled, white fog flowed out. The white-haired monster said, "Your grandmother is alive. You also need to have enough strength to save her.
Your grandmother is dead. You also need to have enough strength to avenge her. Hurry up and drink. "
Ling Shuang originally wanted to refute, but she felt that the white-haired monster's words were not wrong. After pausing for a moment, she took the black square brick and began drinking the purple liquid in the brick.
"Since the door cannot be opened in Blazing Maple Forest, we will open it outside Blazing Maple Forest. You can enter and search," the white-haired monster suggested.
"But if we are exposed, won't we …" One of the long-haired monsters said worriedly.
The white-haired monster chuckled. "We can hide for a while, but not forever. They will find out sooner or later."
Thus, the long-haired monsters followed the white-haired monster's instructions and moved the door outside Blazing Maple Forest.
After the door was opened, four long-haired monsters quietly entered the Blazing Maple Forest, and the door disappeared.
Four hours later …
Four long-haired monsters returned from Blazing Maple Forest. One of the long-haired monsters patted the air lightly. The door appeared again. The four long-haired monsters opened the door and entered. The door disappeared again.
"How is it?"
Ling Shuang, who had been waiting for a long time, asked anxiously.
"We found out! Your grandmother is not dead, "the long-haired monster in the lead replied.
Ling Shuang suddenly stood up. A bright purple light spread out from her eyes. It spread along her eyebrows and hair. She released a strong and fierce aura.
Even though the long-haired monsters present were all very powerful, they were still suppressed by this aura. Especially the long-haired monster she was facing. It let out an ear-piercing sound from its throat. It was almost unable to speak.
"Cough, cough, cough …" The long-haired monster in the lead pointed at its throat.
Ling Shuang then realized her problem. She quickly retracted her aura. "So, sorry …"
She did not have full control of her power …
The long-haired monster panted a few times before telling Ling Shuang what happened in Blazing Maple Forest.

Chapter 3552
There were many different races in Tai Qing Heaven, and Blazing Maple Forest had just undergone a huge change.
These long-haired monsters did not encounter any trouble when they sneaked in, and they easily obtained information.
Ling Shuang was also surprised after hearing this.
"A seven to eight feet tall human saved Granny?"
"Yes, without a doubt. This human is said to be very powerful." The eyes of the leading long-haired monster flickered. These long-haired monsters were all very powerful. After hearing about such a powerful being, they wanted to compete with him.
"There are no seven to eight feet tall humans. Did he activate the Rage God's body?" Ling Shuang asked again.
"The power of the Rage God can't be used in Blazing Maple Forest, so it's definitely not the Rage God's body. No matter what, your Granny must be safe. That human defeated all the living beings in Blazing Maple Forest!" The long-haired monster continued.
The other long-haired monsters also focused their attention on Ling Shuang.
Ling Shuang had always rejected their request because she wanted to save her Granny. Therefore, all the long-haired monsters treated saving Elder Ying as their top priority.
Now that Elder Ying was saved by someone else, this mission was considered non-existent. Ling Shuang should help them.
"Yes, your Granny must be fine."
"It's your turn to help us now!"
"Although we didn't save your Granny, we spent a lot of time …"
Hearing the long-haired monsters talking, Ling Shuang blinked her eyes. "Can I go back and see Granny?"
"Sizzle …"
In the long tunnel, the atmosphere suddenly became heavy. The long-haired monsters looked at Ling Shuang with piercing eyes.
These long-haired monsters had waited for too long. They always wanted to break the curse.
However, Ling Shuang was obviously not the case. The long-haired monsters wanted to fight with their lives!
"Alright, I'm kidding." Ling Shuang shrugged.
Hearing her words, the atmosphere eased up …
…
White fog flowed like milk in a huge depression.
Since the depression was born, the white fog had never dissipated. This place was called the Fog Pool.
Standing at the edge of the depression and looking down, one's gaze could only see three feet. It was impossible to see what was inside.
Some curious Outsiders and even Sempiternal realm experts had tried to enter the white mist to investigate. However, none of them had ever come out of the white mist alive.
For countless years, what was inside the crater remained an unsolved mystery.
If someone were to risk their life and jump into the pit, they would find that they could not control their body in the white fog. Their entire body would fall to the bottom of the valley like a stone. There was a layer of bright yellow gelatin there, like a huge piece of amber.
This soft gel could slowly absorb everything that was attached to it, and then digest it bit by bit.
The living beings who were lucky enough to see this scene could see all kinds of living beings in the "amber." Some of them had just had a part of them corroded, and most of them were just hard skeletons …
There was a circular cave in the middle of this huge piece of amber. The cave went all the way down, and there was a completely different world inside.
Inside the grotto-heaven, there were six circular stone platforms. On each platform, there was a square coffin.
At this moment, there were three women standing beside the first round stone platform. They were Yun Xiao, Qiong Xiao, and Bi Xiao.
They seemed to have maintained this posture for a long time. Their bodies seemed to be a little stiff, but there was no impatience on their faces. They just waited firmly and piously.
"Crack!"
The coffin on the circular stone platform made a sound. The thick coffin lid slowly lifted and moved to the side.
A bright yellow fog surged out of the coffin, and when it extended outside the coffin, it swiftly turned into a skeletal hand. With that skeletal hand as the foundation, flesh, blood, veins, and blood vessels swiftly formed, and soon, it became a complete hand.
As the hand slowly rose, a head, shoulders, and body were quickly formed. It was the Grandmaster of Heaven.
"Greetings, Sect Master!"
Yun Xiao, Qiong Xiao, and Bi Xiao bowed together.
The Grandmaster of Heaven looked at his arm with a sad expression. He said after a long time, "I'm not used to my new body."
"Didn't you say that the new body will be stronger?" Fairy Yun Xiao said with a smile.
As members of Jie School, they had never regretted following the Grandmaster of Heaven. Even if they had to sacrifice their lives, they would not hesitate.
"Yes." The Grandmaster of Heaven nodded. "They gave me three bodies, each stronger than the last. This second body is indeed extraordinary. I just need time to adapt."
"What about Mu Ling?" Bi Xiao blinked and asked.
"If I fought with Mu Ling in the past with this body, I would definitely win," the Grandmaster of Heaven replied.
"Then … what about Luo Zheng?" Qiong Xiao asked again. Although the Three Xiao Immortals respected the Grandmaster of Heaven, the Grandmaster of Heaven was not a strict person. Moreover, the three of them had followed him for so many years and were already treated as his confidantes. Therefore, the Three Xiao Immortals did not have any fear of facing the Grandmaster of Heaven.
Taboo.
"Luo Zheng."
At the mention of Luo Zheng, a sharp glint flashed across the Grandmaster of Heaven's eyes.
All these years, he had led the Wu Kong Clan to fight the Elemental Spirit Civilization. He did not expect to suffer such a huge setback because of a junior!
While he was asleep, the Grandmaster of Heaven kept reflecting. Now, his reaction was very calm.
"Li Shan is safe. He should have entered the 33 Heavens?" the Grandmaster of Heaven asked.
Qiong Xiao took a step forward and said, "The latest news is that he entered the Blazing Maple Forest."
"Why did he enter the territory of the He Meng Clan?" the Grandmaster of Heaven asked.
"It should be to save the replica of the Eastern Emperor Taiyi," Qiong Xiao said.
"Although the He Meng Clan has few people, Hei Meng is not someone he can defeat …"
The Grandmaster of Heaven was deducing when Qiong Xiao interrupted him. "Ku Hou and the others that Mu Ling planted in the Blazing Maple Forest were severely injured. Hei Meng was killed by Luo Zheng. It's said that even the Blazing Maple Forest lowered its head to Luo Zheng …"
Most of the time, the Three Xiao Immortals were in charge of collecting information. They were naturally very well-informed.
After hearing Qiong Xiao's series of reports, the Grandmaster of Heaven was stunned.
"That's why we're anxiously waiting for you to wake up. Now, only you can personally capture that kid," Fairy Yun Xiao said.
"Capture him?" The Grandmaster of Heaven pondered for a while. He actually smiled and shook his head. "Forget it."
"Why?"
The Three Xiao Immortals were puzzled.
"His next goal is probably to save the Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning," the Grandmaster of Heaven said. "This time, let Mu Ling try first. We'll wait and see."
Since Luo Zheng carried the Human Race's Weapon of Civilization, he definitely wanted to save the human heroes. This way, Luo Zheng would definitely have a conflict with the Elemental Spirit Civilization. The Wu Kong Clan naturally did not need to be so anxious. According to Qiong Xiao, Luo Zheng could even easily take down Hei Meng. This kid was probably enough to give Mu Ling a headache.

Chapter 3553
Luo Zheng's group continued north along the Blazing Maple Forest. Along the way, the maple leaves on both sides of the Blazing Maple Forest shone with green light, releasing gentle kindness.
After walking out of the Blazing Maple Forest, the branches even moved without wind, waving goodbye to Luo Zheng.
"Squeak, I'm sure you're the first one to receive this treatment," the Rat King said from the side.
The Rat King was dragging a small mountain-like package behind him. The outer layer of the package was sewn together with the skin of a tamed cat. It was inconvenient to use the Sumeru Ring in the Blazing Maple Forest, so they could only use more primitive means.
"I'm also sure that the Blazing Maple Forest hopes you never come back," Fuxi said.
Luo Zheng was probably one of the very few people who could walk out of the Blazing Maple Forest unscathed after using their energy.
There were some extreme exceptions, but the situation was different from Luo Zheng's.
Luo Zheng looked back at the Blazing Maple Forest and asked, "If we follow the Blazing Maple Forest all the way to the west and follow the Divine River upstream, can we enter the Shangqing Sky and Yuqing Sky?"
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, the Rat King smiled slightly. "Of course not!"
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Since the source of the Divine River flowed from Yuqing Sky, in theory, they could go to Yuqing Sky by following the Divine River. The Rat King pointed to the west. "If we keep going in this direction, we will indeed reach the Shangqing Sky, but that's only in theory. According to speculation, the Sanqing Sky was originally three independent worlds, but through an extremely precise spatial link.
This link connects the three worlds. "
"Then aren't there very few entrances? Similar to the Stargate and the Heavenly Path? "Luo Zheng asked again.
"No," Nuwa continued. "On the contrary, there are actually many entrances, but there are very few who can walk through them alive …"
Most of the Immortal Realm cultivators who entered the 33 Heavens stayed in the outermost Taiqing Sky, and only a few could enter the Shangqing Sky. It was obvious how difficult it was to successfully enter the Shangqing Sky.
"However, we already have a way to enter the Three Pure Heavens. You don't have to worry about that," Fuxi said as he opened a pouch on his waist. The Celestial Howling Dog came out from it. The Howling Celestial Hound's talent was to detect danger in the surroundings. In fact, it was sensing through a special energy field. This energy field would activate the maple leaves in the Blazing Maple Forest, and the Howling Celestial Hound was unable to "deactivate" its talent, so it entered the Blazing Maple Forest.
In front of the maple forest, he placed the Howling Celestial Dog into Fuxi's Spirit Beast Pouch.
This Spirit Beast Pouch was the same as the Sumeru Space. As long as it wasn't used in Blazing Maple Forest, it wouldn't activate the power of space.
Just as the Howling Celestial Dog was released, it turned around and roared twice at the Blaze Maple Forest.
"What is it?" Fuxi asked.
Luo Zheng had displayed his skills in the Blazing Maple Forest. Now, there shouldn't be anyone courting death who would dare to chase after him and look for trouble.
"Someone is following us," Xiao Tianquan said.
As soon as he said this,
Nuwa, Donghuang, Elder Ying, and the others narrowed their eyes.
Now that Luo Zheng had finally resolved the problem in Blazing Maple Forest, they had to deal with this package first. Then, they would find a secret place to leave the other side.
If they were being followed by someone with intentions, the situation would become complicated.
After all, it wasn't difficult to find a member of the Zhi race like Ku Hou. If they were dragged back to the other side from the Chaotic World, they would naturally be caught off guard.
"Let's lure them out of Blazing Maple Forest first," Nuwa said.
Then, the Heavenly Rat King hurriedly opened the package. Several Immortal Realm experts activated their Sumeru Spaces and stored the things in the package.
After dividing up everything, everyone continued to head north.
As they moved forward, the Heavenly Rat King kept bouncing lightly on the ground.
After walking for more than twenty miles, Luo Zheng and the others suddenly stopped. The Heavenly Rat King turned around and scolded, "Let's see how you can hide!"
As he spoke, he stretched out his hands and suddenly lifted them up.
Green pearls suddenly appeared on the ground in the distance. Those pearls all emitted a faint green light. Although the green light was dim, it illuminated everything within a radius of several miles.
And in this green light, two winged figures were outlined.
"Hmph!"
Without any hesitation, Luo Zheng stomped his feet.
The ground cracked, and Luo Zheng flew like a sharp arrow. His speed couldn't be any faster. His hands grabbed at the pair of figures like lightning.
But his hands easily passed through the pair of figures. His hands were empty!
Luo Zheng even heard the pair of figures sneered, as if mocking Luo Zheng's ignorance.
"Luo Zheng, come down. You can't hurt them," Donghuang said.
Luo Zheng frowned and could only slowly descend to the ground.
"Those are people of the Looming Shadow. They serve the Elemental Spirit civilization. Their true bodies aren't here," Nuwa said.
The people of the Looming Shadow weren't strong, but their race's natural ability was to release a shadow that was almost unaffected. So, they were excellent stalkers. When the Elemental Spirit civilization needed to follow certain special targets, they would send out the Looming Shadow.
"They don't plan to let us return to the other side smoothly," Elder Gall snorted.
"Can't get rid of them?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It's difficult," Nuwa shook her head.
"Can they enter the dark realm?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Nuwa immediately understood Luo Zheng's plan. She said, "The people of the Looming Shadow shouldn't be able to enter the dark realm. But the dark realm of Taiqing Heaven is in the northwest. I'm afraid …"
Since the Elemental Spirit civilization sent people of the Looming Shadow to follow them, they definitely wouldn't let them escape easily.
"Then let's try. Seniors, please come up first!"
Luo Zheng said and bowed. His current body was still seven or eight feet tall, with broad shoulders.
Fuxi, Nuwa, Donghuang, and the others understood Luo Zheng's meaning and jumped up one after another.
After waiting for them to settle down, Luo Zheng took a step forward and ran all the way north …
The two faint shadows in the sky never disappeared. They seemed to be completely isolated from this world, like the moon and the sun on the horizon, following Luo Zheng at a constant speed.
The scene that the two people of the Looming Shadow saw was projected on a huge ice surface.
On one side of the ice surface, there were three white spheres floating.
In the center of one of the white spheres, flames were constantly lingering. After a while, the head of a young girl appeared. It was Ah Huo.
When Ah Huo condensed and took shape, lightning surged in the white sphere beside her, outlining a burly human figure. That was the second of the three pillars of the Elemental Spirit civilization, Lei Sha.
"A human brat can defeat that guy from Tongtian, hehe …" Lei Sha laughed in a rough voice.
"My vision is not bad," Ah Huo said with a serious expression. "It's a pity that this person can't be used by us."
"So we can only kill him …"
This delicate voice came from the last white sphere. A strange-looking life form floated in that sphere.
It looked like an ice-cold armor, but there was a pair of long light wings floating behind it.
This was the last of the three pillars, Jie Yan.
Lei Sha and Ah Huo were both pure Elemental Spirit people, and their bodies were very simple.
But Jie Yan was different. It was actually formed by a large number of Elemental Spirit people, forming a world of its own inside, and its external appearance was controlled by the large number of Elemental Spirit people inside.

Chapter 3554
Previously, Lei Sha wanted to kill Luo Zheng directly but was rejected by Ah Huo.
Now that Ah Huo knew it was hopeless, he no longer tried to dissuade Lei Sha. "It's a pity that I can't leave now. Otherwise, I would definitely head to the Supreme Clear Sky and turn this brat into a piece of charcoal." Lei Sha said in a low muffled voice. As he spoke, several thin thunderbolts kept rubbing against each other.
His voice was filled with the sound of electricity.
"Are we just watching and not doing anything else?" Ah Huo asked.
The three of them were the three great pillars of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. Every once in a while, they would be strengthened by the Flash Spirit.
This was also the foundation for them to become stronger over the years.
At this juncture, they could not casually leave. But it was not suitable for them to go and kill Luo Zheng.
"Mu Ling has been uncontactable recently. She should have entered the Jade Clear Sky again. This is slightly troublesome …" Ah Huo frowned.
The moment she decided to kill Luo Zheng, she would not hesitate. After all, she did not truly pity Luo Zheng. Instead, she truly wanted to turn Luo Zheng into her own.
"Then let's let the outsiders from the Supreme Clear Sky act first." Jie Yan suddenly said.
"Outsiders …" Lei Sha had yet to react.
"Mark and reward." Ah Huo nodded.
Those two from Serene Shadow listened to Jie Yan's orders. And Jie Yan had once received orders from Mu Ling to form a good relationship with the outsiders from the Supreme Clear Sky.
Every race in the Three Clear Sky had their own unique divine abilities and powerful strength.
Ordinary Sempiternal realm experts would be treading on thin ice even in the outermost Supreme Clear Sky. Any outsider would be a fatal opponent.
But the Elemental Spirit Civilization had been rooted in the Three Clear Sky for so many years. Even though they could not subdue all the outsiders from the Supreme Clear Sky, they could form a good relationship with these outsiders and make them listen to their orders through exchange of benefits.
"Hua hua hua …"
Jie Yan's armored body suddenly opened both his hands. A white light spread out from his hands. At the same time, treasures started appearing one after another.
"It isn't easy to make those fellows listen obediently. Use the Subduing Devil Tendon? It seems too light. The Dead Sea Immortal Gem is too unpopular … "
One treasure after another flew out along with the white light.
Even Ah Huo and Lei Sha couldn't ignore the treasures that Jie Yan displayed.
Most of those things were gathered by Mu Ling, and Mu Ling would store a considerable amount of treasures on Jie Yan's body.
Jie Yan wasn't an individual. It could be thought of as a moving city. However, the city was filled with members of the Meta Spirit Tribe, and his current actions basically represented the decisions of the entire Meta Spirit Tribe in the city.
"Use this one …"
Inside the white light of Jie Yan's hands, there were some unremarkable, fine bones floating. Each piece was only the size of a thumb.
When Ah-Huo and Lei Sha saw these fine bones, their faces changed slightly.
"Bone Crusher Secret Soul?"
"It's too valuable. Will Mu Ling agree?"
The two of them actually understood that Jie Yan represented Yuan Ling civilization's Elder Council to a certain extent. Jie Yan's authority was also greater than Ah Huo and Lei Sha's. Generally, Mu Ling would agree with Jie Yan's decisions.
"That Luo Zheng is very strong. The other races in Tai Qing Heaven aren't fools. Only with great rewards can there be brave men," said Jie Yan.
Although Ah Huo and Lei Sha felt a little heartache, they could not interfere.
After Jie Yan made a decision, he generally wouldn't overturn it. He also wouldn't consider Ah Huo and Lei Sha's feelings.
"Buzz!"
As the white light in Jie Yan's hands flashed, he said to the ice surface, "Members of Hidden Shadow, listen to my orders."
"Yes," replied the member of Hidden Shadow in the ice surface.
"Mark Luo Zheng," ordered Jie Yan.
"Yes!"
The two members of Hidden Shadow extended their hands toward Luo Zheng at the same time.
"Buzz …"
Then, two red lights intersected. This red cross formed a distinct mark on Luo Zheng's back!
Luo Zheng ran while turning his head to glance at it. "What's this?"
"Hidden Shadow Mark!" Rat King Sheng blurted out.
"What's the use of it?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"The Hidden Shadow Mark will last for about five days after it appears. During this process, those other races will be able to find your location," continued Rat King Sheng.
Luo Zheng frowned. "Can it be removed?"
"No method can remove it …" Rat King Sheng shook his head.
The Hidden Shadow Mark was still very famous in Taiqing Heaven.
As long as the Hidden Shadow Mark appeared, the Elemental Spirit Civilization would definitely offer a huge reward. Almost all the other races would pay attention to this matter.
And the Hidden Shadow Mark would definitely not be removed within a few days. Even if one escaped from the other side, the mark would continue to follow.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others had also heard of this matter. This was the first time they saw it. Their expressions were not very good.
However, just as Rat King Sheng finished speaking, Luo Zheng's Origin God Blood fluctuated. The skin on his back split open into a bloody mouth. The Hidden Shadow Mark was just within the range of the mouth. This mouth opened and bit, directly swallowing the Hidden Shadow Mark.
"…"
Rat King Sheng looked at this scene in a daze.
"…"
Nuwa, Fuxi, Donghuang, and Elder Ying were also speechless.
The two members of Hidden Shadow floating in the air also looked at each other, completely unaware of what had happened.
"The Hidden Shadow Mark should be the same as the two members of Hidden Shadow. It belongs to an existence that cannot be touched. How did you swallow it …" Rat King Sheng could not help but ask.
"Since you can swallow the mark, then you should be able to get rid of the two shadows on it, right?" Nuwa also asked.
However, Luo Zheng revealed a trace of a bitter smile and shook his head. This Origin God Blood was like a nervous knife. It would sometimes come out and sometimes not. He was also unable to control it.
Beside the ice surface in Shangqing Sky, Jie Yan had already planned to distribute the Hidden Shadow Mark to many different clans. The disappearance of the mark at the crucial moment made him very angry.
"Members of Hidden Shadow, what are you doing?!" Jie Yan questioned.
"We, we … The Hidden Shadow Mark was eaten by that Luo Zheng!" The members of Hidden Shadow were very afraid of Jie Yan and stuttered as they answered.
"It was indeed eaten …"
"I also saw it."
Lei Sha and Ah Huo were staring at the ice surface motionlessly. When they saw the big mouth on Luo Zheng's back, they also had a baffled expression.
"We can mark the people around him!"
"Yes!"
The two members of Hidden Shadow did not wait for Jie Yan to give the order and once again used the Hidden Shadow Mark.
This time, they targeted Nuwa and Donghuang. The Hidden Shadow Mark appeared on their backs almost at the same time …
Seeing the mark appear again, Luo Zheng tried to help Nuwa and Donghuang remove it. However, the Origin God Blood looked as if it had nothing to do with it. It did not even move in the slightest. It was simply too lazy to care.
After the mark was completely formed, the white light in Jie Yan's hand began to spiral. At the same time, a circular white whirlpool also appeared on the ice surface on the ground. In the larger foreign tribes in Shangqing Sky, there was a huge ice surface. At the moment, there were white whirlpools rolling in the center of those ice surfaces.

Chapter 3555
The relationship between the aliens of Tai Qing Heaven and the Yuan Ling civilization was very subtle.
The Yuan Ling civilization was the earliest living being born in the chaos, and the first to conquer the other side was also the Yuan Ling civilization.
This civilization was older than most of the living beings in Tai Qing Heaven.
The alien races in Tai Qing Heaven had once fought fiercely with the Elemental Spirit Civilization. Some of the more powerful alien races won and retained their positions; some lost and chose to submit to the Elemental Spirit Civilization. Even more alien races were at odds with the Elemental Spirit Civilization.
They were at odds with each other.
However, as the Yuan Ling civilization grew stronger day by day, they began to march into Shangqing Heaven. Even after Yu Qing Heaven, the aliens of the outermost Tai Qing Heaven more or less wanted to curry favor with the Yuan Ling civilization.
Even the Blazing Maple Forest hoped to rely on the help of the Yuan Ling civilization to march into Shangqing Heaven …
The Yuan Ling civilization saw the needs of these aliens and distributed huge pieces of ice to them. If there was a need, they would post a reward through these "ice surfaces."
The Yuan Ling civilization used to post rewards for the Wu Kong Clan. However, the Wu Kong Clan grew very fast these years. When the aliens first hunted down the Wu Kong Clan, they thought that the Wu Kong Clan was a weakling that could be trampled on. However, after several hunts, these aliens were slaughtered by the Tongtian Sect Leader.
Jingjing …
From then on, the other races understood that the Wu Kong Clan was an existence just as troublesome as the Yuan Ling Civilization. There were very few other races that dared to act against the Wu Kong Clan. The Yuan Ling Civilization also rarely placed bounties on the ice surface that was distributed to the other tribes.
A burly bull-headed man walked to the ice surface and studied it for a while. Greed suddenly appeared in his bull-headed eyes. "Bone Crusher Secret Soul!" Although the Yuan Ling civilization had always been generous, and the treasures they posted each time were extremely rare, this Bone Crusher Secret Soul was not an ordinary item. If they accumulated enough Bone Crusher Secret Souls, it was enough for them to expand their tribe again.
Then they could ascend to Shangqing Heaven!
When the bull-headed man next to him heard the words "Bone Crusher Secret Soul," shock appeared in his bull-headed eyes. "Jie Yan is willing to post a reward for the Bone Crusher Secret Soul. The target must be extraordinary …"
"It's just a few Immortal Realm humans!" the bull-headed man in front of the mirror replied.
In the eyes of the non-humans, the strength of these Undying Realm humans wasn't even worth mentioning. The non-humans of Clear Sky only feared the Yuan Ling civilization and the Wu Kong Clan.
The bull-headed man behind him seemed to be more cautious. "It's just a few Sempiternal realm humans. There's no need to make such a big fuss. This matter isn't simple …"
"Of course not." The bull-headed man in front of the mirror turned around and said, "One of the humans just killed Hei Meng in the Blazing Maple Forest and escaped unscathed. This person is the most important target..."
"It's the group that killed Hei Meng …"
Not far away, several bull-headed people were shocked.
The news of Hei Meng's death was too shocking. It had already spread like wildfire in Grand Clarity Heaven through various channels. The bull-headed man was not too far away from Blazing Maple Forest, so he knew immediately.
The bull-headed man in front of Ice felt the fear of his clansmen and asked, "The He Meng clansmen in the Blazing Maple Forest are very strong, but they are not worth mentioning outside the Blazing Maple Forest. Even if that guy is strong, he is only strong in his physical body. What are you afraid of?"
"You're right! Hei Meng also relied on the Blazing Maple Forest to be powerful, otherwise he would have been wiped out by the Elemental Spirit Civilization long ago! "Another bull-headed man echoed.
"The prey has been marked!"
"The other foreign races will also receive this bounty!"
"We have to speed up..."
The group of bull-headed people boiled with excitement.
The same scene was happening in various foreign tribes in Grand Clarity Heaven.
The people of Hidden Shadow had already left marks on the backs of Nuwa and Donghuang. The group of humans seemed to be moving forward with candles in the night, and the foreign races were chasing them in all directions.
...
"Whoosh..."
Luo Zheng maintained a height of about ten feet from the ground and was moving at an extremely fast speed.
According to Nuwa's guidance, he would be able to find the key entrance after going north and then west.
There were many entrances from Grand Clarity Heaven to Grand Clarity Heaven, and each entrance was cleverly designed and extremely dangerous.
Almost every foreign race that could enter Grand Clarity Heaven and the Immortal Realm had their own unique methods.
"Those two guys are really annoying, squeak..." The Heaven Winning Rat King looked back at the two people of Hidden Shadow in the sky.
Luo Zheng was fast, but the people of Hidden Shadow were fast. Luo Zheng was slow, but the people of Hidden Shadow were slow as well. In short, there was no way to shake them off.
"Woof... woof, woof!"
The Heavenly Divinatory Hound beside Fuxi suddenly barked and shouted, "Danger ahead..."
The Heavenly Divinatory Hound was warning Luo Zheng based on its intuition, but it didn't know what kind of danger it was.
Luo Zheng stared ahead. After a breath's time, a light green arrow shot toward him!
This long arrow flew towards him at an extremely fast speed.
However, Luo Zheng was prepared. He pulled his body up slightly, and the arrow brushed past Luo Zheng.
"There are more!" The Heavenly Divinatory Hound continued.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh..."
More and more arrows flew toward Luo Zheng like shining green stars in the sky. They were like flowers scattered by fairies, densely packed and without any pattern.
"Who shot these arrows? I can't see where they are?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"It's the arrow essence demons!" The Heavenly Rat King replied, "Their arrows are very special. They can cross a long distance. Usually, these arrow essence demons need to lock on with their eyes, but now they have the mark of the people of Hidden Shadow, so they only need to follow the mark.
They can shoot arrows, so they can attack outside their vision... "
As the Heavenly Rat King said, all the arrows were aimed at Nuwa and Donghuang. Because the arrow essence demons didn't see Luo Zheng, they shot the arrows according to the mark shared by Jie Yan.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh... Kacha kacha kacha..."
Luo Zheng tried his best to dodge the arrows that he could. If he couldn't, he used his thick arms to block the arrows and sweep them down.
However, the arrows that were swept down seemed to have souls. They bounced up from the ground and shot toward Nuwa and Donghuang again.
In this situation, Luo Zheng could only reach out and crush these arrows.
Nuwa and Donghuang also knew that these arrows were aimed at them, so they also used their magical powers. Nuwa was shrouded in a thick layer of crimson Nuwa Shadow, while Donghuang was surrounded by a glittering golden sword.
This protective golden sword seemed to move slowly, but once an arrow got close, the golden sword would fly over and cut the arrow in half.
Although the arrow essence demons shot out a lot of arrows, only a few of them could get close to Nuwa and Donghuang.
Luo Zheng flew at a low altitude, facing the rain of arrows, but his speed didn't slow down at all.
Please remember the domain name of this book:. Nine Heavens Divine Emperor Mobile Edition Website:

Chapter 3556
About a hundred miles away from Luo Zheng, there were strange creatures hanging from vines.
The lower half of their bodies were like half of a gourd, while the upper half had bones that curved upwards. From the ends of the bones, there was a shining golden mane.
The bones were the bow frame, and the mane was the bowstring. These short creatures were the Arrowhead Essence Demons.
At this moment, they were taking out long green arrows and shooting them out without any hesitation.
The vines beside the Arrowhead Essence Demon leader had already borne a huge fruit. This fruit looked exactly like an eyeball, with a pupil and a sclera. This vine with an eye was called the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine.
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine could bear a fruit that looked like an eye. Its eyesight was extremely strong, and it could see tens of thousands of miles away.
The Victorious Sky Rat King said that the Arrowhead Essence Demons used the Shadow Imprint to lock onto them, but he was only half right. The Arrowhead Essence Demons really relied on this eyeball. After finding Luo Zheng's group through the Shadow Imprint, they could directly see Luo Zheng's group.
All the other Arrowhead Essence Demons were telepathically connected. They could attack according to what their leader saw.
The relationship between the Arrowhead Essence Demons and the Heaven's Eye Vines was similar to the relationship between the He Meng Tribe and the Blazing Maple Forest. They were all associated races.
"What a strong body. The Green Willow Arrows had no effect. No wonder this person could kill Hei Meng …"
The Arrowhead Essence Demon leader could see that Luo Zheng was moving at high speed. Round after round of arrows were shot out, but it did not slow him down at all.
The leader's heart sank. He immediately ordered, "Change the arrows. Black Jade Bone Arrows!"
Hearing the leader's order, all the Arrowhead Essence Demons' hearts sank. However, they still turned around. A black hard bone gradually extended from their gourd-like bodies. They actually forcefully pulled out this hard bone!
The process of pulling out the hard bone was extremely painful. Blood spurted out, and some of the Arrowhead Essence Demons could not help but cry out.
When the hard bone was pulled out, there were traces of black gas lingering around it. Then, they used the hard bone to string the bowstring. These bones were actually the Black Jade Bone Arrows that their leader had mentioned!
Every Arrowhead Essence Demon would grow six Black Jade Bones in their lifetime. These Black Jade Bones would not regenerate. If all six Black Jade Bones were pulled out, their lives would also wither.
In other words, they were using their lives to shoot out the Black Domain Bone Arrows!
Normally, Arrow Sprites would only use the Black Jade Bone Arrow when facing a mortal enemy. For example, when their clan's mortal enemy, the Sky Stork, attacked, Arrow Sprites would not hesitate to use it.
However, the temptation of Jie Yan's bounty for the "Secret Soul of Broken Bones" was too great, and the target happened to be passing through the territory of the Arrow Cluster Sprites. Of course, they were unwilling to let it go.
Under the leader's guidance, all the Black Jade Bone Arrows turned into a rain of swords.
At the same time the black jade bone arrow was shot, the leader of the arrowheads suddenly let out a long howl!
"Shh —"
Amidst this long whistle, all of the black jade bone arrows strangely stopped in the air.
"Feng, Feng, Feng …"
A strange shadow began to appear above the black jade bone arrow.
It was a strange beast head with green skin and fangs. It looked ferocious.
The arrow-headed demons possessed the unique bloodline of the "Winged Ghost". When the black jade arrow was fired, the leader also activated their bloodline ability.
"Whoosh —"
As the leader's voice became shrill, the long arrows with the heads of the "Winged Ghosts" let out wails and flew toward Luo Zheng's group a hundred miles away …
When the arrow-headed demons changed the Black Jade Bone Arrow, the green arrow rain on Luo Zheng's side naturally stopped.
However, Luo Zheng did not slow down at all. He was shot by the Arrow Cluster Sprites. He did not intend to let these guys go!
"The arrow-headed demons only shot three rounds before stopping?" Donghuang asked suspiciously.
"This is not in line with their way of doing things …" Elder Gall shook his head.
"The arrow-headed demons are not a powerful clan in Taiqing Heaven. The reason why they have a place is that they have a very powerful arrow. It is said that this arrow can only be shot by consuming their life force …"
Just as Nuwa was speaking, the Heavenly Hound of Trigram roared fiercely again.
Previously, the Heavenly Hound of Trigram would immediately warn when facing all kinds of dangers, but it was far less intense than this time.
Then, Luo Zheng saw a large group of black dots floating in the distance. They were heads with sharp teeth.
"Be careful, Luo Zheng. It's the Black Jade Bone Arrow."
This warning came from the Primeval Lord of Heaven in his mind.
Although Elder Gall, Nuwa, and Fuxi had heard of the arrow-headed demons, they had never provoked this clan. They did not have a deep understanding of the Black Jade Bone Arrow. Even Nuwa had only heard of it.
"Are these bone arrows very powerful?" Luo Zheng asked.
"They are arrows shot at the cost of one's life. They can directly consume the opponent's life force. This is the same as Ji's Purple Rain of Decay," the Primeval Lord of Heaven continued to explain.
There was a great ability in the Truth of Life called the Purple Rain of Decay. When this rain fell, it could corrode all the life in several large regions. It was a great killing weapon for harvesting lives.
In this battle at Li Mountain, Ji basically faced experts at the Immortal Realm. Their life force was extremely vigorous, so they naturally did not fear the corrosion of mere raindrops.
However, the Black Jade Bone Arrow was different. On one hand, it was more powerful than the Purple Rain of Decay. On the other hand, it was not scattered like the Purple Rain of Decay. It was enough to devour a single target.
In the process of understanding, the Black Jade Bone Arrow at the front had already shot over. Its target was Nuwa.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate. His right hand grabbed the Black Jade Bone Arrow at lightning speed.
With this grab, the powerful force crushed the bone arrow. However, the head of the Feathered Ghost attached to the bone arrow bit over, leaving a shallow mark on Luo Zheng's arm.
"Whoosh …"
Then, the head of the Feathered Ghost disappeared. At the same time, Luo Zheng felt a slight chill in his body. It was as if something had disappeared with the head of the Feathered Ghost.
It was the life force …
Luo Zheng instantly understood.
"Luo Zheng, are you alright?" Nuwa sharply sensed that this bone arrow was not simple.
"I'm fine!"
Luo Zheng relied on his vigorous life force and did not hesitate too much.
Facing the dense Black Jade Bone Arrows, his arms, which were as long as three feet and as wide as a wooden barrel, waved like two doors.
These Black Jade Bone Arrows also had a certain level of consciousness. Their target was still Nuwa and Donghuang on Luo Zheng's shoulder. However, once the body of the bone arrow was destroyed, the head of the Feathered Ghost could only attack from close range.
Luo Zheng swept over and destroyed dozens of bone arrows. Those Feathered Ghost heads bit Luo Zheng's arm.
Every time a Feathered Ghost head disappeared, Luo Zheng felt his body turn cold. It was as if a part of his life force had been taken away.
In the beginning, Luo Zheng did not change much. However, as Luo Zheng destroyed more and more bone arrows, his body finally showed signs of decline.

Chapter 3557
"Luo Zheng, why are you doing this?"
Elder Gall was the first to notice the abnormality in Luo Zheng's body.
Existences like them had an unlimited lifespan. As long as there was no external intervention, they would be immortal.
Elder Gall maintained his old appearance, while Donghuang appeared as a middle-aged man for the sake of leading the Heavenly Palace.
The inexplicable change in Luo Zheng's body was obviously due to the black jade bone arrows …
"These bone arrows are devouring his life …" Nuwa said with a frown.
Luo Zheng's life force was being devoured. His speed, strength, and reflexes continued to decline.
Whoosh —
The four black jade bone arrows found a gap and went through Luo Zheng's hands, heading straight for Donghuang.
Donghuang sat cross-legged and pointed his finger. The protective golden sword immediately circled over and slashed at the black jade bone arrows.
"Crack!"
The black jade bone arrows were accurately cut off, but the feathered ghosts attached to the four arrows bit at Donghuang. It was almost unavoidable.
The feathered ghosts disappeared after biting Empress Dong. Donghuang turned from a middle-aged man with a jade-like face into a white-haired old man in an instant. Even his breath was weak, and he could die at any time.
"This …"
"The four black jade bone arrows are so powerful?"
"Luo Zheng was hit by so many arrows …"
Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others saw Luo Zheng take two to three hundred arrows. They thought that although the black jade bone arrows were powerful, they were not as terrifying as the legends said.
They did not expect Donghuang to be on the verge of death after taking only one arrow!
How strong was Luo Zheng's life force?
"Luo Zheng, let's retreat from the Nirvana Realm first! Squeak! "Sky Conquering Rat King said excitedly.
"The bone arrows are endless. I'm afraid they will kill us," Nuwa also advised. Previously, everyone insisted on not leaving the Nirvana Realm because they were "marked." Even if they left the Nirvana Realm temporarily, there was a risk of being pulled back to the Nirvana Realm. Under the situation where the enemy was waiting for them, leaving the Nirvana Realm was a more dangerous choice.
Choice.
But now, facing the black jade bone arrows, they would die if they did not leave the Nirvana Realm …
Even the Primeval Lord of Heaven advised, "Let's retreat first. It's unrealistic to pin our hopes on our own bloodline."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng nodded silently.
Then, the Heavenly Hound of Trigram nimbly dove into Fuxi's Spirit Beast Pouch. Everyone chanted the spell to break the illusion and left the Nirvana Realm.
Actually, it was a piece of cake for the Origin God Blood to replenish his life force.
However, his bloodline was not under his control, and the Origin Divine Blood would sometimes not work, completely depending on his mood. Right now, he had no choice but to retreat.
Everyone returned to Mount Li once again. The white-haired Donghuang could no longer hold on and fell to the ground with a thud.
His life force had been severely overdrawn, and he was on the verge of death.
Nuwa reached out and gently waved her hand. A dark green pill appeared at the tip of her finger. It immediately turned into a beam of green light and entered Donghuang's body.
"Quickly call Ji over!" Nuwa hurriedly said.
Fuxi didn't delay at all, and his figure flashed and teleported away.
After a short while, Ji's huge body suddenly appeared in the sky. It was glowing with green light like a green sun.
"Buzz buzz!"
Two beams of green light shot out from its left and right pincers.
After a short while, Donghuang's aura gradually became thicker. His originally white hair quickly turned black, and he regained his vitality.
"Thank you, Ancient God Ji." Donghuang cupped his hands towards the sky.
Ji didn't reply. Instead, it turned and shot two beams of green light at Luo Zheng.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The beams of light shone for a while, but Luo Zheng's body didn't change much.
Ji's eyes narrowed slightly, and he immediately understood.
It wasn't that his Truth of Life wasn't effective. It was just that Luo Zheng had consumed too much of his life force. His body was like a bottomless abyss, and it wasn't easy to fill it up.
Ji naturally wouldn't give up. More life force continuously poured into Luo Zheng's body …
…
On the Nirvana Realm.
Those black jade bone arrows didn't fall after they couldn't find their target. Instead, the feathered ghosts dragged the arrows and circled the place where Luo Zheng's group disappeared.
The arrow demons weren't surprised by the sudden disappearance of Luo Zheng's group. These Immortal Realm experts from the Chaotic World would usually use this move when they were in danger.
To deal with them, the Nirvana Realm creatures often prepared Soul-Avoiding Water. However, this time, it was too sudden, so the arrow demons didn't have the chance to apply the Soul-Avoiding Water on them.
"Cha cha cha cha …"
Those green Heaven's Eye Rock Vines had many arrow demons hanging on them. They threaded their way through the ground and moved forward at a surprisingly fast speed.
The arrow demons almost didn't have the ability to move. They relied on the Heaven's Eye Rock Vines to move.
Soon, the arrow demons arrived at the place where Luo Zheng's group disappeared. Then, the vines of the Heaven's Eye Rock Vines grew crazily and surrounded the place where Luo Zheng's group retreated to the Nirvana Realm.
At the same time, the arrow demons' leader said to the hill not far away, "Stop hiding. The Refraction Spell is just a child's play. How can you avoid the Heaven's Eye?"
Behind the hill not far away, a distorted space suddenly moved slowly. As the distorted space gradually recovered, three people appeared. They looked almost the same as Terror Roar. They were three Zhi people!
"Quack quack …"
As soon as the three Zhi people appeared, all the arrow demons had already loaded their arrows and aimed at them.
"We're not looking for trouble." The leading Zhi person raised his hand in surrender. At the same time, he said, "You've already caught the target of the bounty, right?"
"This has nothing to do with you Zhi people," the arrow demons replied coldly.
There were still dozens of black jade bone arrows circling in the sky. Below them was a thorny cage made by the Heaven's Eye Rock Vines. The arrow demons really thought that Luo Zheng's group was in their bag.
"But you're still one step away." The Zhi person made a grabbing gesture in the air. "They're outside the other side. We'll catch them and bring them back. We'll only take one-third of the Bone Fragment Secret Soul."
How could the arrow demons' leader be happy? He replied in a cold tone, "Do you think only you Zhi people can do it?" The Zhi person laughed and said, "You can ask the Gou Yue people to come, but that Luo Zheng is no ordinary Immortal. His body is even stronger than Black Dream's. Our Zhi people can't last more than one round in front of him. His life force is so strong.
His recovery speed must be amazing. It won't be long before he recovers his life force. I wonder if you have the confidence to deal with him? "
The arrow demons' leader fell silent …
He had used so many black jade bone arrows to force Luo Zheng to the end of his rope. It would be a pity if they failed like the Zhi person said.
"One-fifth," the arrow demons' leader said.
"One-fourth," the Zhi person replied.
"Deal!" As soon as the arrow demons' leader finished speaking, the thorny vines that formed the prison moved and opened a path.

Chapter 3558
The leader of the arrow group stood at the top of the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine and narrowed his eyes at the Gui people.
Those Black Jade Bone Arrows were like vultures, and their circling speed increased by a few notches.
The arrow group didn't want to share the "Bone Fragment Secret Soul" with the Gui people. They just needed to wait for the Gui people to capture the target and then all the black jade bone arrows would fall.
Under the cover of the black jade bone arrows, the target and the Gui people would die!
The arrow group and the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine had been together for so long. They didn't just rely on powerful archery, they were also vicious.
But after the three Gui people entered the center, they didn't immediately attack. The leading Gui person suddenly raised his head and said, "The three of us just swallowed the Divine Glass Fire Essence."
When he said this, the arrow group leader and the other arrow group stilled.
"Don't worry, as long as nothing unexpected happens, it won't explode," the Gui person added.
The arrow group and Heaven's Eye Rock Vine feared the Divine Glass Fire Essence the most, especially at this distance. If they really killed the three Gui people, the Divine Glass Fire Essence would explode and destroy them.
After the Gui person conveyed the message, the three started to look carefully.
The three Gui people knew that even though the mark of the Yuan Ling civilization was on East Emperor and Nuwa, their true target was still that colossus of the human race.
Orange light flashed in their palms and they grabbed at Luo Zheng's shadow at the same time!
In Li Mountain.
"Ji" was still focused on pouring life force into Luo Zheng.
As the ancient god that controlled the truth of life, his life force was the strongest. He could draw it almost endlessly through his bloodline.
Even so, in order to fill up Luo Zheng's empty life force, he used up a lot of energy.
Luo Zheng's body recovered from an old man to a middle-aged man and then gradually turned into a youth. His life force was replenished by about eighty to ninety percent. But in the process of replenishing life force, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly closed and he fell to the ground.
"What happened?"
"Why did he faint?"
"He was pulled to the other side." Nuwa's mind turned the fastest.
"We go in now?" Anger flashed through Fuxi's eyes.
"Wait a moment." Nuwa shook her head.
They had clearly seen the situation when they had just left the Nirvana Realm. The arrow spirit would not let them go. If they returned to the Nirvana Realm, not only would they not be able to help, but they would also cause more trouble for Luo Zheng.
Within Grand Pure Heaven …
When the three Gui people saw that Luo Zheng had almost recovered to his original state, they were all stunned.
The Arrow Essence Devils and the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine were also astonished!
The amount of life force Luo Zheng had consumed was an astronomical figure. So much life force had been consumed, only to be replenished in an instant. This kind of thing was hard for them to accept.
Luo Zheng looked at the three people of the Gui Clan as he revealed a helpless smile, "It seems that you people of the Gui Clan don't learn from your mistakes. You always take in those who don't know how to behave …"
"Go!"
"Retreat!"
"Retreat!"
The three dark-kind warriors realized that the situation was not good, so they quickly stepped back.
How could Luo Zheng let them off?
He stomped his foot and rushed forward like a bull, pressing the last dark-kind warrior to the ground.
The two dark-kind warriors in front felt lucky. They thought that Luo Zheng would need time to kill their companions. As long as they had a little bit of time, they would be able to save their lives!
However, when they glanced back, they were scared out of their wits.
After Luo Zheng pressed the dark-kind warrior to the ground, he directly stomped on the dark-kind warrior's head. At the same time, he sprinted forward. The action of killing the dark-kind warrior was done in one go. It did not slow him down at all!
"Boom! Boom! "
Luo Zheng, who was rushing forward, drew a curved arc in the air. His palm was like a knife as it cut the heads of the two dark-kind warriors. The remaining two dark-kind warriors froze on the spot as fear appeared on their faces.
"Sha sha sha …"
While Luo Zheng was killing the dark-kind warriors, the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine dragged the Arrow Essence Devils and quickly escaped.
"These dark-kind warriors are liars. They did not swallow the Divine Glass Fire Essence!" The leader of the Arrow Essence Devils roared angrily.
On one hand, they were running away to distance themselves from Luo Zheng. On the other hand, they were afraid that the dark-kind warriors would die and the Divine Glass Fire Essence would explode. In the end, the three dark-kind warriors died, but the Divine Glass Fire Essence did not appear …
"In that case …" The leader of the Arrow Essence Devils let out a long howl.
The seventy to eighty black jade bone arrows that were originally hovering in the air shot down at Luo Zheng.
At the same time, thorny vines broke out from the ground under Luo Zheng's feet and wrapped around Luo Zheng layer by layer.
"Da da da …"
Those black jade bone arrows could not penetrate Luo Zheng's skin. The arrowheads were blunt, but the feathered ghosts on the arrows kept drilling into Luo Zheng's body.
"Everyone, please contribute your black jade bones!"
The Arrow Essence Devils did not have many black jade bones left, but they had no other choice. Even if they had to risk their lives, they had to take down Luo Zheng. Otherwise, they would not be able to escape death.
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine also understood this point. It kept extending its thorny vines, wrapping around Luo Zheng layer by layer.
Although these thorny vines wrapped around Luo Zheng like a dumpling, his body only shook slightly, and all the thorns broke. His hands twisted fiercely towards the center, and the vines broke inch by inch …
Just as he tore apart these vines, more black jade bone arrows fell like raindrops.
The Arrow Essence Devils were really risking their lives. Some Arrow Essence Devils would die after pulling out their last black jade bone, but they still gave their black jade bones to their companions to shoot. They were using their own lives to exchange for Luo Zheng's life, so from time to time …
Some Arrow Demons pulled out the Black Jade Bone and fell to the ground.
The large number of black jade bone arrows also had an effect. Luo Zheng's body was aging at a speed visible to the naked eye.
However, everyone on Li Mountain could also see this scene. "Ji" extended his pair of pincers again, continuously replenishing Luo Zheng's life force.
While consuming, he was replenishing …
The Arrow Essence Devils consumed their life force, while "Ji" only consumed the power of truth of life …
Luo Zheng withstood the rain of arrows and flew onto the nearest vine. He grabbed the vine with both hands and shook it fiercely. The Arrow Essence Devils that were not large in size all fell to the ground. Then, Luo Zheng closed in and used a finger to shatter them.
These Arrow Essence Devils were not only able to shoot fatal arrows, but their combat strength was extremely weak.
Luo Zheng followed the thick Heaven's Eye Rock Vine all the way to the top and arrived in front of the Arrow Essence Devil leader.
"You, your life force, why is it inexhaustible, inexhaustible …" the Arrow Essence Devil leader asked with a trembling voice.
During this period of time, Luo Zheng had been hit by four to five hundred black jade bone arrows, but he looked like he was fine. This was impossible. The Arrow Essence Devil leader looked at Luo Zheng in despair.

Chapter 3559
Luo Zheng looked at the leader of the Arrow Demons indifferently. His right hand struck out like lightning.
The leader didn't even have time to beg for mercy before he was smashed into a bloody mist by Luo Zheng.
The leader of the Arrow Demons was dead, but the Heaven's Eye Vine's eyeball was still floating to the side.
"Can you talk?" Luo Zheng stared at the eyeball and asked.
The eyeball just floated to the side, as if it was dead. The previously active vine was also motionless.
"If you want to play dead, then go die," Luo Zheng clenched his fists.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to burst the eyeball, a purple vine as thick as a little finger suddenly grew out. When the purple vine touched Luo Zheng, it transmitted a message to Luo Zheng, "I can talk. Don't … don't hurt me!"
The voice was an imitation of a human woman. It sounded very weak. The Heaven's Eye Vine had a strong desire to live.
"You wanted to take our lives just now, and now you're asking me not to hurt you?" Luo Zheng asked.
The situation in Sanqing Heaven was extremely chaotic. Even the Elemental Spirit Civilization hadn't established any rules here. Even though the creatures of these races were extremely intelligent, they were still trapped in the law of the jungle.
"Those Arrow Demons wanted to kill you. Those damned Arrow Demons kept enslaving me. I had no choice …" The Heaven's Eye Vine transmitted a message to Luo Zheng, pretending to be innocent.
"I understand. May I ask how they enslaved you?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The Heaven's Eye Vine's large eyeball clearly trembled. Of course it didn't want to be enslaved by Luo Zheng. It just wanted to let itself go.
"Speak," Luo Zheng forced.
Seeing that it couldn't fool Luo Zheng, a vine grew out of the Heaven's Eye Vine's eyeball. This vine automatically peeled off from the middle, and a small tender bud appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
"This bud is the source of my life …" the Heaven's Eye Vine said.
Even though it was a plant, it knew how to read people's expressions. If it showed any reluctance, this human would probably kill it directly.
In order to survive, how could it dare to hide anything?
After Luo Zheng touched the source of life, he could feel the vigorous life force of the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine. Even the memories of the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine were transmitted clearly. This small sprout indeed controlled the life and death of the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine.
After collecting this bud, Luo Zheng directly left the Nirvana Realm.
The people on Li Mountain were still worried. Ji was on standby at the side.
Once Luo Zheng's life force was consumed, "Ji" would quickly replenish it.
However, during this time, Luo Zheng's body didn't have any abnormalities. Everyone was waiting quietly.
Although Luo Zheng's strength was there for all to see, the Nirvana Realm living beings of the Three Pure Heavens had different methods. Other than eliminating the power of life, they also had other methods. The people of Li Mountain were still a little worried.
Fortunately, Luo Zheng didn't make them wait for too long. After a while, Luo Zheng suddenly woke up.
"How is it?" Fuxi asked first.
"It's been taken care of," Luo Zheng answered casually.
Everyone had a stern look on their faces.
The Arrow Demons were guarding the Nirvana Realm. Those fatal black jade bone arrows had yet to disperse.
Luo Zheng was forcefully pulled into the Nirvana Realm. It was probably done by the Gui Clan or other Mutated Tribes. This wasn't something that could be easily taken care of.
"Have all the Mutated Tribes been taken care of?" Nuwa asked.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "That should be the case. However, there's still one thing that hasn't been taken care of. Seniors, you'll know when you come in."
After that, Luo Zheng returned to the Nirvana Realm. Then, Nuwa, Rat King Sheng Tian, and the other Immortal Realm cultivators also returned.
When they saw the winding Heaven's Eye Rock Vine, they were all alert. The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine and the Arrow Demons were companion creatures. Although they weren't strong, it was still quite troublesome to take care of …
"Whoosh …"
After the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine's "head" coiled, it extended to Nuwa and Fuxi. Then, Luo Zheng flipped out from the side of the thick vine. At the same time, he said, "Seniors, please come up."
"Come up?" Elder Ying's expression was strange.
Nuwa didn't doubt him. She tipped her toes and stood firmly on the vine. "I heard that the Arrow Demons are all blind. Their successful archery skills rely on the Heaven's Eye of the Heaven's Eye. Today is the first time I've seen this eye."
The Arrow Demons were extremely violent. Usually, no one could get close to them. Therefore, even Nuwa knew very little about them.
After everyone stood on the vine, Luo Zheng used the big eye to scan the surroundings.
The Heaven's Eye's eyesight was very strong. It could see everything within 10,000 miles.
On the side of the Blazing Maple Forest, flying snakes with transparent wings were skimming across the ground. Judging from the direction, they were coming straight for him …
On the southwest side, dozens of bull-headed men with golden axes on their shoulders were steadily advancing toward them.
Northwest …
Under this observation, Luo Zheng's expression became serious. He even saw the only two surviving Nightmare Demon Kings in the Nightmare Demon Impasse.
The foreign races of the Clear Sky Heaven were not easy to deal with. They each had extraordinary abilities. Just dealing with the Arrow Demons took a lot of effort. If they were surrounded by these foreign races, the situation would not be optimistic.
"Go north!"
Luo Zheng ordered the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine.
Although the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was only a plant, its speed was surprisingly fast.
Previously, it was hundreds of miles away from Luo Zheng. Carrying a group of Arrow Demons, it rushed over in a short time.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine didn't dare to neglect Luo Zheng's order. It only sent a message to Luo Zheng, telling Luo Zheng and the others to keep watch.
Then the ground began to rumble and tremble. The thick vine drilled into the ground like a python and quickly moved north.
No matter how fast the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was, it couldn't shake off the watchers in the sky. The two Shadow Demons were still floating in the sky at a very stable speed, closely following it.
Ah Huo, Lei Sha, and Jie Yan, the three members of the Essence Spirit Race, naturally saw what had just happened.
"It's meaningless to send these trash," Lei Sha said disdainfully.
"Not necessarily," Ah Huo shook his head and said. "The Arrow Demons are still very strong. If it weren't for the ancient god in charge of the truth of life standing behind Luo Zheng, I'm afraid they would have already …"
Ah Huo originally wanted to say that the odds were against them, but after thinking about it, he felt that it was wrong.
Luo Zheng's bloodline was too strange. Every time he was pushed to the limit, something unexpected would always happen.
Jie Yan, who had been silently watching Luo Zheng on the ice, suddenly said, "If they keep going north, they're planning to enter the Clear Sky Heaven through the Wailing Path."
He reached out and lightly pointed at the ice. The outline of a map appeared on the ice.
"The Wailing Path!"
"Now that you mention it, it's indeed possible."
Both Lei Sha and Ah Huo were very surprised. There were many paths leading to the Clear Sky Heaven, and the Essence Spirit civilization could smoothly pass through as many as thirteen paths. The Wailing Path wasn't one of them. This path wasn't easy.

Chapter 3560
Every living being who could enter the Shangqing Heavens had their own unique methods.
It wasn't strange that Fuxi and Nuwa had methods that even the Elemental Spirit civilization didn't have.
Jie Yan stretched out his hand and drew in the air again, marking out an area in the north of Shangqing Heaven. He then said, "Since they're going to the north, they'll definitely pass through here."
Ah Huo looked over. "The Yakong tribe's territory."
"What do you mean?" Lei Sha asked.
"Send someone to scare the Yakong tribe and this area will be completely sealed," Jie Yan said unhurriedly. "Once the Yakong tribe seals this space, there'll only be one path to the north, the Purple Wind Stream Gorge."
Hearing Jie Yan's words, Ah Huo tilted his head and calculated in his heart. He then said, "The wind is about to rise in the Purple Wind Stream Gorge?"
"Yes," Jie Yan still said with an emotionless voice. "Yes, ninety-nine days make up a ten-day period. After this ten-day period, the wind will start to rise again."
"If the wind rises, they'll be blocked in the Purple Wind Stream Gorge. Although Luo Zheng is powerful, he'll probably be in a bad situation when faced with the siege of so many different races in Shangqing Heaven!" Ah Huo's eyes gradually lit up.
"Hahahaha …" Jie Yan laughed.
"Even if you're proud, please don't laugh so creepily, okay?" Lei Sha couldn't bear it any longer.
Jie Yan wasn't an individual, but the Elemental Spirit people used him to express their feelings, making Lei Sha feel very tormented.
…
There was a wide passage on the lower left side of Mount Shuang Ji.
This passage connected to the north of Shangqing Heaven and was called the Silent Plank Road by the different races.
The Silent Plank Road was very safe. As long as one followed the rules here, they wouldn't be attacked and wouldn't be in any danger.
However, just like the name of the Silent Plank Road, one had to maintain absolute silence and not make any noise when passing through it.
Silence was the biggest rule here.
Some fist-sized creatures floated on the Silent Plank Road. These creatures were shaped like jellyfish and looked like cotton wool, light as if they were weightless. They floated in every corner of the Silent Plank Road all day long.
These white flock-like creatures were the Yakong tribe.
The Yakong tribe had extremely low intelligence. They ate space and never contacted the outside world. It was also very difficult for the outside world to capture or interfere with them.
Some people even claimed that the Yakong Tribe was not a living creature. They were just another form of space.
The biggest weakness of the Yakong Tribe was that they were timid. Once they were alerted by loud noises, they would transform from their cotton-like form to their spatial form.
Their space form was not so cute. That special space form squeezed together and crushed many aliens into mud. Only a few people could walk out of the Silent Plank Road alive after enraging the Yakong Tribe.
After Jie Yan gave the order, six people from different races came to the Silent Plank Road.
They maintained absolute silence as they flew along the silent plank road.
Every once in a while, they would place a silver tube on the ground. It was hard to tell how many of them had been placed along the way.
After they had walked through the entire Silent Plank Road, the leading alien extended his hand and lightly pressed on the end of the silver tube. Suddenly, the silver tube emitted an ear-piercing whistling sound!
"Whoosh —"
In the Silent Plank Road, it was extremely quiet for dozens of miles. The sudden whistling sound was particularly loud.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
The white cotton-like Yakong Tribe member above the silver tube shook violently. His cotton-like body began to expand and turned into a milky white space that expanded in all directions.
Ten times, a thousand times, a million times …
A huge white space expanded in all directions, and the expanding space slammed into the bodies of the six Outsiders, sending them flying.
At the same time, the silver tubes placed in the Silent Plank Road emitted whistling sounds.
The unusually quiet Silent Plank Road became so noisy that almost all the Yakong Tribe members were surprised. Their bodies began to expand and turned into their own spatial form.
The huge space squeezed and merged with each other …
It looked like countless "bubbles" were superimposed on each other, forming a strange golden scene.
The six aliens got up from the ground and saw this scene with lingering fear.
If they were still in the Silent Plank Road, they would have been squeezed into meat paste by these space bubbles.
The Yakong Tribe members would become like this after being frightened for a full month. In other words, the Silent Plank Road would be closed for a month. The task given to them by Jie Yan could be considered completed.
…
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine drilled out of the ground like a snake and then dived into the ground. The soil along the way was destroyed by it.
Luo Zheng looked back through the "Heaven's Eye" and frowned.
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine's movement ability was outstanding. It was indeed fast, but those aliens were not slow either. In a short period of time, more and more aliens gathered.
These aliens were following behind all the way and would not be able to catch up in a short time.
But if Luo Zheng's group was intercepted, they would form an encirclement …
"How long will it take to reach the Northern Region?" Luo Zheng asked.
Nuwa calculated and replied, "Not far. It should be hundreds of thousands of miles. It will be fine as long as we can pass through the Silent Plank Road."
"Then speed up," Luo Zheng said to the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine.
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine transmitted a message to Luo Zheng and complained, "This is already the fastest!"
Luo Zheng just snorted coldly. The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine's heart trembled slightly. It crazily squeezed its own power and sped up.
But just as the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine sped up, there was a "bang" and it crashed into an invisible Spatial Wall.
Luo Zheng, Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others also crashed into the Spatial Wall due to the huge inertia.
Logically speaking, with their powerful senses, it was impossible for them not to detect the Spatial Wall in front of them. But now, they crashed into it without warning.
But everyone present was in the Immortal Realm, so this collision was not a big deal.
Luo Zheng stood firm and frowned. Then, he slapped the Spatial Wall with both hands.
"Crack!"
The Spatial Wall shattered.
Just as the Spatial Wall shattered, a phantom-like figure strangely swept in front of Luo Zheng. This person was actually in the Immortal Realm from Pingyi Heaven!
Luo Zheng did not hesitate and punched at this person's head.
In Taiqing Heaven, no one should be able to block his punch, not even those in the Immortal Realm.
But unexpectedly, the other party did not dodge. Instead, he slapped at Luo Zheng!
"Do you want to die?" Luo Zheng thought to himself.
The moment the fist and the palm collided, he suddenly felt that the other party's palm was soft and there was no point in his punch!
"Hehe …"
The person let out a dry laugh. His whole body collapsed into strands of spider silk, wrapping Luo Zheng in a layer.
Luo Zheng wanted to struggle, but although the spider silk was thin and soft, he could not tear it away at all!
At the same time, two people appeared on the ground. These two people looked exactly the same. They were obviously twins. They were also in the Immortal Realm!
They faced each other and held hands. A black round hole appeared in their arms. The round hole erupted with a strong suction force and sucked Luo Zheng in.

Chapter 3561
As soon as the black hole sucked Luo Zheng into it, the two Immortal Realm experts separated their hands, and the black hole disappeared.
The two Immortal Realm experts, who looked exactly the same, smiled victoriously.
Following which, a thin strand of spider silk appeared behind the two Sempiternal realm experts. This strand of spider silk coiled around the ground and quickly formed a body. It was the Sempiternal realm expert who had transformed into spider silk to entangle Luo Zheng.
Fuxi, Nuwa, Donghuang, and the others were dizzy. When they woke up and saw this scene, their expressions changed drastically. Luo Zheng disappeared with the black ball just like that?
"Who are you?" Donghuang asked in a deep voice.
The three Immortal Realm experts sneered when they heard this question.
"How dare you ask us who we are?"
"You don't even know us …"
"Maybe it's because we haven't come down from the Shang Qing Heaven for so long that these trash from the Tai Qing Heaven have forgotten us. Hahaha, it seems like we're going to make a name for ourselves again!"
The three Immortal Realm experts were very experienced.
They didn't take the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine seriously.
They also didn't take the five Immortal Realm experts of the Human Clan seriously.
The only target of the surprise attack just now was Luo Zheng. Now that Luo Zheng was taken care of, the others seemed to be no threat to them.
"How arrogant!" Elder Ying said in a deep voice.
The Heaven Winning Rat King's soybean-sized eyes kept flickering. After a while, it suddenly shouted, "Squeak, I remember now. They are Immortal Hunters!"
With Heaven Victorious Rat King's reminder, Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others immediately recalled the identities of these people.
Immortal Hunters were a team of Immortal Realm experts.
In the San Qing Heaven, apart from the Yuan Ling Civilization and the Wu Kong Clan, Immortal Hunters could also be considered as Immortal Hunters.
These Immortal Hunters never had a bottom line or stand. They neither joined the Wu Kong Clan nor the Yuan Ling Civilization.
In the past, there were more than 20 Immortal Hunters, and they were all outstanding experts in the Immortal Realm. Their combat strength was extremely strong. It was said that they had once fought with the Wu Kong Clan. Although they were defeated by Sect Leader Tongtian, they still managed to escape from the Wu Kong Clan safely.
This was because Immortal Hunters had no standpoint or bottom line. As long as they set their eyes on something, they would definitely snatch it. Moreover, they would do anything to get it. They had been very active all these years.
Later on, the Immortal Hunters were hunted down by the mutated races, and a huge battle broke out in the Clear Water Mountain of the Grand Clear Sky. They suffered heavy losses, and only three managed to escape.
The three of them were also the strongest Immortal Hunters!
The strange races gnashed their teeth in hatred, but there was nothing they could do to the three of them.
After these three Immortal Hunters found a way to open the passageway and went to Shang Qing Heaven, the Grand Pure One calmed down slightly.
When Nuwa, Fuxi, Donghuang, and the others reached the Sempiternal realm and entered the Grand Pure Heaven, the three Immortal Hunters had already entered the Shangqing Heaven. Naturally, they had never seen them before, but they had heard of the legends of the Immortal Hunters.
As the king of the Eared Rats, Victorious Rat King loved collecting and exchanging information no matter where he went. He had the most thorough understanding of these Immortal Hunters.
He had never thought that he would run into them today …
Rat King Sheng pondered for a moment before he cupped his fists towards the three Sempiternal Realm experts and said in a clear voice, "Since the three of you are from the Flat Harmony Heaven, you should be at the Sempiternal Realm just like me. Why are you attacking us? Squeak? "
Actually, the difference between the Sempiternal Realm and the Sempiternal Realm wasn't small. Take the Flat Harmony Heaven for example. There were once dominator level civilizations and strange races that were born in the Nirvana Realm. Moreover, there were also the Dao of Destiny, Order, and Void.
The Sempiternal Realm was just a realm, not an identity. Naturally, there wasn't much of a sense of identity between them.
However, most Sempiternal Realm experts found it difficult to advance in the Sanqing Heaven. After all, they came from the same place. Under normal circumstances, they would help each other, unless they were from opposing forces.
The three Immortal Hunters had no enmity with them. Thus, Rat King Sheng was tempted. He wanted to reason with them.
The Sempiternal Realm expert who had turned into a spider web let out a shrill laugh. "You have no enmity with us, but the Elemental Spirit Civilization has enmity with you."
"So, the famous Immortal Hunters have also joined the Elemental Spirit Civilization?" Rat King Sheng continued.
The pair of Sempiternal Realm twins originally had nonchalant smiles on their faces. However, upon hearing this, their expressions suddenly turned serious. One of the Sempiternal Realm experts said sternly, "What nonsense are you talking about? Why would we join them? It's just that the Elemental Spirit Civilization put a bounty on the Elemental Spirit Civilization's Secret Soul. It's something we must obtain. Naturally, we have to come and take you down! "
The other Sempiternal Realm twin continued, "I advise you to obediently give up on resisting. That way, you won't have to suffer so much physical pain. Perhaps the Elemental Spirit Civilization won't take your lives."
"Why are we wasting our breath on them? These people are marked targets. Just kill them, "the Sempiternal Realm expert behind the twins said impatiently. He waved his hands, and they transformed into countless fine spider webs that drifted with the wind.
Luo Zheng had fallen into the black hole after being entangled by these spider webs. Naturally, these spider webs weren't as simple as they looked.
Fuxi, Nuwa, Donghuang, and Elder Ying's eyes flashed with a fierce light. The energy in their bodies surged violently. Naturally, they wouldn't just wait for death.
Even the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine kept extending its thorny vines underground. Its life source was still in Luo Zheng's hands. Even if it was for its own sake, it would still fight these three Immortal Hunters to the death.
Only Rat King Sheng didn't have the urge to attack. Instead, he continued, "I know you two are brothers Xue Ya and Xue Lion of the Kou Clan. Back then, the entire Kou Clan died in the hands of the Elemental Spirit Civilization. You two brothers have enmity with the Elemental Spirit Civilization. Now, why are you helping the Elemental Spirit Civilization suppress us?"
The older brother of the twins was Xue Ya, and the younger brother was Xue Lion. The Sempiternal Realm expert behind them was called Xue Lang. These names were given to them after they joined the Immortal Hunters.
Mentioning that painful past, Xue Ya and Xue Lion's eyes flashed with hatred. However, Xue Ya said, "We only want to obtain the Bone Fragment Secret Soul. Our hatred with the Elemental Spirit Civilization will be settled sooner or later. How can we say that we are helping the Elemental Spirit Civilization?"
Rat King Sheng had already prepared an excuse. "Back then, the Kou Clan was also a powerful civilization that dominated a region. It was said that in order to complete the End, they sacrificed tens of billions of their clansmen as blood sacrifices. In the end, they still failed. When I heard about it, I really admired them. However, I didn't think that the Kou Clan would end up like this. Helping the Elemental Spirit Civilization suppress the End's Hope, if this isn't helping the Elemental Spirit Civilization, what is it?"
"You talk too much!"
Xue Lang's hands shook. A sky full of spider webs was about to entangle everyone.
At this moment, Xue Ya suddenly reached out and grabbed Xue Lang's shoulder. He asked with a faint smile, "Complete the End's Hope? With just you guys? "
Please remember the domain name of this book:. Nine Heavens Divine Emperor Mobile Version Website:.

Chapter 3562
Blood Crow and Blood Lion were not born in the Paramita but in the Chaos World.
The Kou Clan was the dominating civilization in the 733rd chaos. Blood Crow and Blood Lion were the left and right arms of the strongest Kou Clan member.
As the Heavenly Rat King said, the Kou Clan was a very bloodthirsty race.
In order to complete the Path of the End, most of the Kou Clan members were sacrificed. However, the strongest Kou Clan member still failed and could only lead the remaining Kou Clan members to escape to the Paramita.
Even when they reached the Nirvana Realm, the Kou Tribe still supported the Path of the End and inevitably stood against the Elemental Spirit Civilization. In the end, the strongest of the Kou Tribe was killed by Mu Ling and the rest of the Kou Tribe were also slaughtered, leaving only the two brothers, Xue Ya and Xue Shi.
The Kou Clan members were very obsessed with the Path of the End. However, after becoming Immortal Hunters, Blood Crow and Blood Lion no longer had any hope for the Path of the End. After all these years in Sanqing Heaven, they no longer mentioned it.
The Heavenly Rat King suddenly said that they were the hope to complete the Path of the End. Blood Crow seemed to have heard the biggest joke.
"So, you're living beings in the current chaos?" Blood Lion asked.
"Yes." The Heavenly Rat King nodded.
Blood Crow asked in a mocking tone, "The Path of the End is about to descend. How are your preparations? What's the strength of the strongest among you?"
The Heavenly Rat King thought for a moment and shook his head. "I don't know …"
"Hehehehe …"
Xue Ya let out another shrill laugh. "After we entered Shang Qing Heaven, we paid very little attention to the matters in the Chaos, but we roughly know that in this round of the Chaos, even a dominating force has not been born. Is it just relying on you guys or the hope of the end?"
Many preparations were needed to complete the Path of the End …
After a dominating civilization was born, no other forces in the entire chaos could fight against them. The entire civilization could calm down and complete the Path of the End.
Now that the major forces in the chaos were restricting and killing each other, how could they have the time to prepare the Path of the End?
The Heavenly Rat King could not answer Blood Crow's question.
His question was right …
So far, there was almost no preparation for the Path of the End.
What kind of hope were they …
At this moment, Nuwa's eyes flashed as she stood on the vine. Her red lips parted slightly. "Although our human race isn't a dominator force, Huo from Yuan Ling Civilization and Tongtian from Wu Kong Clan came personally and were killed by us."
Hearing Nuwa's words, Xue Ya, Xue Shi, and Xue Lang's eyes flashed with a trace of surprise.
Both Ah Huo and Tongtian were the top powerhouses in the Nirvana Realm. Was the human race really that capable?
However, Xue Ya sneered and said, "How can I believe an empty promise without any proof?"
If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he would naturally find it hard to believe.
"If that wasn't the case, why would the Elemental Spirit civilization try their best to encircle and annihilate us? Even at the cost of the Bone Fragment Secret Soul? "Nuwa asked again.
Blood Crow and Blood Lion looked at each other. This was indeed a suspicious point.
In the eyes of the three Immortal Hunters, this mission was ridiculously easy.
The only person in the group that was worth looking at was the huge human.
The Immortal Hunter had snatched an ice mirror from another race long ago. Through the mission of the Elemental Spirit civilization, the three of them had a detailed understanding of it. This huge human's body was indeed strong. He actually managed to kill Hei Meng in Blazing Maple Forest.
According to the Immortal Hunters' understanding of Blazing Maple Forest, Luo Zheng's body must be extremely strong, even stronger than Hei Meng's.
The Immortal Hunters weren't afraid of his strong body. Without the suppression of Blazing Maple Forest, the three of them could easily kill Luo Zheng with their supernatural powers.
Reality proved that it was indeed easy. Luo Zheng didn't have time to fight back before he was trapped in the "black sun" of Xue Ya and Blood Lion.
Why would the Elemental Spirit civilization make such a big fuss over such a human race team?
Offering a bounty for the Bone Fragment Secret Soul and mobilizing almost all the alien races in Taiqing Heaven …
"After all this, they just want to let you guys go. Don't think too much. Just kill them!"
"Hiss —"
Those spider silks suddenly spread out and shrouded Fuxi, Nuwa, Donghuang, and the others.
Seeing that the battle was unavoidable, Donghuang's eyes flashed with golden light, and a golden sword shone brightly.
Elder Ying flipped her hand and held an ordinary-looking bone sword in her hand. However, when she waved the bone sword, there was a mysterious momentum.
Fuxi, Nuwa, Rat King Sheng, and the others also activated their bloodlines …
Since this battle was unavoidable, they had to fight with their lives!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Countless green thorny vines grew from the ground. This place was just a flat ground, but in the blink of an eye, it became a dense forest with vines. The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine also cooperated with the others to launch an attack.
As soon as the battle started, Xue Ya and Blood Lion suddenly felt a vibration in their chests. Then, two black semicircles appeared out of thin air.
Xue Ya and Blood Lion were completely stunned when they saw the black suns in their chests …
Even Blood Wolf, who had already attacked, stopped temporarily and looked at the two black suns with an incomprehensible gaze.
The Black Sun was a bloodline ability unique to Xue Ya and Blood Lion.
When the two faced each other, they could use the complete Black Sun.
The Black Sun was an incomprehensible world. Any god that was trapped inside would be completely wiped out in the Black Sun World. There was no chance of survival.
Moreover, the most important characteristic of the Black Sun was that it couldn't be escaped. Once Xue Ya and Blood Lion separated, there would be no exit!
No one could crawl out from an exit that didn't exist …
Once in Shang Qing Sky, three Immortal Hunters encountered the immortal "Green Bone Weirdo".
It was said that none of the ninety-nine Green Bone Weirdos in Shang Qing Sky died. They wandered aimlessly in Shang Qing Sky and killed countless creatures. The Elemental Spirit Civilization and Wu Kong Clan couldn't deal with such creatures. When they encountered them, they could only turn around and run.
However, two of the Green Bone Weirdos were swallowed by the Black Sun and never appeared again. They were really wiped out by the Black Sun …
Even the Green Bone Weirdos couldn't escape this disaster. How could Luo Zheng escape?
After Xue Ya and Blood Lion swallowed Luo Zheng with the Black Sun, they were sure that Luo Zheng was dead. They didn't even bother to investigate.
Who knew that such a strange thing would happen to the Black Sun?
"What happened?" Blood Wolf asked with concern.
"No, I don't know. I haven't seen half of the Black Sun. This is impossible …"
Before Xue Ya finished speaking, a strange thing crawled out from the half of the Black Sun in front of him. It was half a black body!
In the half of the Black Sun in front of Blood Lion was the other half of the body. The two halves of the body were struggling to crawl out of the Black Sun.
The movements of the two halves of the body were completely coordinated. They were basically one person, but there was an invisible space between them that separated them.
As the half of the body crawled out, the two halves of the Black Sun produced an irresistible gravitational force that dragged the two brothers over.
Then, the Black Sun became one, and the two halves of the body merged into a complete person.
Please remember the domain name of this book:. Nine Heavens Divine Emperor Mobile Edition Website:

Chapter 3563
The surface of this person's body was pitch-black. Although they couldn't see his face clearly, his seventy to eighty feet tall body made it clear that he was Luo Zheng. Sui {Dream} Xiao Bi. com
"Cough, cough, cough …"
Luo Zheng coughed violently, coughing out masses of black materials.
He was now very strenuous, and it took him a while to recover.
Xue Ya and Xue Shi were still in disbelief. How could he struggle out like this?
There had never been such a precedent before …
The only exception was that the body of the "Green Bone Freak" was too strong, and it didn't disappear for a long time.
When the two brothers jointly launched the Black Sun, the "Green Bone Freak" that hadn't been destroyed still wanted to get out, but Xue Ya quickly put down Xue Shi's hand and didn't let the Green Bone Freak come out.
The situation this time was completely different!
In the past, they controlled the Black Sun, but now the Black Sun controlled them. The two brothers really couldn't imagine this kind of thing.
"He forced himself out of the Black Sun, so the Black Sun forced itself to merge with him? What kind of strength does this require? "Xue Shi looked at Luo Zheng, who was coughing violently, with shocked eyes.
The two brothers had controlled this Black Sun for a long time, and they also had a deep understanding of this strange Black Sun.
They didn't know who invented this Black Sun, but it should be an extremely perfect Impasse Prison.
After entering the Black Sun, unless the two of them joined hands, it was impossible to leave this prison …
From the logic of the design, the Black Sun itself was perfect.
However, today, someone broke this perfect logic and got out.
"What are you waiting for? Swallow him again. I don't believe he can escape a second time!"
Xue Ya jumped up, and the spider silk that was originally spread out rolled back in the opposite direction, shrouding Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, who was still coughing violently, suddenly stopped. He was still bent over, and his face was turned to one side, staring at Xue Ya.
Luo Zheng's whole body was pitch-black, but his eyes were a little white. His eyes were very bright, and his sharp eyes were like an arrow ready to leave the bow at any time, making Xue Ya's heart tremble, and his momentum also slowed down a bit.
Just as Xue Ya's body slightly paused, Luo Zheng's body rushed forward, his hands on the ground, and after two steps like a cheetah, he had already grabbed Xue Ya's neck.
"Boom …"
Blood Wolf's head fell to the ground. His neck was choked by Luo Zheng, and his body was pressed to the ground.
"Hua!"
Luo Zheng pushed Blood Wolf's body. After drawing a gully along the ground, he raised a fist and punched Blood Wolf's head.
If he was hit by this punch, Blood Wolf would definitely die.
But when Luo Zheng's fist just touched the tip of Blood Wolf's nose, Blood Wolf's head turned into a spider silk thread, and so did its body.
Swish swish swish …
Blood Wolf's spider silk had a sealing effect and could perfectly seal the bloodline power.
Previously, Luo Zheng had fallen into the trap too suddenly, and the Origin Divine Blood had habitually dropped the ball. That was why he had fallen into the Black Sun space.
"Hiss hiss hiss …"
After Blood Wolf's spider silk wrapped Luo Zheng like a rice dumpling, the spider silk continued to weave, and once again restored Blood Wolf's head. He angrily shouted at Xue Ya and Xue Ya, "What are you doing!"
The three of them cooperated closely. When they encountered a difficult opponent, Blood Wolf would entangle the target, and Xue Ya and Xue Ya would suck the target into the Black Sun.
When the target was sucked into the Black Sun, Blood Wolf's spider silk would fall off from the target to prevent himself from being sucked into the Black Sun.
The three of them cooperated closely and had a tacit understanding. There was almost no need for communication.
But this time, Xue Ya and Xue Ya stood in place without moving.
Luo Zheng had already broken free from it once, so it was possible for him to break free a second time …
However, Immortal Hunters were people who lived on the edge of death. It was impossible for them to stop trying just because the Black Sun couldn't erase Luo Zheng.
The reason why they stopped was because of the previous conversation with Rat King Sheng Tian …
These human beings were the civilization in the current Chaos.
They were the hope to complete The End …
According to the way the Kou Clan acted in the past, they should be friends of the Kou Clan. They should be supported by the Kou Clan.
Moreover, the ability Luo Zheng showed really shocked them. Such a person was indeed worthy of the Elemental Spirit Civilization's bounty. It was indeed possible for him to complete The End!
"Do it …" Blood Wolf continued to roar.
"Your companion … what's wrong?"
Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed Blood Wolf's head. He squeezed it gently, and Blood Wolf's head suddenly turned into countless spider silk.
It wasn't that easy to kill Blood Wolf.
Luo Zheng was trapped in the Black Sun. He didn't hear the conversation between Xue Ya and Xue Ya. Naturally, he didn't know the whole story.
But Blood Wolf's two companions suddenly stopped. Naturally, it was his chance.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to attack the twins, Rat King Sheng Tian suddenly said, "Luo Zheng, they are not enemies. I think everyone's position is the same! Squeak! "
Luo Zheng looked at Rat King Sheng Tian strangely. Xue Ya said, "If you really want to complete The End, I think we are indeed not enemies."
Xue Ya's words made Luo Zheng understand instantly.
Although there were very few creatures in the Nirvana Realm who still insisted on The End, most of them surrendered to the Elemental Spirit Civilization or were killed.
These people were natural allies.
"Hiss …"
The spider silk slid down from Luo Zheng's body and quickly turned into Blood Wolf's body.
Blood Wolf had a helpless expression on his face. "Are you idiots?"
From beginning to end, he didn't believe a word Rat King Sheng Tian said.
These two brothers of the Kou Clan were too naive. Until now, they still couldn't forget The End. They were deceived by a few words …
But Blood Wolf's combat power wasn't strong. If these two brothers weren't willing to cooperate, he definitely couldn't fight Luo Zheng head-on. Moreover, Luo Zheng still had those Immortal Realm experts by his side.
"No matter what, it's a fact that the Elemental Spirit Civilization captured them," Xue Ya said with certainty.
If Li Shan, as Nuwa said, could really deal with the Wu Kong Clan and the Elemental Spirit Civilization, Xue Ya and Xue Ya were willing to stand on their side unconditionally!
At this moment, there was a sudden rush of footsteps not far away.
"Da da da da …"
A group of half-human, half-horse creatures was running over at an unusually fast speed.
"It's the Tibetan Horse Race!" Fuxi said seriously.
The Tibetan Horse Race might not be the strongest in Tai Qing Heaven, but it was the most difficult race to deal with.
This race moved too fast. Usually, they couldn't catch up or escape and would be entangled to death by the Tibetan Horse Race.
Luo Zheng and the others were delayed by the Immortal Hunters for a while and were caught up by the Tibetan Horse Race.
"I hope you two brothers don't harm me!"
Blood Wolf said with a cold snort. He turned around and flicked his finger lightly. From his finger, it turned into extremely thin spider silk and quietly spread out a layer on the ground.
"Da da da da da …"
Those Tibetan Horse Race people came from afar and arrived in the blink of an eye.
The Tibetan Horse Race leader was ten meters tall and carried a long spear full of barbs on his shoulder. He shouted excitedly, "You guys are so cooperative. Were you waiting for us at the same spot?"

Chapter 3564
"Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo …"
A large group of Tibetan Horse clansmen shouted from behind, their voices rising and falling one after another. {suo} {dream}
{suimēng] [com}
When they were excited, they liked to move quickly. Every time they took a step, there would be a distorted phantom, and their bodies would move a distance at a speed that was difficult to be seen by the naked eye.
This group of Tibetan Horse clansmen moved crazily, looking like beams of light, dazzling people's eyes.
However, the excitement of these Tibetan Horse clansmen didn't last long …
Blood Wolf just lifted his arm gently, and the scattered spider silk had been woven into a huge net, trapping all the Tibetan Horse clansmen in it.
After being entangled by the spider silk, the Tibetan Horse clansmen, who were still moving at high speed, suddenly slowed down greatly, and they found that their supernatural powers were completely ineffective.
"It's your turn," Blood Wolf said without looking back.
Although Blood Wolf didn't agree with the childish idea of Blood Crow and Blood Lion at all, the three Immortal Hunters had been wandering in Sanqing Heaven for so long that they had long been like brothers.
Since Blood Crow and Blood Lion were so persistent, Blood Wolf could only go all out.
Blood Crow and Blood Lion held each other's hands, and a black sun suddenly appeared between them.
"Whoosh …"
The black sun spun rapidly, releasing a terrifying attraction force.
Even Luo Zheng couldn't resist this attraction, let alone these Tibetan Horse clansmen.
"What's that …"
"These spider silk are entangling me!"
"Why can't I use my bloodline power …"
The Tibetan Horse clansmen were in a mess. Facing the attraction force of the black sun, how could they resist?
The Tibetan Horse clansmen were involuntarily sucked into the black sun. Some of the sturdier Tibetan Horse clansmen threw out long spears before being sucked in, but their strength had no power and accuracy.
In three breaths, the aggressive Tibetan Horse clansmen were all sucked in, and not a single one was left …
Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others quietly looked at each other.
The Immortal Hunters were indeed worthy of their reputation. They were very powerful.
Blood Crow and Blood Lion separated their hands, and the black sun disappeared, and the exit of the black sun was closed.
The Tibetan Horse clansmen sucked in would be worn down by the black sun. With the Tibetan Horse clansmen's weak physical bodies, it wouldn't take too long.
Then Xue Ya cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng. "You have been marked by the Elemental Spirit civilization. The aliens of Tai Qing Heaven are rushing over from all directions. You'd better leave here quickly."
Luo Zheng nodded. "Are you coming with us?"
"Together?"
"Okay!"
Blood Crow and Blood Lion didn't hesitate too much.
The two brothers had joined the Immortal Hunters because they had lost their home.
Even though they had obtained great benefits from becoming Immortal Hunters, the two of them still felt that the road ahead was long and meaningless.
The End was the greatest significance of every sovereign civilization. However, after so many Chaos Epochs, there had never been a single reliable person worthy of their support.
Now, in the eyes of the two brothers, Luo Zheng was indeed the "special" one. Since they had chosen to give up the "Secret Soul of Broken Bones", they naturally wanted to see if this person was worth it.
"Then come up!" Luo Zheng said.
"Whoosh!"
Blood Lion and Blood Crow leaped up and stood on the Heaven's Eye Vine's back.
"Brother Blood Wolf …" Xue Ya looked back.
If Blood Wolf wasn't willing to follow them, Blood Crow wouldn't force him. Everyone had their own ambitions, and Immortal Hunters had always been very free.
However, after all these years of getting along, Blood Wolf still felt reluctant. After showing a bitter smile, he also jumped onto the Heaven's Eye Vine.
"The Heaven's Eye Vine is usually covered with Arrow Cluster Demons. It's not easy to deal with them. Why did it help you?" Blood Crow asked.
Immortal Hunters were very familiar with the affairs of Taiqing Sky and Shangqing Sky.
Arrow Cluster Demons were also a very threatening alien race. Even Immortal Hunters had to avoid them in the past.
Now, the Heaven's Eye Vine actually helped Luo Zheng and the others, which in itself made the three Immortal Hunters feel very strange.
"Killed, squeak, they were all killed by him." Winning Sky Rat King pointed at Luo Zheng.
Blood Lion and Blood Crow both raised their eyebrows slightly.
They were already shocked that Luo Zheng could force his way out of the Black Sun. Hearing that Luo Zheng dealt with Arrow Cluster Demons alone, the twins were even more surprised.
Blood Wolf curled his lips. He was naturally suspicious. Unless he saw it with his own eyes, he would never believe it …
"Rumble …"
Soon, the Heaven's Eye Vine drilled into the ground and carried everyone quickly.
…
Ah Huo, Lei Sha, and Jie Yan were also very speechless when they saw this scene through the people from Hidden Shadow.
When the Immortal Hunters first appeared, Ah Huo and the others were a little excited.
A few years ago, Ah Huo had personally tracked down the remaining three Immortal Hunters, but he failed in the end.
There was no doubt about the strength of these three Immortal Hunters. If they were careless, they could threaten existences like Ah Huo, Lei Sha, and the others.
When the Immortal Hunters attacked, Ah Huo even told Jie Yan that if they could really get rid of Luo Zheng and the others, there was no need to reward them with the "Bone Fragment Secret Soul".
Although the Elemental Spirit Civilization and the Immortal Hunters had hatred for each other, the Elemental Spirit Civilization never went back on their words.
Who knew that not long after they attacked, the three Immortal Hunters inexplicably stood together with Luo Zheng and the others …
"Looks like your method isn't useful." Ah Huo glanced at Jie Yan.
The Elemental Spirit Civilization had suppressed the Path of the End for so many years. There should still be many Immortal Realms in Pingyi Sky who yearned for the Path of the End.
If Luo Zheng really rose in power, these Immortal Realms would probably choose to follow Luo Zheng.
This was definitely not what the Elemental Spirit Civilization wanted to see.
"If these Immortal Hunters are willing to go to the Path of the End with them, then let them be." Jie Yan was very calm.
Lei Sha laughed dryly and said nothing.
…
All the way north, the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine carried them through the soil layer continuously.
After traveling for about three thousand miles, they entered a hilly area with uneven heights.
These hills were extremely sturdy and could withstand the pressure of more than 100,000 Godly Jun. It was difficult for the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine to travel freely in them. It could only crawl along the hilly terrain.
"Ga ga!"
A series of strange cries came from the sky.
Seven or eight strange birds lined up in a row, circling and swooping down.
Crimson Wah Shadows whipped toward the sky like octopus tentacles. These Wah Shadows were not accurate, but they forced the strange birds to gather even more. Then, an Eight Trigrams Seal appeared on the bodies of these strange birds.
"Boom!"
Accompanied by a thunderous explosion, the corpses of the strange birds in the sky had already been blasted away, leaving only pieces of bird feathers fluttering slowly.
Fuxi blew on his fist and said indifferently, "Even these strange birds dare to come and join in the fun …"
Along the way north, some of the foreign race creatures that were extremely fast were killed by Fuxi. Fuxi's methods were very fierce. Those foreign race creatures were almost unable to react before they were smashed to death by him.
Blood Wolf quietly sized up Fuxi. These human Immortal Realms did not seem to be as weak as he thought. At least this Fuxi was qualified to join the Immortal Hunters even in the past.

Chapter 3565
After walking north for some distance in the hilly area, the height of these low hills continued to rise and gradually turned into towering mountains.
Fortunately, the distance between these mountains was very close, and the Sky's Eye Rock Vine could easily move on the top of the mountain.
After the Sky's Eye Rock Vine climbed over the largest mountain, a plank road appeared in the northwest direction. This plank road was like a natural moat, extending all the way into the distance, and the end could not be seen at a glance.
On one side of the plank road was a bottomless ditch, also known as the Purple Wind Canyon.
It was said that this huge canyon was forcibly blown out by the wind over the years.
When Fuxi and Nuwa saw this plank road, their faces suddenly changed. Donghuang, Elder Ying, and Sky Winning Rat King's faces also sank slightly.
"This road seems to be filled with white fog?" Luo Zheng frowned and asked.
"It's not white fog," Fuxi said bitterly. "This is the transformed Yakong Tribe …"
"Aliens?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
In fact, Luo Zheng also sensed the extraordinary power of space, and in this power of space, there was a breath of life passing out.
But this feeling was very strange, so Luo Zheng did not ask.
Nuwa nodded and said, "This natural moat-like road is called the Silent Plank Road. There are a large number of Yakong Tribe people on the Silent Plank Road. When passing through this plank road, you must not make a sound, or you will anger the Yakong Tribe people. Now the Yakong Tribe people should be angry, so they turned into this form to block the road …"
Luo Zheng walked to the entrance of the plank road and reached out to touch the layer of "white fog", but his fingers were blocked by a layer of invisible space wall.
"Hey, since the Elemental Spirit civilization knows your location, of course, they will infer where you are going. It is inevitable that the Yakong Tribe people will be angry and close this passage." Blood Wolf came forward and also reached out to press on the space wall.
"Just clean up the Yakong Tribe people," Luo Zheng said.
"You can try," Fuxi shrugged.
Luo Zheng did not hesitate and directly bombarded the space wall with a punch.
The power of his punch was not weak. The huge power fluctuation directly broke the space wall, creating a hole of fifty or sixty feet deep.
"Wu wu …"
At this time, two white dots appeared in the space wall above. These white dots could reflect the surrounding scene and could also make sounds. They could be regarded as the eyes and mouth of the Yakong people.
Seeing that his body was damaged, the Yakong tribesman kept whining, and the rest of his body began to squeeze toward the middle. After a while, the hole was repaired automatically.
The Yakong tribesmen had no sense of pain, nor did they have the concept of injury. When a part of their body was destroyed, they would fill it with other spaces.
In other words, Luo Zheng's punch had only made the Yakong Tribe slightly smaller …
Boom!
Luo Zheng once again erupted with a powerful force.
He used almost all of his strength in this punch. Even the three Immortal Hunters, who had seen a lot of things, were shocked.
They already knew that Luo Zheng's physical body was strong enough to kill Hei Meng, but they didn't expect his explosive power to be so terrifying. If this fist landed on their bodies, it would turn them into ashes.
"Crack …"
A long and thin hole appeared in front of him. It was at least a thousand feet long.
"Wu wu …"
The Yakong tribesman made a sound again, and his body shrank a little.
However, as his body shrank, the Yakong tribesman on top of him expanded …
Luo Zheng was speechless when he saw this scene. He had been busy for a long time in vain.
"Don't waste your time. Once the Yakong tribesmen expand, the Silent Plank Road will not be able to pass," Blood Crow said behind Luo Zheng.
Cleaning up the Yakong tribesmen was equivalent to cleaning up the space on the Silent Plank Road. It would take a long time.
"Is this the only way to go northwest?" Luo Zheng asked.
"There is another way," Nuwa stood up and said, "Continue to the north and change the route to go through the Purple Wind Stream Gorge!"
"Squeak, the Purple Wind Stream Gorge is indeed an alternative route, but once the wind blows, it will also be a dead end," Sky Winning Rat King said.
"But now you have no choice," Blood Wolf shrugged.
In Blood Wolf's opinion, these humans were seriously unprepared and had underestimated the ability of the Yuan Ling civilization.
The Yuan Ling civilization had cultivated in the Sanqing Heaven for so long, so how familiar were they with this place?
From the movements of Luo Zheng and the others, the Yuan Ling civilization could easily judge and respond.
Only in a truly dangerous place could they possibly avoid the Yuan Ling civilization's capture.
When the Immortal Hunters were chased by the Yuan Ling civilization, they had no choice but to dive directly into the "Evil Water Territory," and the Yuan Ling civilization gave up the pursuit.
Only in an almost unexplorable area like the "Evil Water Territory" could the Yuan Ling civilization be wary. However, the Immortal Hunters also paid a considerable price and were almost completely wiped out in the "Evil Water Territory."
Fuxi, Nuwa, Donghuang, and the others all looked at Luo Zheng. Although Luo Zheng was the lowest in seniority, he had obviously become the decision maker among this group of people.
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment, and at this moment, a voice suddenly sounded in his mind.
Hearing this voice's reminder, his eyes flashed with a touch of light. "Then change the route to the Purple Wind Stream Gorge!"
At this moment, there was no time to hesitate. After climbing up the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine again, they slid down from the top of the mountain toward the east.
Continuing to the north for a distance, a plateau appeared in front of them.
The plateau went up a level every few hundred miles, like a huge staircase, called the Heaven Staircase Plateau.
The Immortal Realms of Pingyi Heaven would be scattered at the edge of Taiqing Heaven after passing through the "Heaven's End Path." They hoped to land near the Heaven Staircase Plateau the most because this area was very desolate and there were almost no powerful foreign tribes.
The Heaven Staircase Plateau had a total of seven steps. At the end of the seventh step was the famous Purple Wind Stream Gorge.
After the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine carried everyone up to the Heaven Staircase Plateau, Fuxi looked again with the Heaven's Eye, and his expression suddenly became more serious. "It seems to be even worse …"
"What's wrong? More foreign tribes gathered together? "Donghuang asked.
Fuxi shook his head. "They're gone. All the foreign tribes have disappeared …"
Hearing this, Nuwa, Elder Ying, and the others frowned. Beside them, Xue Ya also asked, "Even the Heaven's Eye can't see them?"
It was not unusual for foreign tribes to move forward in concealment.
However, the Heaven's Eye could see through almost all disguises and concealment methods. Now that it could not see any movement, it meant that the foreign tribes' concealment methods were extremely brilliant.
Fuxi shook his head and extended the vine from the Heaven's Eye to Xue Ya. Xue Ya looked around with the Heaven's Eye, but it was also empty.
Just as Xue Ya was about to speak, the Immortal Realms suddenly felt a powerful spatial energy coming from above. Then, a huge golden ax slashed through the space and came down.
This was a huge golden ax that was dozens of feet long. The edge of the ax was engraved with mysterious Sanskrit words. Rings of golden light spread out, emitting an extremely powerful pressure.
"Crack!"

Chapter 3566
The Heaven's Eye Vine's only weakness was its "Heaven's Eye."
As a plant, any part of its body could grow wildly after being cut.
Once, the Arrow Clan had fought against the "Flash Demons" of the Clear Sky. These Flash Demons could advance through space from thousands of miles away.
In the process of advancing, the Heaven's Eye Vine was cut into dozens of sections by the Flash Demons.
However, each section of the Heaven's Eye Vine became an independent part in a short time. Under the wild growth, it even gained more combat power.
However, this round of golden axes that came from the void was different. The part of the axes that were cut was plated with a circle of golden light.
If one looked carefully, they would find that this circle of golden light was a small golden flame.
This flame quickly spread along the cut of the vines, like a golden mouth that wanted to burn the vines clean.
Whoosh —
A sharp golden sword light cut the vine, cutting off the small section of the vine that was on fire. It was Donghuang who attacked.
The small section of the vine that was cut off was burned clean in the blink of an eye …
"Who attacked the golden axes?" Elder Ying asked with a solemn expression.
"I can't find the target. This spatial power appeared very strangely." Fuxi used his Heaven's Eye and spread out his Divine Sense.
After the giant axes appeared, they broke through the void and disappeared in front of everyone's eyes. Fuxi couldn't trace their origin at all.
"The golden axes that just appeared are the bull-headed people's weapons," Blood Lion said.
The bull-headed people were one of the most dangerous aliens in the Clear Sky. Their individual combat power was extremely terrifying, but their mobility was relatively weak. As long as they kept a distance from the bull-headed people, they could ensure their own safety.
"Hmph, those aliens aren't idiots. Since they have the same goal, of course they'll help each other. This is the most troublesome part." Blood Wolf curled his lips.
A single alien wasn't scary.
Many aliens in the Clear Sky were very strong, but almost every one of them had their own limitations.
The bull-headed people were known to have the strongest combat power. If they were surrounded by them, they would die without a doubt.
At that time, the Immortal Hunters were not afraid of the bull-headed people at all. They could easily play with them by relying on the advantage of speed.
But now it was different. All the aliens had to deal with Luo Zheng's group. Their abilities complemented each other and became extremely terrifying. Not to mention Luo Zheng's group, even the Wu Kong Clan and Yuan Ling Civilization would have to suffer when they encountered this "alien alliance".
"Buzz …"
Suddenly, there was a spatial fluctuation above everyone's head. Then, a golden light bloomed, and another golden axe came chopping down!
This time, the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was prepared. Its snake-like vine body gently twisted and accurately avoided the chop of the golden axe. The golden axe only left a pure golden crack in the ground.
The small golden flame burned fiercely in the crack, but the golden flame did not seem to be able to burn the stone. It was quickly extinguished.
"No matter where they are, climb to the top of the Stairway Plateau first," Luo Zheng said.
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine didn't dare to waste any time. It twisted its vine body and began to dash across the plains.
"Buzz …"
While the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was running, there was another spatial fluctuation above. This time, two golden axes appeared at the same time!
These two golden axes, one on the left and one on the right, completely blocked the escape route of the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine!
"To the left!"
Luo Zheng looked up and stared at the golden axe and roared loudly.
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine didn't think much and twisted its vine body to the left.
Seeing the golden axe chopping down, Fuxi, Nuwa, Victorious Sky Rat King and the others scattered. Only Luo Zheng faced it head-on!
"This kid …" The Blood Lion's pupils suddenly widened.
"Quickly dodge, do you want to die?" The Blood Crow loudly reminded.
The bull-headed man's axe was not only powerful, but the small golden flame on the axe was called "Golden Spirit Devouring Flame". If it was a dead object, it wouldn't be afraid, so it couldn't burn the stone. But if it was a living thing, it would be burned clean in a short time.
"Ka!"
Luo Zheng stood sideways with his hands over his shoulders and forcibly blocked the golden axe!
The extremely sharp golden axe couldn't cut through Luo Zheng's body.
"What a strong body!"
"His body is even stronger than Hei Meng's!"
"The problem is that the Golden Spirit Devouring Flame is very troublesome. It will devour him …"
The three Immortal Hunters stared nervously at Luo Zheng.
The small golden flame quickly spread along the blade of the axe to Luo Zheng's shoulder and burned with a sizzling sound.
Luo Zheng's almost indestructible body quickly wrinkled, cracked, and turned black.
Charred black.
"You'll let me burn it completely?" Luo Zheng murmured, holding the axe with both hands.
The Golden Spirit Devouring Flame spread and burned faster and faster.
If it wasn't restrained, Luo Zheng's entire body would be burned clean, of course, including the Origin God's Blood.
In fact, Luo Zheng's only bargaining chip against the Origin God's Blood was to "die together". If Luo Zheng wanted to help his companions and didn't threaten himself or the Origin God's Blood in his body, the Origin God's Blood wouldn't give in at all.
But in this situation, the Origin God's Blood reacted very quickly …
"Hum!"
Luo Zheng's shoulder suddenly swelled, forming a big bump. Then, this big bump suddenly exploded, revealing a big mouth full of sharp teeth inside!
"It's here again …"
Seeing the mouth on his shoulder, Luo Zheng showed a little helplessness on his face.
The Origin God's Blood was indeed powerful. At least until now, Luo Zheng hadn't seen its limits and shortcomings.
But every time this thing showed its magical power, it would make some strange and even terrifying things on his body …
"Whoosh …"
This big mouth sucked in all the Golden Spirit Devouring Flame, including the golden light on the axe blade.
In the blink of an eye, the shining golden axe turned into a piece of dull ordinary iron …
Luo Zheng exerted a little force with both hands. With a "crack" sound, he broke the huge axe into pieces!
Seeing this scene, the Immortal Hunters' eyes almost fell out of their sockets.
What's with the mouth on this guy's right shoulder?!
How could it devour the Golden Spirit Devouring Flame directly?
Among the three Immortal Hunters, Blood Wolf was the most sophisticated and knowledgeable one.
He guessed a little bit that Luo Zheng seemed to be able to adjust the structure of his body to deal with the crisis.
Since he could absorb the Golden Spirit Devouring Flame so easily, did he have the corresponding means to deal with other magical powers?
If he could really do it, wouldn't he be omnipotent?
However, Blood Wolf was just guessing in his heart. Maybe Luo Zheng's body just happened to restrain the Golden Spirit Devouring Flame.
The problem was that Luo Zheng had already broken free from the "Black Sun" in a strange form. There couldn't be so many coincidences in this world. Maybe Blood Crow and Blood Lion made the right choice?

Chapter 3567
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was also a monster that had lived for countless years.
It felt the dense spatial fluctuations in the sky and was greatly shocked.
Blindly running away was a dead end. Now it could only pin its hopes on Luo Zheng. After all, Luo Zheng had just crushed a golden giant axe with his bare hands!
So while the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was dodging, it also used Luo Zheng as a shield to face the golden giant axe!
In fact, even if the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine did not do this, Luo Zheng would still move on the vine and take the initiative to attack!
Every time the golden giant axe chopped down, the big mouth on Luo Zheng's shoulder suddenly sucked all the Golden Spirit Devouring Flame into its mouth. The originally shining golden giant axe suddenly lost its luster and turned into ordinary iron.
Although this ordinary iron still had the power to chop, Luo Zheng just pulled and twisted, and the giant axe was directly torn from the middle. Then, Luo Zheng casually threw it aside.
"Clang!"
"Ka ka ka!"
"Boom!"
Some of the giant axes were torn apart by Luo Zheng's bare hands, some directly blasted a huge gap, and some smashed a big hole.
In short, any golden giant axe that appeared out of nowhere was smashed into a piece of scrap iron by Luo Zheng.
It was unknown who used spatial magic. At first, the broken giant axes were collected, but soon the other party realized that the smashed giant axes were useless and simply gave up. So, wherever the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine passed, a pile of broken giant axes lay scattered on the ground …
In the beginning, when Luo Zheng attacked, Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others were shocked. Seeing that Luo Zheng was becoming more and more skilled and treated these giant golden axes as if they were nothing and easily dealt with them, their mood relaxed.
And right in front of them, at the end of the first step of the Stairway Plateau, there were hundreds of creatures with transparent wings floating. These creatures were only about half the height of a person, with big heads and small bodies, and looked funny.
A layer of spatial membrane floated around their bodies. It was this layer of spatial membrane that changed the surrounding light, allowing them and the bull-headed people to be completely "hidden".
Even if one's Spiritual Consciousness swept over this place, it would pass through it quietly.
These short creatures were the Sky Destroying Elves of the Grand Clear Heaven. Their race's talent was to manipulate space.
After the Air Destroying Elves and the bull-headed man met halfway, they did not fight openly and secretly like in the past, but chose to join forces for the first time.
The two foreign races were determined to get the "Secret Soul of the Broken Bone". After a discussion, the Air-destroying Elves and the Ox-headed Man lurked at the end of the first level of the Heaven Stairway Plateau to ambush.
The fighting power of the bull-headed people was extremely strong, and if they cooperated with the Air Destroying Elf, it would be icing on the cake, completely making up for their shortcomings.
In addition, they were in the dark while Luo Zheng's group was in the open. They should be able to easily destroy Luo Zheng's group if they were caught off guard.
But in the end, the difference between what they had imagined was too great …
The Air Destroying Elf passed the Ox Head Man's axe over, which was easily caught by Luo Zheng, and then smashed into a pile of scrap iron.
The axes of the bull-headed people were not casually forged. After the bull-headed people grew into real warriors, they would get a Golden Spirit Battle Axe. Most bull-headed people may only have this one in their lifetime.
Only when they made great contributions could they be rewarded with a second Golden Spirit Battle Axe in the clan.
The bull-headed people who came on this trip were the most powerful elites in the clan. Almost all of these elites had two Golden Spirit Battle Axes, and some even had a third.
At the beginning, when the Golden Spirit Battle Axes were thrown, the bull-headed people were still okay. But after seeing Luo Zheng tear the Golden Spirit Battle Axe apart, these bull-headed people were all heartbroken. Those who only had two Golden Spirit Battle Axes refused to throw, but instead quarreled with the Air Destroying Elves.
"What kind of idea are you dwarfs coming up with!"
"That kid is not afraid at all …"
"My axe, roar!"
The Air Destroying Elves did not show weakness and retorted.
"We overestimated you trash!"
"Don't you claim to have the strongest fighting power in Tai Qing Tian?"
"So many elites, but you can't take down one person …"
When the two sides were fiercely arguing, a blue-haired Air Destroying Elf said, "Shut up."
A golden-horned bull-headed person among the bull-headed people also roared, "Don't make unnecessary arguments!"
The blue-haired elf and the golden-horned bull-headed person were the leaders of these two elites. Under the scolding of the two aliens, the two alien races who were still arguing finally quieted down.
The golden-horned bull-headed person continued, "They still don't know where we are and are coming towards us. In a while, we will kill them directly!"
"Yes," the blue-haired elf's eyes flashed, "I will use the space maze to trap that human, and the others can easily strangle him."
Luo Zheng had the ability to swallow the Golden Spirit Devouring Flame, which was indeed beyond the calculations of the bull-headed people and the Air Destroying Elves.
But in their eyes, Luo Zheng's strength was still limited to his physical body, and was not difficult to deal with.
These two alien races were still lurking at the end of the first level of the Stairway Plateau, waiting for Luo Zheng and the others to slowly approach.
One thousand miles …
Three hundred miles …
One hundred miles …
When Luo Zheng and the others entered their field of vision, they were only thirty to forty miles away.
"Buzz buzz …"
The wings of the Air Destroying Elves trembled gently, and the rich power of space dissipated.
The fighting spirit of the bull-headed people was also ignited little by little, holding the Golden Spirit Battle Axes in their hands and breathing out hot breaths.
Twenty miles …
Ten miles …
Five miles …
With their existence, a few miles of distance was no different from facing them face to face.
"Do it!"
The golden-horned bull-headed person roared and issued an order.
The Air Destroying Elves instantly put away their space camouflage and shook their transparent wings. One by one, triangular space fragments were like raindrops, hitting the Heaven's Eye Vine.
The Golden Spirit Battle Axes of the bull-headed people shone brightly again, and the bull-headed people carrying the Golden Spirit Battle Axes also rushed up!
"Infinite Corridor …"
The blue-haired elf gently waved her hands, and a winding space corridor appeared in front of her.
"Buzz!"
With a wave of space fluctuations, the blue-haired elf had appeared above the Heaven's Eye Vine. Her hands suddenly slammed down, and the space corridor shrouded Luo Zheng. In the blink of an eye, Luo Zheng disappeared and fell firmly into the space corridor.
"Da da da da da …"
The Heaven's Eye Vine was unable to dodge the triangular space fragments released by the Air Destroying Elves, and the huge vine body was instantly smashed to pieces.
The three Immortal Hunters, Fuxi, Nuwa, Donghuang, Heaven-Winning Rat King, and Elder Ying, were almost unable to fight back in the face of the bull-headed people's axes, and were directly chopped down in a pool of blood.
The entire process couldn't have gone any smoother …
"It's that simple?" The blue-haired elf glanced at the slaughtered humans in surprise, and then began to size up Luo Zheng in the "Infinite Corridor".
The Infinite Corridor had a powerful space force constantly distorting, but it shouldn't have much effect on Luo Zheng …
However, its goal was only to trap Luo Zheng …
When the blue-haired elf stared, her eyes suddenly widened. Within the Infinite Corridor, Luo Zheng's body had already been twisted into pieces by space.
An existence with a body strong enough to kill Hei Meng would be twisted to death by space force?
"It's fake!"
The blue-haired elf immediately reacted and roared loudly.

Chapter 3568
The bull-headed people and the Air Destroying Elves were already suspicious.
After all, Luo Zheng and his group were the targets of the Yuan Ling civilization's bounty. No matter how weak they were, they were still in the Immortal Realm.
Even if it was a surprise attack, it was impossible for these Immortal Realm experts to not even be able to fight back and be killed like chopped vegetables …
"What's going on?" the golden-horned bull-headed person asked.
The blue-haired elf shook the Infinite Corridor in his palm gently, and a distorted corpse was thrown out. Then, his transparent wings spread out gently. As his body rose vertically, the blue light in his eyes kept flashing.
Its Space Force spread out like a tide. The speed at which this Space Force dissipated was not fast, but the area it covered was quite large. Moreover, everything within the range of this Space Force could not deceive it, so it was much better than the probing Divine Sense.
One breath …
Three breaths …
Ten breaths …
The blue-haired elf's eyes showed confusion. On the first level of the Stairway Plateau, they did not find the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine. How was this possible?
"Stop looking, they've already gone up to the second level!" the golden-horned bull-headed person suddenly said.
"How do you know?" the blue-haired elf asked as he looked back, but he was immediately stunned.
He saw the golden-horned bull-headed person holding an ice mirror in both hands. This ice mirror was given by the Yuan Ling civilization. Now, the people of the Phantom Palace were still staring at Luo Zheng and his group. Through the ice mirror, they could easily find the position of Luo Zheng and his group.
The blue-haired elf's face showed embarrassment, mainly because they were too confident in their space talent. They did not expect Luo Zheng and his group to be able to do something under their noses. Instead, they forgot about this.
"Huff, huff, huff, huff …"
The blue-haired elf spiraled up again until he reached a height of more than ten thousand feet.
Each level of the Stairway Plateau was more than ten thousand feet high. The blue-haired elf's height was just enough to see the second level of the Stairway Plateau.
"Buzz …"
As the blue light in his eyes flashed, he said in a low voice, "They're running pretty fast …"
As his voice fell, he stretched out his hand and gently pushed forward. A slender space corridor also flew forward at an extremely fast speed. At the same time, he held the end of the space corridor tightly and pulled down fiercely, pulling down a space corridor at a right angle.
Through this space corridor, everyone could pass through. Its eyes seethed with killing intent. The price of playing with it was not small …
The second level of the Stairway Plateau.
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was still twisting its body like a snake, crawling on the plain at an extremely fast speed.
In Xue Ya's hand, he was holding a small object. This object was the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine, but it had been shrunk ten times. Of course, Luo Zheng, Fuxi, Donghuang and the others had also shrunk according to the same ratio.
"How pitiful." Fuxi's eyes twitched as he stared at his double.
Even though he knew that these were fake goods, he still felt a little uncomfortable when he saw his body being dismembered.
"Squeak, as expected of an Immortal Hunter. His methods are so exquisite that it makes one gasp in amazement," the Heavenly Rat King praised.
Xue Ya said indifferently, "You must be joking. We've been active in Grand Clarity Heaven for so long, so we're very familiar with this place …"
The Immortal Hunters didn't join any faction. They just wandered around Supreme Clear Sky. Other than facing the pursuit of the Wu Kong Race and the Elemental Spirit Civilization, they also had to face a huge number of aliens.
To be able to survive in the cracks required considerable ability.
After they were attacked just now, Xue Ya quickly made a judgment. The other party was the Minotaur and the Air Destroying Elves. Only the Air Destroying Elves could throw those huge axes accurately.
Furthermore, Xue Ya accurately judged the direction of the Air Destroying Elves and the Minotaur Race. They were very likely guarding in front.
Therefore, Xue Ya used a treasure unearthed in Grand Clarity Heaven, a kind of white soil that could imitate everything. Whether this kind of white soil was a living thing was still debatable, but it did have the ability to imitate everything.
This kind of white soil was also a very popular Nirvana token in Grand Clarity Heaven. The Immortal Realm who carried this kind of white soil could almost transform into any appearance with the help of the white soil.
When Xue Ya used the white soil, Xue Ya also took out another treasure. It was a round mirror that was almost transparent and had an extremely powerful concealment effect.
After the white soil transformed into them completely, Xue Ya also used the round mirror to cover everyone. The two were connected seamlessly, thus forming a complete replacement.
Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others saw the means of the Immortal Hunters, and their expressions were full of amazement.
The Immortal Hunters had used this trick to avoid fatal pursuit twice. One time, they were besieged by the Corpse Fire Man in Grand Clarity Heaven, and the other time, they were chased by the Wu Kong Clan. Both times, the pursuers were easily fooled.
But this time, there was a huge loophole in this trick. The Air Destroying Elves and the Minotaur Race in the distance might not be able to detect it, but the two people from Phantom Palace were hanging on it, still marking Nuwa and Donghuang.
When Luo Zheng asked this question, Xue Ya just waved his hand. In this case, they could only bet that they would not look at the ice mirror of the Elemental Spirit civilization.
In the end, Xue Ya made the right bet.
"If they find out that it's fake, I'm afraid they will try their best to catch up," Nuwa said.
Even if they deceived the other party once, the crisis was still not over.
The Air Destroying Elves' spatial talent was terrifyingly strong. It was naturally not difficult to catch up with them.
"With the habits of the Air Destroying Elves, they will definitely chase after us, and they will definitely build a space channel …" Blood Wolf said as he took out a handful of brown ashes from his Sumeru Space.
Almost at the same time, a blue thin line extended from the horizon in the distance, approaching at a speed that could almost not be caught by the naked eye. It was the Infinite Corridor released by the blue-haired elf.
"Hoo!"
Blood Wolf blew gently.
The handful of ashes in his hand spread backward.
"Hoo hoo hoo hoo …"
It was obviously just a small handful of dust, but it covered a considerable area. The nature of the space in this area was changed. The large space seemed to be solidified, and then it collapsed into thousands of fragments!
The blue-haired elf originally intended to drive the Infinite Corridor to the front of Luo Zheng's group, and then send the Minotaur Race and the Air Destroying Elves.
Its Infinite Corridor was slightly different from the space channel. The space channel only narrowed the distance between two sections, but there was no concept of "distance" in the Infinite Corridor. It was completely defined by the blue-haired elf, so no matter how long the Infinite Corridor was, it could be crossed in one step.
But at this moment, the Infinite Corridor drilled into the area of dust …
If it was an ordinary space channel that touched that handful of ashes, only the front section would solidify and then collapse.
But the moment the Infinite Corridor touched the ashes, the whole body solidified, and with a "whoosh", it was completely broken from the beginning to the end.

Chapter 3569
The blue-haired elf was controlling the infinite corridor, putting the bull-headed man and the other air destroying elves inside.
But as soon as they stepped in, the infinite corridor collapsed, and all the bull-headed men and the air destroying elves fell from it.
Because the infinite corridor itself was equivalent to the distance of "one step," even if these bull-headed men and the air destroying elves had just entered, some of them had reached the second floor of the Heaven Stairway plateau, and more fell from a height of thousands of feet to the ground of the plateau.
This height could not hurt these aliens, but the bull-headed men and the air destroying elves were in a straight line, scattered on the ground …
The blue-haired elf's face was as ugly as it could be. It stared blankly at the collapse of the infinite corridor, and the space debris scattered down.
"What's the matter? You can't hold on? "The golden-horned bull-headed man asked.
The blue-haired elf squeezed out a few words from its lips, "It's bone-condensing powder!"
Most space magical powers would fail under the effect of bone-condensing powder, and the infinite corridor of the air destroying elves naturally could not withstand it.
"These people's tricks are endless, quite tricky," the golden-horned bull-headed man frowned and asked.
The other party's series of actions clearly played them.
"Tricks will always be tricks, when it's time to see the real thing, they will die!" The blue-haired elf's eyes were filled with a layer of blue light, and the killing intent spread with the power of space, making the surrounding air destroying elves and bull-headed men feel a chill.
…
The height of each step of the Heaven Stairway plateau was the same, but the width was different.
With each step, the width was about one-third less, that was to say, the width of the second step was one-third shorter than the first.
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine certainly knew the power of the bull-headed men and the air destroying elves.
They were basically the two most troublesome alien races in Tai Qing Tian, and once caught, they would die.
This vine almost squeezed its own potential, running on the Heaven Stairway plateau, and it did not take long to cross the second level of the plateau, the third level …
The Heaven Stairway plateau was getting narrower and narrower with each step, and the time to cross was getting shorter and shorter.
When they reached the fourth level, the bull-headed men and the air destroying elves finally gathered the scattered people, and then the blue-haired elf once again used the infinite corridor.
With the previous example, the blue-haired elf did not extend the infinite corridor to the back end of Luo Zheng's group, but extended it from the other side until it overtook Luo Zheng and stopped.
On the back of the Heaven's Eye Vine, Fuxi was observing closely with his Heaven's Eye. Naturally, he saw that thin line.
"That thin line is catching up again. It's on the other side of the plains," Fuxi warned everyone.
Xue Ya squinted his eyes and stared into the distance. The Infinite Corridor was just a thin blue line. Separated by a considerable distance, it was naturally impossible to see clearly with the naked eye. Xue Ya shook his head and said, "It's too far. It's impossible to rush over and destroy that passage."
"We can only speed up and rush over," Nuwa said.
Hearing their words, the Heaven-Eyed Rock Vine that was moving forward with all its might sped up again. The three Immortal Hunters were surprised by its speed. Blood Crow and Blood Lion knew the Arrow Demons relied on the vine to move, but they did not expect it to be so fast …
However, just as they were about to rush to the fifth level of the Stairway Plateau, a large number of densely packed things suddenly rushed out from the plateau.
Everyone took a closer look, and their faces darkened. It was a large swarm of Winged Flying Snakes that covered the sky and earth.
These Winged Flying Snakes were nicknamed Dragonflies. They were not big, only as long as a human baby's arm. However, each Dragonfly contained a strange poison. More importantly, they covered the sky and earth every time they appeared. There were so many of them that it was terrifying.
"Do the three of you have a way to deal with the Dragonflies?" Victorious Rat King asked directly.
These Immortal Hunters were too experienced. Naturally, the Immortal Realms present placed their hopes on them.
"The Dragonflies are most afraid of the smell of sulfur. As long as we have one, it'll be enough to protect us," Blood Wolf said.
"But we don't have it." Blood Lion spread his hands. "I wonder if you have it with you?"
The Dragonflies were located in the west of Tai Qing Sky. Unless there was an urgent matter that required them to break into the Dragonflies' territory, the Immortal Hunters would only dig for sulfur for backup. Under normal circumstances, they would not prepare for it.
Donghuang, Elder Ying, and the others shook their heads …
They had never even heard of sulfur. How could they have it?
The three Immortal Realms' expressions turned ugly. If they did not have that thing, they might not be able to escape today.
Seeing the Dragonflies in the sky getting closer and closer, they could almost see the poisonous jaws of the Dragonflies. Everyone's hearts were pounding.
"You can use the Black Sun to suck these Dragonflies in," Nuwa suddenly suggested.
Blood Lion shook his head. "We can't do it."
Blood Lion did not explain why they could not do it.
After all, they had just joined this team. They did not completely trust Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng knew that the space inside the Black Sun was not big. Moreover, the creatures that were sucked in would not die instantly. Instead, the Black Sun would wear them down bit by bit.
The real power of the Black Sun was that it was difficult to break free from it.
As long as the two brothers were separated, the Black Sun would not have an exit. No matter how powerful an existence was, it would be worn down to death sooner or later.
Just now, the two brothers had sucked so many Zangma people into the Black Sun. They did not know if they had destroyed them. Even if they had killed all the Zangma people, the Black Sun could not withstand so many Dragonflies.
"It is said that these Dragonflies have very weak defenses. Just kill them," Fuxi suddenly said from the side.
"Kill so many Dragonflies one by one?" Blood Wolf glanced at Fuxi as if he were looking at something.
"Even if we can do it, it will take a long time," Blood Crow said.
Right now, all the Outsiders in Grand Clarity Sky were gathering towards them. Not to mention the difficulty of killing the Dragonflies, the time it would take would be enough for the other Outsiders to surround them.
"It won't take too long!" Fuxi smiled. The Sumeru Space in his hand flashed with blue light, and a large amount of brown powder poured out.
When Blood Wolf saw the powder, his eyebrows shot up. "What powder is this?"
Even though the Immortal Hunters were experienced and knowledgeable, they did not know how to use Prison Lock Lightning. Naturally, they did not recognize this powder.
"Lightning Solidifying Powder." Fuxi chuckled.
Then he shook his hand gently. An invisible force fixed the powder in place, forming it into the shape of a palm. The Lightning Solidifying Powder was as tall as a person.
In the Sky Thunder Plains, Luo Zheng had collected a large amount of Lightning Solidifying Powder, just in case he needed it.
Fuxi had taken out half of it!
"What is Lightning Solidifying Powder?" Blood Crow asked curiously.
Fuxi raised his hand and looked at the sky. An Eight Trigrams mark appeared in the void, which was also the central area where the Dragonflies were the most concentrated. At the same time, he said, "Have you heard of the Sky Thunder Plains?"
"Of course." Blood Crow nodded.
"This is the lightning of the Sky Thunder Plains!"
After saying that, Fuxi pushed his palm upward.
The Lightning Solidifying Powder palm suddenly disappeared, and the next moment, it appeared on the Eight Trigrams.
"Pop!"
The moment they collided, the Eight Trigrams shattered. Along with the Eight Trigrams was a ball of blinding lightning.

Chapter 3570
There was no doubt about the power of the lightning powder. The Heaven's Wrath Beast that had chased the human race into a dead end was killed by the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning. Sui Meng.
.
com
That ball of terrifying lightning exploded, as if there were thousands of curved electric snakes radiating in all directions.
"Om —"
The roar was so dense that it sounded like a shrill scream.
No one could see what was happening. They could only see a burst of white light. The sky was white, the ground was white, and everything was occupied by this white light.
After a long time, the white light dissipated and everyone's eyesight was restored.
The Earth Dragonflies could no longer be seen in the sky. A considerable portion of them had been killed by the lightning bolts released by the lightning bolts. Even more Earth Dragonflies fell to the ground. Some were directly shaken to death, and even more had fainted.
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was not polite. Without any pause, it went straight forward.
The bull-headed man and the Air Destroying Elf had already reached the side of Luo Zheng's group. When they were about to intercept them, they saw the lightning in the sky. The bull-headed man and the Air Destroying Elf were frightened.
"What method is that!"
"What a terrifying lightning …"
"The color and power of the lightning is similar to the Sky Thunder Plain. Did they attract half of the lightning from the Sky Thunder Plain?"
Under the shock of the lightning, the Air Destroying Elf and the bull-headed man did not intercept them. Even the blue-haired elf and the golden-horned bull-headed man hesitated for a while, waiting for the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine to climb to the fifth level.
"Are we not going to chase them?" the blue-haired elf asked.
"What if they still have this lightning method?" the golden-horned bull-headed man frowned.
The blue-haired elf thought for a moment. "Let's follow them first. There will always be other foreign races attacking!"
Most of the foreign races in the Tai Qing Heaven participated in the encirclement. Let the foreign races who did not know die first, and then the two big races would take advantage of it. This was naturally safer.
"Then let's do it!" The golden-horned bull-headed man also thought that this idea was good.
Therefore, the two big foreign races did not rush to intercept Luo Zheng's group. Instead, they kept a certain distance from them and followed them all the way.
The width of the fifth level of the Stairway Plateau was less than one-tenth of the first level. The sixth level was even narrower, and the seventh level was actually a platform tens of thousands of feet wide. With the speed of the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine, it quickly passed through the fifth level and went straight to the sixth level.
On the other side of the Stairway to Heaven Plateau, a large number of foreign tribesmen began to pour in. Even more foreign tribesmen joined in the chase.
These alien races didn't cooperate with each other as the Immortal Hunter was worried about. They didn't have enough time, and they hated each other very much. Although they were targeting Luo Zheng and his team, they were still very vigilant against each other.
Even if the two alien tribes were traveling side by side, they still maintained a considerable distance from each other.
"Hua hua hua …"
The temperature at the top of the Stairway Plateau was getting lower and lower. Thick snow was piled up on the plains, and everything was white.
After the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine crossed the sixth level, it quickly climbed up the mountain wall of the seventh level.
The three Immortal Hunters, Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others all seemed rather nervous.
If there was a gust of wind in the Purple Wind Stream Gorge, the Stairway Plain would be a dead end. There would be no way to escape!
After the Heaven's Eye Vine reached the seventh floor, Blood Lion, Blood Crow, Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others held their breaths and looked into the distance.
In the distance, there was a huge and open canyon …
In this canyon, wisps of faint purple wind fluttered up and down like purple silk.
"There's a gust of wind …" Fuxi muttered.
Nuwa frowned. There was an unsolvable problem in front of her.
Donghuang, Elder Ying, and the Immortal Hunters' expressions turned from anticipation to disappointment.
The Purple Wind Stream Gorge was insurmountable when there was a gust of wind.
All creatures that tried to fly over would be sucked into the gorge. There was no chance of survival …
The Purple Wind Stream Gorge contained the law of wind. It was almost unbreakable.
"The wind is in the Purple Wind Stream Gorge. Can't we fly over from above?" Luo Zheng stared at the purple wind and asked.
"Haha …" Blood Wolf sneered. He didn't know where Luo Zheng got his skills from, but he knew very little about the Three Pure Sky. "If you fly over from above, the purple wind will also sweep you up. As long as there's a gust of wind, it's a dead end. You shouldn't have chosen this path just now!"
Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others frowned. Their faces were gloomy. They had made the wrong bet this time.
"I see." Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly. He didn't look panicked at all.
"What do you mean by that …" Blood Wolf was even more dissatisfied. He regretted that he cared for the Blood Lion and Blood Crow brothers. He shouldn't have followed these humans.
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine certainly knew what everyone was talking about, but it kept silent. From the moment it handed over its life origin, its life was no longer in its hands.
Not long after everyone arrived at the edge of the Purple Wind Stream Gorge, the other races climbed up one after another from the other side.
They were a group of fully-armed rat-like creatures that were only the size of a human palm …
Dozens of creatures shrouded in fog …
Three or four giants more than two hundred feet tall, like withered trees …
There were also two Nightmare Demon Kings with strong killing intent …
The bull-headed man and the Air Destroying Elves also appeared soon.
These aliens didn't rush up rashly.
The blue-haired elf had a good plan. He wanted the other races to wear him down, but the other races weren't stupid.
Luo Zheng and the others were wanted by the Elemental Spirit civilization. They were definitely not weak!
"Brat, you destroyed my Ominous Earth and killed my people. Let's see where you can run today!" One of the Nightmare Demon Kings took two steps forward. He couldn't wait to swallow Luo Zheng.
When the other aliens heard this, their faces changed slightly.
The withered tree-like giant asked in a slow tone, "Nightmare Demon King, has the Ominous Earth been destroyed?"
Now the Ominous Earth was dead silent. Outsiders didn't dare to go in and inquire. There weren't many people who knew the situation.
"Humph!" Nightmare Demon King didn't answer.
"Was it destroyed by them?" The withered tree-like giant was the type to get to the bottom of things.
"It's that brat!" Nightmare Demon King gnashed his teeth and pointed at Luo Zheng.
Hearing this, the strange expressions on the faces of the aliens became more and more intense.
The Nightmare Demons were very strong, at least in the top three. It was impossible to destroy them.
Wasn't this guy who defeated Hei Meng just physically strong?
It seemed that the information they got was completely wrong …
Surprised, these aliens didn't retreat. After all, there were so many of them.
But these aliens generally hoped that others would make the first move. Even Nightmare Demon King controlled his hatred and stared at Luo Zheng.
The situation was deadlocked.
Everyone on the Heaven's Eye Vine looked dignified. On the contrary, Luo Zheng's face was much more relaxed.
The deadlock lasted for about half an hour. Luo Zheng seemed to sense something. He glanced at the Purple Wind Gorge behind him and suddenly said, "Senior Fuxi, prepare the lightning fixing powder."

Chapter 3571
In such a situation, there was indeed no way to retreat.
Fuxi did not hesitate and took out the lightning-solidifying powder.
"Crash!"
With a gentle shake of Fuxi's hand, the scattered lightning-solidifying powder was fixed by an invisible force and completely gathered together, turning into a huge palm.
This palm was bigger than the previous one.
When the golden-horned cow-headed man and the blue-haired elf saw this palm, their pupils could not help but shrink slightly.
The other cow-headed men even subconsciously took a few steps back …
They did not understand how this thing got the thunder of the Heavenly Thunder Plain, but the power was really terrible.
In this case, the only consequence of being the leader was to be blasted by the thunder and not even a trace of dregs would be left.
The cow-headed man and the air-destroying elf now had the advantage. They had seen the power of the lightning-solidifying powder, and now they were waiting for the idiots who had not seen it to rush up.
However, no one who could survive in the harsh environment of the Three Pure Heavens was stupid.
When Fuxi expelled the powder, these outsiders were already on high alert.
"What is that?" A withered tree giant asked.
"I can't detect …" Another withered tree giant shook his head.
"Everyone, be careful. We'll move back a little." The mouse-shaped creatures began to retreat.
With this retreat, the other people also followed.
"These people are just pretending to be mysterious. You are all powerful people in the Supreme Pure Heavens. Why are you so afraid?" The blue-haired elf suddenly said in a clear voice.
Not to mention those huge fellows, even this palm-sized rat-shaped creature was not easy to deal with.
These mouse-shaped creatures were called "terror rats". The destructive power of their seemingly small bodies was almost one-fifth of the cow-headed men's. The problem was that there were more terror rats than cow-headed men!
"Squeak, why don't you go up?" A terror rat asked.
The other people also cast unfriendly gazes. The blue-haired elf's performance was too clumsy.
Time passed little by little as the two sides were in a stalemate.
"They don't dare to come up, heh …" Fuxi was in the middle of the vines, one hand slightly raised, ready to slap out that palm at any time.
"It's not that they don't dare." Nuwa shook her head. "These people were not of the same mind. Now they each have their own ulterior motives."
"Everyone wants to take advantage of the situation." Elder Ying sneered and shook his head, but there was a hint of sadness in his smile.
She had just escaped from her predicament and wanted to see Ling Shuang. Now, it seemed like she had no chance to do so.
"Luo Zheng, have you thought of a solution? Look at how calm you are, "Donghuang suddenly said.
Donghuang's lips moved slightly, and this sound transmission was heard by everyone on the Heaven's Eye Vine.
Luo Zheng thought for a while and replied, "There is a way. You just need to hold the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine gently."
Hearing Luo Zheng's voice transmission, everyone's eyes were filled with confusion.
Was there any way to escape in such a situation?
Nuwa looked sideways at Luo Zheng. She guessed that Luo Zheng might have received guidance from Heavenly Lord Yuanshi.
Since the Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning was able to produce the Lightning Solidifying Powder in the Heavenly Thunder Plains, perhaps he had a way to deal with the Purple Wind Stream Gorge?
In any case, Luo Zheng's words calmed everyone down a little.
The Blood Lion and Blood Crow brothers were the same. They really intended to spend the rest of their lives in the same boat as Luo Zheng.
There was a hint of surprise in Blood Wolf's eyes.
The Elemental Spirit civilization did not put a bounty on the three of them. If things really got chaotic later, he would find a way to save the Blood Lion and Blood Crow brothers. As for these humans — he was already very considerate of them by not hitting them when they were down.
"Buzz buzz buzz …"
At this time, a group of earthworm flies also climbed up to the seventh floor.
Although Fuxi's lightning-solidifying powder was powerful, it did not kill all the earthworm flies. Most of the earthworm flies were knocked unconscious. After a long time, they slowly woke up and chased after the earthworm flies.
The earthworm flies suffered a great loss from the lightning-solidifying powder. When they saw the lightning-solidifying powder in front of Fuxi, they instinctively showed fear.
However, the earthworm flies did not reveal the information about the lightning-solidifying powder. Instead, they very cautiously retreated to the side and hid their poisonous jaws.
After the Ground Dragonfly, a few more groups of foreign tribesmen came up one after another. The originally small seventh floor of the Stairway Plain seemed to be a little cramped. When the last group of foreign tribesmen came up, everyone's eyes lit up.
It was a pile of round stone creatures, the Stone Spirit Clan.
These creatures made of stone had very strong bodies and infinite strength. Strictly speaking, the Stone Spirit Clan completely belonged to the Elemental Spirit civilization. The Elemental Spirit civilization had always treated the Stone Spirit Clan differently and had a very good relationship with them.
However, the Stone Spirit Clan's characteristic was that their spiritual intelligence was extremely low. They had almost no strategic ideas in their minds and were very easily deceived, so they were not very useful.
After the Elemental Spirit civilization issued the bounty, the Stone Spirit Clan hurried over. However, they did not come for the bounty, but purely to help the Elemental Spirit civilization.
"Dong dong dong …"
After these Stone Spirit Clan members climbed up one by one, their eyes locked onto Luo Zheng and the others.
No one spoke, no one gave them orders.
They then took a step forward and charged towards Luo Zheng's group.
"Dong dong dong dong …"
When Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others saw these stone people, they also knew that things were not good.
The other mutated races were still in a stalemate because they were suspicious of each other, but these stone people were born with a screw loose. If they were bullied by the other mutated races, how would they deal with the first wave of attacks?
However, the situation was worse than they had imagined. These stone people did not think much at all and rushed directly toward them!
"Dong dong dong dong …"
The group of Stone Spirit Clan members rushed over in unison, and the ground of the seventh level of the Stairway Plateau trembled incessantly.
"Luo Zheng, is your plan not ready yet?" Fuxi asked with a serious expression.
This was a matter of life and death, so Fuxi also became very serious.
Luo Zheng frowned and said, "Not yet …"
"Then I have no choice but to do it?" Fuxi's palm shook slightly, and an Eight Trigrams seal appeared in the middle of the group of Stone Spirit Clan members.
"Let me do it first." As Blood Wolf spoke, he gently waved his hands and turned them into spider silk that rolled toward the Stone Spirit Clan members. The Stone Spirit Clan members who were caught in the spider silk suddenly stopped in their tracks as if they had lost all their strength.
As Blood Wolf's entire body turned into spider silk and wrapped around them, the group of Stone Spirit Clan members became motionless as if they had been immobilized.
Seeing that the Stone Spirit Clan members were immobilized, the mutated races here were naturally unhappy.
The life forms shrouded in the fog made their move. As they stretched out their hands, waves of white fog floated toward the Stone Spirit Clan members. When the fog enveloped the Stone Spirit Clan members, it suddenly turned purple.
These fog people could control several forms of fog, each with different effects. The red blood fog could enchant the mind, the yellow poisonous fog was highly toxic, the green spiritual fog could regenerate bones and flesh, and the purple fog could corrode everything.
It was naturally not easy to corrode existences like the Stone Spirit Clan members. Moreover, the fog people were very gentle. Their target was the spider silk that was wrapped around the Stone Spirit Clan members.
Blood Wolf's body turned into such thin spider silk, and it was corroded in the blink of an eye.
The moment the purple fog descended, Blood Wolf sensed danger and took the initiative to withdraw the spider silk and form his own body.
Even though his reaction was so fast, the spider silk was broken into many segments. If he had been any slower, it would have been completely corroded by the purple fog.
Once the spider silk was withdrawn, the Stone Spirit Clan members moved again.

Chapter 3572
After a portion of Blood Wolf's spider silk was corroded, his body was weak.
His face was pale as he watched the stone golems advance. He shook his head and said, "I tried my best, but I can't stop these stone golems …"
In fact, he really wanted to drag Xue Ya and Xue Lion away at this time, but the two brothers' serious and solemn expressions made Xue Ya hesitate.
"Dong dong dong dong …"
The stone golems looked slow, but in reality, they weren't slow at all. As the ground shook, they quickly rushed forward.
The strange races in the distance also held their breaths. They were also looking for an opportunity to attack, but before that, they had to carefully observe the methods of the human race.
Seeing the stone golems getting closer and closer, Fuxi's eyes narrowed slightly. Finally, he couldn't hold back and suddenly slapped forward.
A palm made of lightning powder suddenly appeared among the stone golems and violently collided with Fuxi's eight trigrams. Then, a bright light bloomed.
Almost all of the strange races were enveloped by this light and had to protect their eyes.
Immediately after the light bloomed, the sound of thunder was so dense that it was impossible to distinguish. It was like a sharp object piercing through the air, torturing everyone's eardrums. The surging power made the fog people and terror rats frantically retreat. Some even jumped directly from the seventh level to the sixth level …
After a long while, the light of the lightning finally dissipated.
When everyone's vision recovered, they saw that the stone spirits in the center of the open space were already lying on the ground. Almost all of the stone spirits' bodies were charred black, and their limbs and bodies were shattered. Some had even turned into stone powder.
"So, so scary … squeak." A terror rat climbed up from the sixth level and saw this scene.
"Lightning from the Heavenly Lightning Plains! How did they do it? "The fog people looked at each other.
"It has something to do with the powder!" The withered tree giant shouted.
The other withered tree giants also shouted, attracting cold glances from the strange races.
As long as one wasn't an idiot, they would know that it had something to do with the powder in Fuxi's hands. They just didn't know if Fuxi had any more of that powder …
The fallen stone spirits couldn't get up again. They were standing very close together and were completely enveloped by the lightning. Not a single one of them was left out.
Silence filled the platform of the seventh level.
All of the strange races stared at Fuxi at the same time …
It seemed that this lightning was the human's trump card.
Such a powerful brown powder should be limited in quantity. At the very least, it should be very rare.
If Fuxi couldn't take it out, the situation would become simple.
Fuxi realized that all the strange races' gazes were focused on him, and he felt a little uncomfortable.
Of course, he knew what these Outsiders were thinking!
The problem was that he had already used up all the lightning-fixing powder in the last two times. Where was he going to get more?
When Fuxi's body stiffened, Goddess Nvywa suddenly said to Blood Wolf, "Immortal Hunter, do you still have some brown Divine Thunder Powder? Please take it out!"
What the hell was Divine Thunder Powder?
Before the Blood Lion and Blood Crow brothers could understand, Blood Wolf had already understood. He turned over his hand and poured out a steady stream of brown powder.
The brown powder was not Lightning Solidifying Powder, but the Bone Congealing Powder that had been used to destroy the Infinite Corridor of the Air Destroying Elves.
The two powders looked exactly the same. They were both brown, but their auras were completely different. One contained the power of thunder, while the other contained the power of space. If one used their divine sense to sense them, they would be exposed instantly.
However, as an Immortal Hunter, Blood Wolf was very experienced. When he poured out the Bone-Condensing Powder, he concealed the aura in it. His technique was very clever.
Seeing Blood Wolf's series of reactions, Nuwa's eyes also projected a look of appreciation.
These Immortal Hunters could move around calmly in the Sanqing Sky. Their reactions were indeed agile.
Coincidentally, they had just obtained the Bone-Condensing Powder, and there was a lot of it. The endless Bone-Condensing Powder turned into a palm that was more than ten feet tall, standing in front of Fuxi.
"…"
When the aliens saw the huge brown palm, they were also speechless.
The brown palm just now was not even half of this one, but it had destroyed all the Stone Golems with strong defensive power. How terrifying was the power of this brown palm?
So the situation returned to before, and the two sides were in a stalemate again.
However, although Blood Wolf and Fuxi cooperated very cleverly, some people still saw some doubts.
The golden-horned bull-headed man knew the identities of Blood Lion, Blood Wolf, and Blood Crow from the beginning. These three Immortal Hunters were not of the same race as human beings. When Nuwa asked Blood Wolf for the powder, the other two Immortal Hunters, Blood Lion and Blood Crow, were stunned. They seemed to know nothing about it, which was too strange.
What was even more strange was that Blood Wolf concealed the aura of the brown powder, which was even more obvious.
The golden-horned bull-headed man secretly transmitted his analysis to the blue-haired elf. The blue-haired elf also agreed, but he sneered and asked, "Do you dare to rush up? If you do, I'll send you over. "
The golden-horned bull-headed man glared at the blue-haired elf and did not say anything.
Although he was suspicious, he did not want to risk his life.
However, the situation could not continue like this …
Soon, some aliens began to come up with ideas. They asked each alien race to gather a few people and attack together.
This idea was soon accepted, and it was considered an acceptable plan.
Seeing that the aliens had started a new round of preparations, Fuxi and the others were gloomy again.
After all, they were still in a desperate situation. Although they could still hold on for now, they could not hold on until the wind in the Purple Wind Gorge stopped, right?
Very quickly, the non-human races selected their men of sacrifice …
The purpose of these warriors of sacrifice was to test the "bomb" in Fuxi's hand. Once it was confirmed to be real, the warriors of sacrifice would definitely die.
However, the orders of the patriarch could not be disobeyed, and these warriors of sacrifice did not complain. After mixing into a new team, the warriors of sacrifice were ready to attack.
Fuxi frowned. The Eight Trigrams Seal had already floated in front of him, and the huge palm was about to attack at any time.
The warriors of sacrifice were trembling violently. After the palm exploded, their fates were self-evident.
"Are you looking for death?!"
Fuxi roared, and the Eight Trigrams Seal began to rotate.
Seeing that Fuxi was really about to unleash this palm strike, these people who had gritted their teeth and were prepared to die suddenly stopped. Some of them even retreated …
However, how would Fuxi dare to attack?
If he did, he would be exposed.
From the beginning, Luo Zheng had also changed his calm expression. There was a faint trace of anxiety flashing in his eyes. Although he hid it well, Nuwa still caught it.
His item had not arrived yet.
In the current situation, they could only hold on for a few breaths …
"It's fake, squeak!"
"He doesn't dare to use it. This is their last hope, quickly attack!"
"There are no cowards in the bull-headed race!"
The alien race leaders began to encourage and force them.
The men of sacrifice were extremely unwilling, but they still gritted their teeth and charged forward.
No matter how Fuxi acted, he could not scare the warriors of sacrifice away …
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly sensed something.
At the far end of the Purple Wind Gorge, there was a purple wind mixed with a touch of green "wind", and this green wind was rolling and dancing, approaching at an extremely fast speed.
"Senior Fuxi, attack with this palm!" Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"Why?" Fuxi was stunned.
"Listen to me!" Luo Zheng ordered in a deep voice.
Fuxi was very unhappy with Luo Zheng's tone, but at this critical moment, he did not care. He attacked with the giant palm formed by the Bone Congealing Powder.

Chapter 3573
Bone Congealing Powder and Lightning Solidifying Powder were similar in appearance, but their properties were worlds apart.
After the Bone Congealing Powder was thrown out, it spread out with a "boom".
Generally speaking, a small amount of Bone Congealing Powder was enough to solidify the spatial passageway and then collapse it. However, after a large amount of Bone Congealing Powder exploded, it actually affected the normal spatial passageway as well.
The spatial passageway around the group of death warriors suddenly became extremely viscous. These foreign race death warriors also seemed to be moving forward in heavy oil. Their movements were slow and even somewhat comical.
That was how it looked to outsiders, but the death warriors in the spatial passageway did not think so.
They felt the changes in their surroundings and were completely disheartened...
It's over, it's over, it's all over...
We're dead for sure!
For our race, sacrifice yourselves!
Every foreign race had different requirements for their own clansmen. Their inner thoughts were all different.
However, this "viscous" feeling only lasted for two breaths of time before it disappeared.
Everything returned to normal...
They looked at their own bodies and then at their own hands. A trace of unconcealable ecstasy appeared on their confused faces.
"It's fake!"
"That's Bone Congealing Powder! It's used to destroy spatial passageways! "
"The powder from before is already gone!"
The death warriors immediately reacted. The eyes of the foreign race people in the distance also shone with a fiery light.
"Squeak squeak..."
The Terror Rats let out squeak squeaks. Their originally messy positions suddenly became orderly. According to a certain pattern, three, five, seven Terror Rats stacked together and then charged forward...
"Squeak, squeak, squeak..."
The Withered Tree Giants also took a step forward.
Although their movements were slow, each step covered a considerable distance. A distance of several tens of thousands of feet was only a few steps to them.
The fog people directly floated forward...
The blue-haired elf and the golden-horned ox head were also anxious at this time.
They didn't think that the brown powder in the hands of these guys was really fake!
Especially the blue-haired elf, he wanted to slap himself a few times. After all, he had suffered from the "Bone Congealing Powder" before. He should have thought of this in advance.
However, there was still a chance. In any case, Luo Zheng and the others could not escape.
However, they had never thought that the so-called "unable to escape" idea was not reliable.
As the Outsiders rushed forward, a green light floated up from the Purple Wind Stream Gorge.
Along with the green shadow came the wisps of purple wind in the Purple Wind Stream Gorge. These purple winds were the deadliest catchers in Grand Clarity Heaven, but they could not catch the green shadow.
It was only when the green figure rose into the air that the Outsiders were able to see what it was.
It was a huge eagle!
The feathers, which looked like they were carved out of green jade, were crystal clear and fluttering in the wind.
When the purple wind blew over, it actually slid past its feathers, unable to do anything to this giant eagle …
"Wing, Wing King!"
When Blood Wolf saw this behemoth, he looked very excited.
Luo Zheng found it strange that Blood Wolf knew Yi Wang, but it was not difficult to understand after thinking about it.
The Green Jade Civilization that the Wing King once led was also an extremely powerful dominator level civilization. However, during the battle with the Wu Kong Race, the Wing King had no choice but to lead the Green Jade Civilization to hide in the Color Realm Dark Domain.
Their choice was similar to that of the Human Race, but there were more elites of the Human Race trapped in Grand Clarity Heaven.
When Nuwa, Fuxi, Donghuang, and the others saw this huge eagle that looked like it was carved out of green jade, their eyes were filled with awe. It could fly freely in the Purple Wind Stream Gorge. So this was where Luo Zheng's confidence came from?
"Ka, ka!"
The Wing King stretched out a pair of sharp eagle claws and grabbed the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine's body like an eagle catching a snake. The difference was that the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was very clear about its situation and was very "obedient" and did not move.
"Stop this bird!"
"Squeak, squeak, squeak …"
The Terror Rats roared and threw the weapons in their hands madly.
The fog people also waved their black hooks, wanting to hook Luo Zheng and the others back …
Looking at the aggressive attacks of these foreign tribesmen, the Winged Monarch spread his wings and flapped them forward fiercely.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The seventh level of the Stairway Plateau was suddenly filled with strong winds.
If it was just strong winds, it would not be a problem. The Outsiders present were not necessarily afraid of the Wing King.
Over the years, the foreign races had seen many experts from the Sovereign level civilizations.
The problem was that this was the Purple Wind Stream Gorge!
It was fine if the Wing King could avoid the purple winds, but when he flapped his wings to create strong winds, he also attracted the purple winds in the Purple Wind Stream Gorge!
Almost all of the Outsiders' eyes were filled with fear.
Those death warriors from before had been lucky enough to escape with their lives, but they were at the front and could not avoid the purple winds this time.
These purple winds were like silk. After wrapping around these death warriors, they were dragged towards the Purple Wind Stream Gorge.
Those death warriors were not the only ones who were unlucky. The terror rats and fog people who had just charged forward were also tragically caught by the purple winds.
No matter how they struggled, no matter what ability they used, not a single one of them was able to break free.
The other Outsiders saw that the situation was not good and could only frantically retreat. In the end, they could only watch as the Wing King soared into the sky and glided towards the Purple Wind Stream Gorge …
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The purple winds in the Purple Wind Stream Gorge seemed to have their own consciousness as they crazily chased after the Wing King.
However, the Wing King was extremely familiar with the flight pattern of these purple winds. He did not see the Wing King dodge. These purple winds could not touch him at all. Of course, they could not touch the Heaven's Eye Vine in his claws either.
"Brat, you scared me to death. I didn't expect you to have such a trick up your sleeve." Fuxi took a deep breath.
Nuwa, Heaven Winning Rat King, Donghuang, Elder Ying, and the others also relaxed. Nuwa originally thought that the Primeval Lord of Heaven would make a move. She did not expect that at the crucial moment, the Wing King of the Green Jade Civilization would be attracted.
The upper end of the Heaven's Eye Vine was raised high. The Blood Wolf stood at the top and was communicating with the Wing King.
The Blood Lion and Blood Crow brothers had already answered everyone's questions.
When the Green Jade Civilization was roaming the Grand Clear Heaven, a Green Jade Spirit had gone missing.
Later, the Wing King fled with his clan and hid in the 13th Heaven. This "Green Jade Spirit" did not know and became a remnant of the Green Jade Civilization.
Due to fate, this Green Jade Spirit became a member of the Immortal Hunters and had a very good relationship with the Blood Wolf. They were like brothers.
Unfortunately, this Green Jade Spirit eventually died in the pursuit of the Wu Kong Clan. Before dying, this Green Jade Spirit entrusted the Blood Wolf, hoping that he could help find the Green Jade Civilization.
The Blood Wolf, who had been active in the Grand Clear Heaven for a long time, naturally could not find the Green Jade Civilization in the 13th Heaven.
However, the Blood Wolf did not expect to meet the Wing King of the Green Jade Civilization on this day and at this time. One could imagine the excitement in the Blood Wolf's heart.

Chapter 3574
The Blood Wolf told the Winged King everything about the Green Jade Spirit.
The Winged King was silent for a while before letting out a sigh. "So 'Dong' did so many things after we left. It's my fault. I shouldn't have been separated from him back then."
The status of "Dong" was almost the same as the Green Jade Spirit in Luo Zheng's body. He was also a core figure of the Green Jade Civilization and the left and right arms of the Winged King.
"Dong doesn't regret it, nor does he blame you. He just wants me to tell you everything he has done," the Blood Wolf said again.
The Winged King nodded. "I understand. If there's a chance, I hope you can take me to the place where it fell."
"There will be such a day!" The Blood Wolf cupped his hands.
The Blood Wolf was also a righteous person. Otherwise, he wouldn't have risked his life to stay with the two brothers just because of the thoughts of the Blood Lion and the Blood Crow. After all, Luo Zheng and the others were being hunted down by all the outsiders in the Grand Pure Heaven. There was no place more dangerous than staying by their side.
However, there were more important things to do right now, so they couldn't immediately go and pay their respects to "Dong".
"Whoosh …"
More purple wind swept over.
In the middle of the Purple Wind Gorge, the purple wind had completely occupied the space.
It was unknown what method the Winged King used, but he could always find space in the purple wind. No matter how close the purple wind was to him, he couldn't be entangled.
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was also trembling slightly in his claws. Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others, with their keen senses, could also sense that this "trembling" was actually a kind of strange movement technique. It contained the secret to avoid the purple wind.
Luo Zheng didn't care about these details. He stared at the purple wind and asked, "These purple winds don't usually exist. What kind of scene is it at the bottom of the Purple Wind Gorge?"
"It's a kind of shellfish," the Winged King replied. "This kind of shellfish is very weak. After taking root at the bottom of the Purple Wind Gorge, they can't move for the rest of their lives, so they lack the means to find food. Fortunately, these shellfish are creatures of the 33 Heavens, so they also have strange talents."
"Purple Wind is their Bloodline Talent?" Luo Zheng blurted out.
"That's right." The Winged King continued to answer, "The reason these shellfish released the purple wind is not to seal the Purple Wind Gorge, nor is it to target the strange races above. They are only hunting for food, and when they start to reproduce, they will release the purple wind to start hunting."
"Those pagans who fell down all became the food of these shellfish. It's really amazing..." Luo Zheng murmured.
As for how the Winged Monarch avoided the purple wind, Luo Zheng didn't ask.
When he first decided on the route, Luo Zheng knew that Yi Wang had entered Sanqing Heaven through the Spirit of Green Jade in his body. The Instrument of Civilization of Green Jade could sense Yi Wang's location.
The Green Jade Spirit told Luo Zheng with certainty that the Yi Emperor could easily bring everyone across the Purple Wind Stream Gorge.
Now it seemed that although there was a bit of trouble in the middle, the result was good.
"The path you chose is the Wailing Path?" The Wings King asked again.
At that time, the Wings King led many Immortal Realm cultivators of the Green Jade Civilization to advance toward Shangqing Heaven, but they were defeated four hundred miles away.
It wasn't that the Green Jade Civilization was weak, but that the path they chose was different.
At that time, the Wings King was eager to prove himself, so after entering Sanqing Heaven, he led his troops into Shangqing Heaven through the Path of Flames.
The Path of Flames was a very difficult path. At least, there were very few who chose this path to enter Shangqing Heaven. The Wings King had overestimated the strength of the Elemental Spirit Civilization, so he suffered a great setback.
In fact, if the Wings King wasn't so anxious, it wasn't impossible for him to enter Shangqing Heaven.
"Yes, Senior Wings King," Nuwa said with cupped hands.
"I heard that the Wailing Path is a strange path and is extremely dangerous. Are you confident?" the Wings King asked again.
Being defeated at the entrance of the Path of Flames was the pain in the Wings King's heart for the rest of his life. It also made him very sensitive to these paths.
"We successfully passed through it," Fuxi said proudly.
The Wings King nodded slightly, then said with some loneliness, "That's good. Back then, I failed …"
"Failure wasn't a matter of strength. After all, at that time, we didn't have a thorough understanding of these paths," Nuwa continued.
The Nirvana Realm creatures' understanding of Sanqing Heaven was always increasing, just like a mysterious veil being pulled off bit by bit. The latecomers became more familiar with these paths, so naturally, it would be easier.
"This time, I'm basking in your glory and entering Shangqing Heaven with you," the Wings King said again.
Nuwa's face revealed a trace of a smile. "Senior Wings King, you're too modest."
"Whoosh …"
As the Wings King's broad wings flapped fiercely, the group sped up in the purple wind again.
After a few minutes, the Wings King began to climb higher. After flying upward for a while, he finally made his way out of the purple wind.
On the left of the group was a cliff that stretched for thousands of miles, and on the right was a plain with no end in sight.
After the Wings King put down the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine, Luo Zheng began to look at the scenery in the distance. After a while, he revealed a strange expression.
"I'm standing in the north, facing the south." Luo Zheng pointed to the plain in front and said, "If I keep moving along this plain, won't I be able to reach the south of Taiqing Heaven?"
To put it more simply, if the center of Taiqing Heaven was this plain, then when they came out of the Blazing Maple Forest, they should go up along the Divine River and reach this place by crossing it. There was no need to spend so much effort to make a big circle.
"That's not a plain." Nuwa walked forward and said, "It's just an illusion, an illusion. The entrance is there."
Nuwa pointed not far away.
There were two rows of inconspicuous fences.
One on the left and one on the right, the two rows of fences built a very simple entrance.
After looking at these two rows of fences, Luo Zheng frowned slightly. Although the fences weren't eye-catching, Luo Zheng couldn't have ignored them. However, he didn't see them just now. This was very strange.
"Through the plain, the road to Shang Qing Heaven can only be through those two rows of fences." Nuwa stretched out a thin white finger and drew a line in the air. "If you don't walk into the middle of the fences, once you cross from both sides, you will be forever lost in this endless plain."
"This illusion is so powerful?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
At the same time that Nuwa nodded, the voice of Heavenly Lord Yuanshi sounded in Luo Zheng's mind, "This plain is not an illusion!"
"If it's not an illusion, we can just turn around and walk out. Why bother to be so powerful?" Luo Zheng asked back in his mind.
Heavenly Lord Yuanshi chuckled and said, "Those who enter it have no ability to turn back. All the people who enter the plain have their thoughts changed and no longer have the ability to 'turn back'."
"Turning back is also an ability?" Luo Zheng was speechless.
"Yes, it's not changing your memory, but directly making you not realize this ability of yours. You can only walk forward forever. You know what's wrong, but you'll never be able to detect it." Heavenly Lord Yuanshi shrugged and said, "This is indeed a very magical plain. It can logically restrict the thoughts of all creatures."

Chapter 3575
Luo Zheng didn't dwell too much on this issue. He went to the two rows of fences with the others.
These fences looked like they had been there for a long time. They had decayed thoroughly from the inside out.
The surface of the fences used to have exquisite carvings, but they had long decayed beyond recognition.
Luo Zheng noticed that there was a complete carving on the side of one of the fences, but part of it was covered by dust. Just as Luo Zheng was about to reach out and brush off the dust, Fuxi's expression changed. "Luo Zheng, don't touch this fence!"
Luo Zheng's fingers stopped an inch before touching the fence. "Why?"
"There's something wrong with this fence. Anyone who touches it won't be able to walk out of the Wailing Path," Fuxi said with certainty.
"Is it that magical?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
He didn't believe Fuxi, but anything could happen in the Nirvana Realm. Maybe this fence really had something to do with the Wailing Path.
In the end, Luo Zheng didn't touch these fences. At this time, the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine stretched out a thin vine and gently touched Luo Zheng's forehead, transmitting its thoughts to Luo Zheng. "I've sent you here. Can I go now?"
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was forced here by Luo Zheng. Its life source was still in Luo Zheng's hands.
Luo Zheng glanced at the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine's big eye and said, "As far as I know, if you retreat from here, you can only walk on the Silent Plank Road. Do you think the other aliens will let you go?"
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was also a member of the alien race. The problem was that in the eyes of the other aliens, the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was already on Luo Zheng's side.
Even in normal times, it was difficult for the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine of the Goblin Clan to survive on its own after losing its arrow cluster. Moreover, the aliens were now in a rage. It was very unlikely that they would let the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine go.
The vine thought very seriously for a while and replied, "No …"
"Then what are you going to do?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"I … I'd better follow you …"
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine was very unwilling to follow Luo Zheng and the others.
The Wailing Path was originally very dangerous and full of strangeness.
Moreover, in its current state, it would be difficult for it to survive even if it reached the Shang Qing Heavens.
"If you're ready, please come with us. This Wailing Path is rumored to be very mysterious and terrifying. Presumably, besides Luo Zheng, everyone here should have heard of it, right?" Fuxi said in a clear voice.
Luo Zheng's eyes twitched and he glared at Fuxi.
"The Wailing Path is indeed dangerous, but once you master the secrets, the Wailing Path will be the easiest. This is why I chose the Wailing Path," Fuxi said as he turned and walked to the road between the two rows of fences. At the same time, he continued, "Everyone, please follow closely behind me. We will definitely pass through safely!"
"That's right, that's right …"
The Heaven's Eye Rockvine actually arched behind Fuxi at the first moment. Clearly, it was afraid of falling behind.
But once it moved over, there was no space for the others.
Fuxi looked at the Heaven's Eye Vine helplessly and said, "Do you want to enter my Spirit Beast Pouch?"
The space in Fuxi's Spirit Beast Pouch was not small. It was more than enough to store the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine.
However, most foreign races were not willing to enter the Spirit Beast Pouch unless the other party trusted them very much.
The Heaven's Eye Rock Vine may have been frightened by the horror of the Wailing Path. It quickly stretched out its thin vines to touch Fuxi's head, passing the thought of "consent" to Fuxi.
After releasing the Heavenly Hound of Trigram from the Spirit Beast Pouch, Fuxi put the Heaven's Eye Rock Vine inside. The Heavenly Hound of Trigram was a necessary item to pass through the Wailing Path.
Next, everyone walked into the road between the fences one after another. The Winged King's body was too large. In order to make it easier to enter the Wailing Path, he had shrunk his body before entering.
When everyone entered, the situation did not change.
In the distance, there was still the plain where there was no turning back. On one side was the cliff, and on the other side was the end of the Purple Wind Gorge.
As for the two rows of fences, they were like a row of wood on the plain, meaningless.
But after walking for a while, a faint white mist began to appear around them. The further they went, the thicker the white mist became.
Luo Zheng looked back again. The cliff was gone, and the Purple Wind Gorge had also disappeared. However, the two rows of fences were still there, tenaciously proving their position.
"Is the middle of the fences closed?" Luo Zheng asked in a low voice.
Originally, there were two rows of fences, but now there was only one row. It was like magic.
"Don't ask," Nuwa said in a low voice.
Her eyes were dyed with a hint of crimson light. It was as if she had poured Nuwa's shadow into her eyes. It was unknown what this action would make her see.
Since Nuwa told Luo Zheng not to ask, Luo Zheng did not ask anymore.
Donghuang, Elder Ying, and the three Immortal Hunters were also confused, but they obediently followed in front of Nuwa and Fuxi.
After walking for a short distance, a steepled house appeared in the thick fog.
After getting closer, Luo Zheng could see clearly that it was a straw hut made of straw.
The straw hut did not have a door, so they could not see the situation inside clearly.
However, when they got closer, everyone had an extremely unpleasant feeling in their hearts.
For Donghuang, Elder Ying, and the others who had been in high positions for a long time, this unpleasant feeling was enough to make them kill the other party.
However, in this mysterious place, they restrained themselves.
When they passed by the first straw hut, everyone could endure it.
But soon, a second and a third straw hut appeared in front of them …
These straw huts were all closed, and the creatures inside all gave them this feeling.
Driven by curiosity and uneasiness, Rat King finally could not help but ask, "What's inside?"
"Don't ask," Nuwa replied again.
Rat King's soybean eyes flashed, and he could only continue to move forward helplessly.
But when they passed by a row of neat straw huts again, Blood Wolf suddenly stopped. "You have to tell us what it is before we decide whether to move forward or not."
It was not that Blood Wolf did not trust Nuwa, but the Immortal Hunters were never willing to completely pin their hopes on others.
Knowing in advance was helpful for them to deal with unexpected situations.
Nuwa was a little regretful. She should have told them the rules outside, but now there was no chance.
"It's a kind of trick," Nuwa replied.
Hearing this answer, Blood Wolf just frowned. He had already guessed it. Now he was just forcing Nuwa to say it, so he was not very surprised.
However, the faces of Blood Crow and Blood Lion suddenly turned pale, and a trace of unconcealable fear was released from their eyes.
On the contrary, Donghuang, Elder Ying, Rat King, and Luo Zheng did not have any reaction.
Even in Shang Qing Heaven, there were not many creatures who knew about the existence of "trick". Of course, they had never heard of it in Shang Qing Heaven.
However, when they saw the faces of Blood Crow and Blood Lion, they immediately understood that it was not something easy to deal with.

Chapter 3576
When they passed by a row of neatly arranged straw sheds, Fuxi picked up the Celestial Hound by his feet.
The Celestial Hound was extremely sensitive. Now that it was on the Wailing Path, the extremely unpleasant feeling almost swallowed it up. It now looked sickly.
Every time Fuxi brought it past a straw shed, its listless eyes would reveal a hint of hostility.
Perhaps it understood that the thing in the shed was too strong, so it didn't dare to bark. It just whimpered softly.
After passing through the first row of straw sheds, the Celestial Hound only whimpered softly. There was nothing unusual about it.
When they reached the bottom of the straw shed, Fuxi asked in a low voice, "Is there not a single straw shed that can be entered?"
"No." The Celestial Hound shook its head.
Fuxi and Nuwa looked at each other quietly. There was a hint of worry in their eyes.
The last time they entered the Wailing Path, they found a straw shed in the first row that could be entered.
This time, their luck didn't seem to be so good. All 26 straw sheds in the first row were full.
"The second row!"
Fuxi knew that he couldn't delay any longer. He carried the Celestial Hound to the second row.
There were also many straw sheds in the second row. Just like before, the Celestial Hound sniffed hard when passing by the straw sheds, trying to find a place to settle down.
However, the Celestial Hound still couldn't find a straw shed in the second row.
Nuwa's big eyes flickered and she didn't say anything. Fuxi's face became very ugly. "The third row!"
The people behind him also remained silent, but the worry in their hearts grew deeper and deeper.
Fuxi and Nuwa had indeed gone to Shang Qing Sky from this path, but they had been able to pass through so smoothly before. There seemed to be a certain element of luck.
They were lucky once, but they couldn't be lucky every time.
If they couldn't find a suitable straw shed this time, the situation would be troublesome. It would be even more troublesome than when they were besieged on the seventh level of the Stairway Plateau.
There were seven rows of straw sheds in this area. It was like a large barbaric village.
Fuxi took the Celestial Hound from the first row to the last straw shed in the seventh row, but still couldn't find a suitable one. Fuxi's face seemed to be smeared with a layer of ash. It was extremely ugly.
Luo Zheng looked up and said, "The sky seems to have darkened a lot."
Although this area was shrouded in white fog and it was impossible to tell if it was morning or evening, it was a fact that the light outside the fog was dim.
Fu Xi was startled. He raised his head and looked over, feeling even more anxious.
Once the sky turned dark, he would be in deep trouble …
Seeing that Fuxi was like an ant in a hot pot, Nuwa calmed down a lot. "We can't find these straw sheds in the middle. There are still some scattered straw sheds around. We have to try. Huang Xi, don't be anxious."
In addition to the straw huts in this area, there were also quite a few scattered straw huts in the surroundings.
After Nuwa comforted him, Fuxi took a deep breath and nodded at her. Then, he carried the Celestial Hound and went to search the scattered grass huts.
After trying one straw hut after another, the answer he received was still no.
The sky was already turning dark, and night was about to fall.
"Since we're looking for a straw shed that we can stay in, we can just work together to pull Shift out. Why go through so much trouble?" Donghuang finally could not hold it in any longer.
From Donghuang's point of view, no matter how powerful Shift was, how powerful could he be?
Even without Luo Zheng, everyone present was still a force to be reckoned with in Sanqing Heaven.
But as soon as Donghuang said this, a low wail came from the nearest straw shed.
It was impossible to tell whether the wail was male or female. The voice seemed to contain a unique magic, and everyone could not help but cover their ears.
After the first wail came from the straw shed, more shrill wails came from the other straw sheds. One by one, Shift began to wake up!
"Woo woo …"
The Celestial Hound in Fuxi's arms kept whimpering. It was obviously terrified to the extreme.
"There are still a few straw sheds over there. We can still try." Nuwa pointed not far away, where there were still six or seven straw sheds standing.
At this moment, Fuxi had no more scruples. He strode over.
The Celestial Hound suppressed its fear and tried its best to distinguish. When Fuxi passed by the third straw shed on the left, the Celestial Hound's eyes lit up. "I've got it! This one is empty! Go in quickly! "
Luo Zheng, Donghuang, and the others behind them were also very anxious.
The Celestial Hound's words immediately cheered them up.
Fuxi lifted a corner of the straw shed and went in, followed by Nuwa, Luo Zheng, Donghuang, and the others.
The height of this straw shed was about the same as the shrunken Wing King, but it was still not easy to accommodate the Wing King. Seeing this, the Wing King could only shrink himself even smaller and then go in.
After the last Wing King entered the straw shed, Fuxi covered the corner of the straw shed.
The ear-piercing wail that had been lingering in everyone's ears suddenly weakened a lot, and the extremely uncomfortable feeling that lingered in everyone's hearts disappeared in an instant.
The interior of the straw shed was very simple, with only a bare wooden pillar.
This pillar was also quite old, and the surface had decayed into a fist-sized hole, as if it could break at any time.
"As expected of the Wailing Path. It gives people so much pressure without seeing anything," Rat King Sheng Tian said in a serious voice.
"If we really see something, we won't be able to talk here." Fuxi showed a helpless smile.
Elder Ying breathed a sigh of relief and asked, "How long do we have to stay on the Wailing Path before we can pass?"
"One day on the Wailing Path is 32 hours. We can stay for about three days," Nuwa replied.
Luo Zheng was still looking at the pillar, but when he heard this, he looked up and asked, "As long as we're safe for three days?"
"Yes." Nuwa nodded. "We'll stay here for three days and go back the way we came, then we'll naturally enter Shang Qing Sky."
"It turns out that the Wailing Path is so easy …" After hearing the rules of passing, Blood Lion looked very surprised.
The Immortal Hunters also had their own ways to go to Shang Qing Sky, and they even had more than one way.
But no matter which way they chose, they had to pay extraordinary courage and strength.
In contrast, the Wailing Path was too easy …
"It can't be that simple." Blood Crow shook his head. "Otherwise, so many alien races and Immortal Realm experts would choose this path, and this path wouldn't be called the strangest one. Don't forget that there are so many treacherous things outside."
At the mention of treacherous things, everyone's hearts became heavy again.
"What exactly are treacherous things?" Rat King Sheng Tian asked again.
Except for Fuxi, Nuwa, and the three Immortal Hunters, the others had no idea what the enemies on the Wailing Path were or what treacherous things were.
"Treacherous things don't have a specific image, they …" Nuwa seemed to want to stop using words to describe those things. After thinking for a while, she said, "It doesn't matter. When it gets darker, everyone will be able to see them."

Chapter 3577
The light in this village was already very dim, and it didn't take long for the sky to turn completely dark.
Originally, some light could be seen in the straw hut, but as the sky turned completely dark, the narrow straw hut also fell into darkness.
Fortunately, everyone's eyesight wasn't weak, and they could still see their surroundings clearly.
"Wuwuwu …"
After the sky turned completely dark, the howls outside grew louder and louder.
At this time, a ball of light appeared not far away. This ball of light was very bright, and even through the thick straw hut, everyone could see it clearly.
"Cover your ears!" Fuxi suggested.
After the ball of light appeared, an ear-piercing scream was immediately heard. "Wuwuwu …"
After a while, the screams gradually died down.
"This, this is a Shift?" Donghuang pointed at the ball of light outside the straw hut and asked.
Through the thick straw, everyone could see an irregularly shaped ball of light. The ear-piercing scream was also coming from this ball of light.
"Yes, they're starting to come out." Nuwa nodded.
After the first Shift came out of the straw hut, the second one followed closely behind.
Just like the first one, the second Shift also let out a miserable scream …
Then the third, the fourth, the fifth …
At first, everyone was able to endure the unbearable howls, but the endless screams made everyone feel even more pressured.
Donghuang, Rat King Sheng Tian, Elder Ying, and the others' faces turned green, and they even became a little restless.
"This sound won't last for the entire night, right?" Luo Zheng asked in a low voice.
Nuwa shook her head and smiled bitterly. "This is just the appetizer. These Shifts have a division of labor. Every night, they gather together and desperately howl. Even outside the Wailing Grounds, you can hear it."
The howls of Shifts were already so terrifying, and if all of them howled at the same time, it could drive people crazy.
This was no longer an ordinary howl, but a mental attack!
"How can we endure this?" Elder Ying said with a livid face.
"Just destroy your hearing," Fuxi said. "Everyone can use Divine Sense to communicate, and wait until the next morning to repair your ears."
Just as Fuxi said this, Elder Ying raised both hands and pierced her ears with two fingers.
With two streams of blood oozing out of her ears, Elder Ying's hearing had been destroyed. At the same time, her face began to show a comfortable expression, and the black and blue color quickly faded away.
Donghuang, Elder Gall, Sky Winning Rat King, Wing Monarch, and the three Immortal Hunters followed suit and destroyed their hearing.
Repairing a damaged sense of hearing was as easy as lifting a finger. Rather than saying that they were "destroying" their sense of hearing, it was better to say that they were temporarily "shutting off" their sense of hearing.
"Luo Zheng, can you still take it?" Nuwa glanced at Luo Zheng.
"It's still bearable." Luo Zheng nodded.
"Don't try to be brave. Those strange wails can't be understood with common sense. Those sounds can really make you collapse. When you can't take it anymore, it's better to destroy your hearing," Nuwa warned.
"Hmm …"
Just as Luo Zheng was nodding his head, Shift, the last one to walk out of the straw hut, let out a sharp wail, and the village immediately fell into silence.
Donghuang and the others' sense of hearing had been destroyed. They could no longer hear anything, but they were fine with it.
However, Luo Zheng and the others were not used to such a quiet environment when the sound suddenly stopped.
Fortunately, this sudden stop didn't last for long. It only lasted for five or six breaths.
Through the straw hut, they could see that the white balls of light had gathered in groups of three or five. An even louder wail once again resounded through the sky.
Although these wails weren't as sharp as before, before, they had been wailing one by one. Now, several of them were wailing at the same time. The power of these wails was even greater than before.
"Woo …"
The Heavenly Hound of Trigram let out a low growl and looked at Fuxi with a pitiful face.
Fuxi gently tapped the Heavenly Hound of Trigram's ears with two fingers, destroying its sense of hearing.
Next, it was Nuwa and Fuxi's turn.
Before Fuxi destroyed his own sense of hearing, he glanced at Luo Zheng again. "It's meaningless to force yourself. Hurry up and do it."
Although Luo Zheng's endurance was much stronger than the others, as the wails became louder and louder, he also felt more and more tortured.
After Fuxi's reminder, Luo Zheng nodded slightly and stretched out his fingers to poke his ears.
When two forces pierced his eardrums, one from the left and one from the right, there was a muffled rumble. Then, the whole world became quiet, and all the sounds had nothing to do with him.
However, at this time, Luo Zheng felt a cool sensation in his ears.
His sense of hearing was automatically restored in three breaths!
The extremely ear-piercing wails became louder and louder, quickly occupying Luo Zheng's mind. It was as if a chisel was drilling back and forth in his mind.
Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others were stunned when they saw Luo Zheng holding his head in pain.
"What's wrong, Luo Zheng?" Nuwa asked with her divine sense.
"My sense of hearing has been restored …" Luo Zheng endured the pain and replied with his divine sense.
"Restored …" Nuwa was also somewhat speechless.
She had previously seen that Luo Zheng's bloodline ability seemed to work sometimes, but sometimes not.
Now, it helped Luo Zheng restore his sense of hearing. Was it also due to the bloodline ability?
"Wuwuwu —"
The Shifters outside the straw hut once again let out resounding cries. This time, the wails were ten times louder than before.
While Luo Zheng's mind was in a mess, he gently tapped his ears again with two fingers. He instantly lost his sense of hearing, and the whole world returned to silence.
But this time, the recovery was even faster …
The wails only paused for a moment before they resounded in Luo Zheng's ears again.
"Again!"
Luo Zheng stabbed his ears again.
But this time, he didn't even have time to feel pain before his ears were restored …
Everyone watched as Luo Zheng continuously stabbed himself with a baffled expression. They used their divine sense to ask Nuwa, and after they understood the general reason, they were also speechless. At the same time, they also looked at him with sympathy.
After continuously stabbing himself and restoring himself hundreds of times, Luo Zheng finally chose to give up and let those wails pour into his ears.
At this stage, the Origin Divine Blood couldn't replace him. Otherwise, it wouldn't have needed to use such a troublesome method. It must have other reasons for doing this …
Luo Zheng gritted his teeth and sat cross-legged with a serious expression.
Since he couldn't avoid it, he could only endure it.
Fuxi and Nuwa didn't know how powerful those Shifters' wails were. Every night, they destroyed their sense of hearing, so they hadn't really experienced it.
In less than an hour, the intense pain brought about by the wails was already unbearable for Luo Zheng. And this night, which lasted for twenty hours, was an unimaginable torment.
Everyone stared at Luo Zheng with worried expressions, and a trace of vigilance appeared on their faces.
If those Shifters discovered that there was an outsider here, they would undoubtedly die.
If Luo Zheng couldn't bear the torment and wanted to tear down the straw hut, they would have to act immediately to stop him.
But Luo Zheng's pain only lasted for about four hours. After four hours, the painful expression on his face gradually calmed down and was replaced by a suspicious expression.
Those wails changed and were replaced by a kind of low chanting sound!

Chapter 3578
Fuxi had been closely observing Luo Zheng. Seeing that Luo Zheng's painful expression gradually calmed down, Fuxi was very curious.
"Luo Zheng, did you seal your hearing?" Fuxi communicated with him with his Divine Sense.
Luo Zheng was still carefully listening to the low chanting. When he heard Fuxi's question, he shook his head and said, "No."
"Then you don't seem to be in pain anymore …" Fuxi was even more surprised.
"The wailing is gone. The Shifters you mentioned seem to be chanting something now," Luo Zheng replied.
"What are they chanting?" Fuxi's eyebrows suddenly raised.
Before Fuxi and Nuwa passed through the Wailing Path, they had made careful preparations.
After all, on the way to Shang Qing Tian, they would die if they were not careful.
When they hid in the straw hut, they also sealed their hearing, but in order to know the movements of the outside world, Fuxi took out a mouse from his Spirit Beast Pouch every once in a while.
The wails in the Wailing Path were very powerful. These mice were also captured in the Grand Clear Heaven and were close relatives of the Terror Mice. Although they couldn't be considered a 'foreign race', they weren't too weak either.
But this mouse lasted less than three breaths of time before its eyes turned blood red. Then its head burst and died under the crazy struggle.
The Wailing Path had 12 hours during the day and 20 hours at night.
Every two hours, Fuxi would release a mouse for testing.
The result was that the wailing lasted until the 20 hours until dawn.
After dawn, when the mice released by Fuxi were intact, Fuxi and Nuwa dared to restore their hearing.
Judging from the mice's reaction, the wailing of the Shifters would last all night.
Luo Zheng said that the wailing had stopped now, which was impossible.
But Luo Zheng's reaction explained everything. He did not show any pain at all.
Did something happen to the Shifters on the Wailing Path?
Fuxi's heart moved slightly. He reached out and gently wiped his ears. With a flash of green light in his palm, his hearing returned to normal.
He was too trusting of Luo Zheng's reaction, but forgot that after Luo Zheng had a unique bloodline, he was a completely different life form from ordinary people.
The moment Fuxi's hearing recovered, the unbearable wailing poured directly into his mind.
Fuxi's eyes rolled back and he kept twitching.
"Do you want to die?"
Nuwa's expression changed dramatically. She quickly reached out her hands and pressed on Fuxi's ears. After destroying Fuxi's hearing again, Fuxi stopped twitching — he had completely fainted.
"What did you do?" Nuwa asked, puzzled.
Just now, Luo Zheng and Fuxi were communicating with each other through their Divine Sense. Naturally, Nuwa didn't know what they were talking about. She also didn't know why Fuxi was trying to restore his hearing.
Luo Zheng was equally confused when he saw Fuxi's reaction. He said, "These Anomalies are no longer wailing. Why is Senior Fuxi still unable to bear it?"
. "" No more wailing? "Nuwa frowned and stared at Luo Zheng." Maybe the sound you heard was different from ours? "
At this time, Fuxi slowly woke up. A resentful emotion was released through his Divine Sense. He glared fiercely at Luo Zheng. "Brat, are you trying to get me killed?"
Now, the wails of the Phantoms were extremely intense. If not for Nuwa's quick reaction, Fuxi's soul would have been severely injured. Staying in the wails for an incense stick's worth of time was more than enough to kill Fuxi!
"I was careless, Senior Fuxi." Luo Zheng apologized. "But I did hear chanting, and it was very rhythmic …"
Luo Zheng spread his words to everyone in the straw hut in the form of Divine Sense.
"Rhythmic chanting …"
"Do these Shifters have a language?"
"Your ears were burned by the wailing, weren't they?"
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the three Immortal Hunters all looked at Luo Zheng strangely.
The Shifters were creatures of unknown origin. They occasionally appeared in the Shang Qing Sky.
They seemed to be a collection of the resentment of some kind of creature. As for the purpose of their existence and why they came, no one knew. The more they couldn't figure out the origin of the Shifters, the more they were afraid of them.
"I didn't hear it wrong." Luo Zheng shook his head in response. "These rhythmic chanting sounds, as if …"
At this point, Luo Zheng's eyes suddenly flashed with a bright light. "As if they were chanting Sanskrit!"
The chanting sounds were rhythmic. Although there were no ups and downs in the voice, it was very similar to Sanskrit.
The voice of the bald giant "Bofan" from before was also rhythmic like singing.
It turned out that these Shifters were not wailing, but communicating in Sanskrit that they couldn't understand!
"Sanskrit?"
Everyone looked at each other.
"Haha." Blood Wolf waved his hand. "Let's not talk about whether the Shifters understand Sanskrit or not. Even if they did, you wouldn't understand it."
It was impossible to confirm a language that they couldn't understand. Blood Wolf felt that Luo Zheng had said something nonsense.
"Not necessarily." Nuwa showed a smile on her face. "He just happens to understand it."
Blood Wolf, Blood Lion, and Blood Crow's eyes widened in unison, showing an expression that said, "Are you kidding me?"
The Immortal Hunters wandered in the Shang Qing Sky all year round and had a good understanding of Sanskrit.
It was possible to interpret the engraved Sanskrit, but it was completely impossible to interpret the "Sanskrit" that was chanted.
That language contained too many meanings and was too complicated …
The creatures in the Chaos had natural limitations. Asking the creatures in the Chaos to interpret the "Sanskrit" was like asking a mute to speak or a blind to draw. This was beyond their knowledge.
Donghuang and Elder Ying also looked at Luo Zheng with strange eyes. They didn't know many things that happened in the Nirvana Realm, so they naturally didn't know when Luo Zheng had such an ability.
"I'm not sure if I can understand it, but I can try," Luo Zheng said.
Perhaps the Shifters weren't speaking the "Sanskrit," so the Tianzhi civilization naturally didn't have the ability to decipher it.
Soon, Luo Zheng communicated with the Tianzhi civilization.
He didn't dare to let the Tianzhi civilization listen to the cries from the outside world directly. Instead, he transmitted the sounds he heard into the Inner World.
After the Tianzhi civilization's Instrument of Civilization was ready, it began to decipher the chanting sounds.
At the same time, the Tianzhi core on the second floor of the Yu Sheng-tian system began to operate wildly …
This time, it took quite a long time to decipher. After a long time, the Tianzhi civilization's Instrument of Civilization transmitted a voice. "These sounds are indeed Sanskrit."
"Then what are they saying?" Luo Zheng hurriedly asked.
"Most of the sounds are meaningless. They might be scriptures in some kind of ritual. They're being chanted over and over again," the Tianzhi civilization's Instrument of Civilization replied.
"Some kind of scripture …" Luo Zheng was a little disappointed.
At that moment, the Instrument of Civilization added, "Other than those meaningless scriptures, there's also a sentence mixed in."
"What is it?" Luo Zheng's spirit suddenly jolted.
"They keep shouting 'come back quickly.' It seems like they're missing one of their kind, so they keep calling for their kind to return," the Instrument of Civilization said.

Chapter 3579
Come back quickly …
Since the Tianzhi civilization had deciphered Shift's words, it meant that they were indeed speaking Sanskrit. Sui {Dream} Xiao Bian. com
But who were these strange creatures calling out to?
While Luo Zheng was pondering, Nuwa asked, "How is it? Do you understand what they are saying?"
"I don't understand most of the words. It seems to be some kind of scripture." Luo Zheng paused for a moment and realized that everyone was looking at him.
Only the Winged Monarch, Fuxi, and Nuwa completely believed that Luo Zheng could understand Sanskrit.
Fuxi and Nuwa knew what had happened in Yu Sheng-tian, and the Winged Monarch was bound to Luo Zheng's Weapon of Civilization. Naturally, he was also clear about it.
As for the others, even Donghuang was skeptical. After all, Donghuang and Elder Ying had been rescued and had not properly understood what had happened during this period.
"Are they just chanting scriptures?" Fuxi asked.
"In addition to the scriptures, there is another sentence. They are calling for the return of a certain companion," Luo Zheng said truthfully.
"Could it be that you heard it wrong?" Blood Wolf next to him laughed.
The Immortal Hunters did not believe Luo Zheng's words at all. Looking at Luo Zheng's serious look, they concluded that Luo Zheng was pretending to be mysterious.
Luo Zheng did not care about the sarcasm in Blood Wolf's words. Instead, he shook his head and said, "There is no possibility that I heard it wrong."
Deciphering through the Tianzhi core was not a blind guess.
This was because there were only two results of deciphering. Either it could not be deciphered or it could be deciphered accurately.
Since the Tianzhi core could decipher it accurately, the answer was correct.
"Oh, you are so confident." Blood Lion's eyes flashed.
But at this moment, Nuwa suddenly said, "That's right. They are indeed missing a companion, so they continue to call."
Blood Wolf questioned, "You don't know Shift that well. You just passed the Wailing Path by luck. How do you know this?"
Blood Wolf had seen that Fuxi and Nuwa had not actually come into direct contact with Shift. They had been hiding in the straw shed like this before. After three days, they waited for Shift to disperse and then sneaked away.
In contrast, Blood Wolf had seen Shift with his own eyes in Shang Qing Heaven. He believed that he knew more about Shift than anyone present.
Nvywa understood the meaning of Blood Wolf's words and smiled. "Because there are two hundred straw sheds here. Each straw shed used to have a Creepy, so there were two hundred Creepy. Now there are only one hundred ninety-nine Creepy. One less Creepy means one more straw shed."
As she spoke, she pointed at the straw hut that everyone was in. This was the extra straw hut.
In the past, the reason why the Wailing Path was so difficult to pass was because Shift was an existence that could not be resisted.
Regardless of how many Sempiternal realm cultivators there were, if the Otherworldly Demons chose this path, they would all be wiped out.
This also made the Wailing Path's notoriety spread far and wide.
But now there was one less Shift on the Wailing Path and one more straw shed. This meant that there was one more loophole on the Wailing Path. They were now using this loophole to pass through the Wailing Path.
After Nvywa's explanation, Blood Wolf immediately understood. When he looked at Luo Zheng again, there was a strange color in his eyes.
Luo Zheng could really understand Sanskrit.
"As Luo Zheng said, they are calling for their companions to return. If that Shift really returns, won't we be in trouble?" Winning Sky Rat King suddenly asked.
Fuxi chuckled. "They haven't returned for many years. What a coincidence, they're returning today."
Nvywa and Fuxi did have this concern before, so they were very nervous when they couldn't find an empty straw shed. But now, there was no need to worry.
During these twenty hours, everyone was deaf.
Luo Zheng listened to the chanting.
The Tianzhi core was also operating, trying its best to help Luo Zheng decipher a few words.
But these Shifts were obviously very paranoid.
For nearly twenty hours, they had been chanting scriptures, and there was almost no communication between them.
At the end of the last two hours, the sky was already bright, and a faint light came in from outside the straw shed.
The Anomalies that were active outside returned to their straw huts one after another. Only then did the Anomalies communicate with each other. Luo Zheng could hear every word that they said.
At this time, a Shift walked toward the straw shed where Luo Zheng and the others were. As the Shift got closer and closer, everyone's expression became more and more nervous.
"What should we do?" Winning Sky Rat King hurriedly communicated with Divine Sense.
Nvywa made a gesture. At this distance, they should try not to communicate with Divine Sense to avoid being detected by the Shift.
Then she carefully walked to the edge of the straw shed. When the Shift was close enough to open the straw shed, Nvywa grabbed the edge of the straw shed and pressed it down. The Shift tried to open it, but it didn't. It gave up and turned to look for other straw sheds.
Only after Sly Treacherous had walked far away did everyone's hearts finally calm down …
Soon, the sky was completely bright. Nvywa let everyone recover their hearing and then opened the straw shed.
Everyone filed out of the straw shed. After being confined in that small space for twenty hours, they felt a little uncomfortable and stretched their bodies.
"Staying like this for three days and going directly to Shang Qing Heaven is the easiest way in history," Blood Wolf sighed.
"I remember the first time we went to Shang Qing Heaven, half of us died …" Blood Lion was a little sad. Every Immortal Hunter was an elite, but they had to pay such a high price to go to Shang Qing Heaven.
While everyone was taking a breather, Nvywa noticed that Luo Zheng's face was a little gloomy. "Luo Zheng, what's wrong?"
Everyone's eyes gathered on him again.
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment and then asked, "Is it really impossible to kill the Shift?"
"It's impossible to kill it," Blood Wolf answered first. "Even if it's killed, it will come back to life after a while. It's impossible for it to disappear between heaven and earth."
The Shift was a true immortal existence in the Sanqing Heaven.
"What did you hear this time?" Nvywa asked.
"Just now, those Shifts exchanged a few words. Their companion is trapped outside the Wailing Path, which is Shang Qing Heaven," Luo Zheng replied.
"They should be trapped and have been trapped for many years." Fuxi nodded.
"But the recently trapped Shift has been killed. They're trying to find a way to resurrect it tonight …" Luo Zheng continued.
After he said this, everyone fell silent for a while.
Nvywa stared at Luo Zheng nervously. "Are you sure?"
"I'm sure." Luo Zheng nodded.
Victorious Sky Rat King's expression became very ugly. "If that Shift is resurrected, there won't be any extra straw sheds, right?"
Nvywa and Fuxi's expressions also became very serious.
One more Shift meant that they had lost their hiding place.
If they were discovered by the Shifts, they would definitely be besieged. For everyone, it was basically a dead end!
Donghuang frowned and asked, "Then do we still have a chance to get out now?"
"If we don't get out of the Wailing Path in three days, we can neither enter Shang Qing Heaven nor return to Tai Qing Heaven. We will only be lost in that plain of no return forever," Nvywa said.
"Then what should we do now?" Old Ying's face showed a worried expression.
Nvywa glanced at the straw sheds, her eyes showing a determined look. "The only thing we can do now is to kill another Shift."

Chapter 3580
If that Shift resurrected and couldn't find its corresponding straw hut, it would definitely find them.
Then, they would probably be besieged by 200 Shifts.
With the strength of these Shifts, their chances of survival were slim.
Facing one Shift, they might still have a chance.
Nuwa's judgment was very decisive.
"Are you sure you can take down one Shift?" Blood Wolf smiled.
"What else can I do? Surrender? "Fuxi asked with a gloomy face.
"I don't mean to look down on you." Blood Wolf glanced at Fuxi indifferently. "There used to be a foreign race called the 'Hu Tiger Race' in Taiqing Heaven. They were very strong. Even the Elemental Spirit Civilization didn't dare to provoke them. They were our friends …"
Although Immortal Hunters were loners, it wasn't as if they didn't have any friends in Sanqing Heaven.
The Hu Tiger Race could be considered friends of the Immortal Hunters.
Once, dozens of Hu Tiger Race members fell into the Vicious Well, and it was the Immortal Hunters who rescued them.
With this life-saving grace, the Hu Tiger Race was willing to protect the Immortal Hunters forever.
When the Immortal Hunters were hunted to a dead end, they would seek refuge with the Hu Tiger Race to avoid being wiped out several times.
It was such a foreign race that even the Elemental Spirit Civilization didn't dare to provoke that was killed by a Shift!
At that time, the Immortal Hunters stayed in the Hu Tiger Race's tribe. At first, when they heard that Shift was coming, the Immortal Hunters didn't think much of it. After all, the Hu Tiger Race was at its peak at that time.
Even the Immortal Hunters who came to ask for the Hu Tiger Race were driven away by the Hu Tiger Race. Who in Taiqing Heaven dared to provoke them?
Soon, the Immortal Hunters realized that they were wrong.
Shift's strength was far beyond their imagination.
At that time, the Immortal Hunters only saw a glimpse of Shift's form. It was a spiritual body that was constantly changing.
After this Eerie Shift charged into the tribe, it immediately exploded. Following which, blood-red flames spread out.
Most of the Hu Tiger Race members didn't have a chance to escape and were directly swallowed by the flames.
The Immortal Hunters were at the periphery of the tribe. When they saw the spreading flames, they turned and ran. Even so, three Immortal Hunters were still swallowed by the flames. One of them was only touched by the flames.
This Immortal Hunter seemed to have been cursed. His body became wrinkled, and his soul turned grayish-white. He decayed day by day. Even if he injected life force, it was useless. He only died after a few months.
From then on, the Immortal Hunters had a better understanding of Shift's true strength.
After Blood Wolf finished talking about the past, the faces of Donghuang, Elder Ying, Rat King Sheng Tian, and even Nuwa and Fuxi became extremely ugly again.
Nuwa and Fuxi knew that Shift was terrifying, but they didn't expect it to be this terrifying.
"If that's the case, we're dead for sure?" Donghuang asked.
There was simply no way to resist such a powerful Treachery …
"Not all Shift monsters are that strong. There should be a way to deal with them," Luo Zheng suddenly said.
"How do you know?" Donghuang asked again.
Luo Zheng pointed to the straw huts in the distance and said, "Someone must have done something to that Creepy here and sent it to Shang Qing Heaven."
The Shift in the Wailing Path definitely wouldn't have escaped for no reason. Someone must have sent it to Shang Qing Heaven. Since the predecessors could do it, the people behind them could naturally do it as well.
"Yes, the previous Shift was also taken away by someone. We may have a chance." Nuwa agreed to kill a Shift.
Blood Lion asked, "Luo Zheng, are you sure that Shift will be resurrected tonight?"
Luo Zheng shook his head. "I'm not completely sure. I only heard a few words. They want that Shift to be resurrected tonight, but they may not be able to do it."
Hearing this, everyone fell into hesitation.
Looking at the situation, the probability of it being resurrected tonight was not high. But once it was resurrected, everyone would suffer a disaster.
If they took the initiative to fight, the difficulty would not be small …
At this time, the Wing King, who didn't talk much, suddenly said, "Don't pin your hopes on others. Handing over the initiative is equivalent to stretching out your neck to be killed!"
Once, the Green Jade Civilization had placed their hopes on the Wu Kong Clan, hoping that they would be merciful. In the end, the Green Jade Civilization had paid a heavy price.
"The Wing King is right. When night comes, we won't even have a chance to resist," Fuxi also nodded.
Winning Sky Rat King stared at the Blood Lion and Blood Crow brothers. "Don't you have that Black Sun? Won't it be over once and for all if a Shift is sucked into the Black Sun? "
Although the Black Sun had a lot of limitations, it was very convenient to deal with these individuals.
"We can try." Blood Lion nodded. He already had this idea in his heart, so he wanted to confirm it with Luo Zheng.
"The strength of each Shift is different," Blood Wolf said. "We still have enough time. I hope we can choose an easy opponent."
The daytime on the Wailing Path was 12 hours long. There was indeed enough time.
The matter of choosing an opponent naturally had to be handed over to the most sensitive Heavenly Hound.
It was able to sense the threat of each enemy, which was naturally linked to the strength of the enemy.
In front of the straw huts, the Heavenly Hound sniffed one by one. Every time it passed by a straw hut, a trace of panic would flash through its eyes. Then, without hesitation, it would go to the next straw hut.
More than 100 straw huts sniffed one by one. When it saw that there were only three straw huts left, the Heavenly Hound stopped and whispered, "This one."
That was an independent straw hut.
The aura coming from the straw hut was also very threatening.
But compared to the other Shifts, it was weaker.
"Get ready," Fuxi said to the three Immortal Hunters.
The three Immortal Hunters cooperated seamlessly. Blood Wolf entangled the Shift, and Blood Lion and Blood Crow sucked it in. If everything went well, it would only take a moment.
The others stood a little further away, forming an encirclement to deal with sudden accidents.
After everyone destroyed their hearing again, the Blood Lion and the Blood Crow summoned the Black Sun.
Blood Wolf turned into a spider web and blocked in front of the straw hut.
"Who will open the straw hut?" Blood Crow asked.
Everyone looked hesitant.
"I'll do it." Luo Zheng stood up without hesitation.
He walked straight to the straw hut, reached out, grabbed a corner of the straw hut, and opened it bit by bit.
The village in the vast white fog seemed unusually quiet. At this moment, everyone could even hear their own heartbeats clearly.
After Luo Zheng opened more than half of the straw hut, everyone saw a strange-shaped thing lying on the ground.
It looked like a ball of white liquid, but it had hands, feet, and a head.
The face on the head had two black holes, which gave people a deep sense of fear when they stared at it.
"This is the Shift …"
"Is it asleep?"
"That aura is so oppressive …"
Without the straw hut blocking them, everyone faced the Shift directly and felt even more oppressed.
The Shift seemed to be the nemesis of all creatures, and it could naturally suppress other creatures.

Chapter 3581
This Shift did not seem to be on guard at all, and was completely in a deep sleep.
Since ancient times, very few people dared to choose the path of wailing, so naturally, very few people dared to challenge Shift.
They did not need to be too vigilant, which also gave Luo Zheng and his party an opportunity.
"Hiss …"
Long strands of silk swept towards Shift.
These spider threads were almost weightless and were difficult to detect when they fell on Shift's body like dust.
After a short while, Shift was wrapped tightly.
"Whoosh …"
The black sun in front of Blood Lion and Blood Crow suddenly rotated, and at the same time, a powerful suction force burst out.
This suction force acted on Shift and directly dragged it out of the straw shed!
That seemingly soft body was really like water. It strangely lost its shape, like a ball of sticky glue.
"Whoosh!"
Almost without any struggle, it was directly sucked into the black sun.
Then Blood Lion and Blood Crow separated their hands, and the black sun disappeared …
Such a terrible Shift was solved in a short time.
"That Shift was taken in?" Donghuang asked with his divine sense.
"It should be," Elder Ying nodded.
Wing King slowly retracted his spread wings.
When dealing with Shift, he would open up a space. If Shift let out a wailing sound to call its companions, he would use that space to block the wailing sound. Of course, whether it could really block the sound was another matter.
The spider threads once again formed Blood Wolf's body. He glanced at Blood Lion and Blood Wolf and said with a dignified expression, "You two, separate a little!"
In the past, the two brothers' black suns had never failed, but in the face of Luo Zheng, they finally had a chance to fail.
Although Shift was sucked in, it was better to be careful when dealing with something that was beyond common sense.
If Shift had the same ability as Luo Zheng and could force the separated black suns back together, the situation would become very bad.
Blood Crow and Blood Lion nodded and left in the opposite direction at the same time.
But before Blood Crow took a few steps, a white thing suddenly drilled out from behind him.
This sticky mass was none other than Eerie's body from before!
"Blood Crow!" Blood Wolf next to him pointed behind him and roared at the same time. In a hurry, Blood Wolf forgot that everyone present had damaged their hearing, and only Luo Zheng could hear it.
The Blood Crow didn't know what the Blood Wolf meant.
Behind him, the white mass gradually bulged and slowly extended to the top of the Blood Crow's head. Then, two hollow eyeballs appeared!
It was unknown what method Shift had used, but before the black sun closed, it had emerged from the space of the black sun!
"Up there! Above your head! "
Nuwa, who was relatively calm, transmitted the message to the Blood Crow.
Xue Ya raised his head to look, and his face instantly turned deathly pale.
This thing was actually attached to his back!
Eerie Shift was originally crawling slowly behind the Blood Crow like a snail, but when it realized that the Blood Crow had seen it, its head turned into a bolt of lightning and charged towards the Blood Crow's face!
"Swish swish swish …"
It actually went into the Blood Crow's eyes, nostrils, mouth, and ears.
In the blink of an eye, its huge body had completely entered the Blood Crow's body!
"Brother! No! "
The Blood Lion's eyes almost popped out of their sockets when he saw this.
With such a fast speed, not to mention others being unable to help, even if they wanted to help, it would be too late.
After a while, Xue Ya's pupils turned pale white, and he stood motionless on the spot.
Everyone present formed a circle and kept a certain distance from the Blood Crow.
Then, the Blood Crow suddenly opened its mouth to Luo Zheng, obviously wanting to make a sound!
"Buzz!"
Wisps of green light floated out of the Wing King's spread wings. These green lights formed a circular spatial passport that enveloped everyone present.
Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others looked around. Their only hope now was that the wails of the "Blood Crow" would not awaken the other Eerie Shifts.
After a while, there was no response from the straw huts …
"It's effective!"
Everyone's hearts relaxed.
Although they weren't sure if the space had really blocked out Shift's wails, it was a fact that no other Eerie Shifts had awakened.
However, the big trouble in front of them still hadn't been resolved!
Seeing Shift wailing at Luo Zheng, Nuwa transmitted her voice with her consciousness, "Luo Zheng, can you understand what it's saying?"
"I'm still deciphering it," Luo Zheng replied.
The space of the black sun couldn't trap Shift, and the situation suddenly became troublesome.
"Should we kill it?" Fuxi asked.
"No!"
Blood Lion immediately shook his head. At this moment, Blood Lion was the most desperate. Seeing his brother being possessed by Shift, he even wanted to die.
"Then what do you think we should do?" Fuxi asked.
Shift's strength was unfathomable. Even if they had the upper hand, they might not necessarily win.
If they really waited for Shift to make a move, everyone would only be more passive.
"I don't care. Whoever touches my brother is my enemy." Blood Lion stared coldly at Fuxi. He obviously wouldn't let anyone hurt Blood Crow.
"Blood Lion, calm down," Blood Wolf advised. "That's no longer Blood Crow!"
There were many monsters in Sanqing Heaven that could possess bodies.
Taiqing Heaven's Soul-Hooking Fire, Shang Qing Heaven's Blood Swamp's Soul Leeches, and …
Once these things possessed a body, the body would be declared dead.
Shift was much more terrifying than those things. Now that Shift had entered Blood Crow's body, how could Blood Crow possibly survive?
It was very likely that Blood Crow was now just a corpse!
"But, but …"
While Blood Lion stammered and didn't know what to do, Blood Crow, who had been standing in place and wailing, suddenly rushed toward Luo Zheng.
"Do it!"
Fuxi no longer hesitated. He stretched out his palm and suddenly pressed down.
An Eight Trigrams seal descended from Blood Crow's head.
Fuxi had used all his strength in this palm. He was determined to keep Blood Crow here.
Unexpectedly, Blood Crow just stretched out his hand and gently pointed upward. He didn't even see him touch the Eight Trigrams, but the Eight Trigrams had already shattered!
Fuxi's all-out palm was casually broken by Blood Crow.
"Swish, swish, swish …"
Nuwa's shadow also stretched out numerous tendrils and wrapped them around the Blood Crow.
Rat King Sheng Tian, Donghuang, and Elder Ying also used their unique skills.
In this small green space, the powerful energy released a terrifying pressure.
But Blood Crow, who was possessed by Shift, had an incredible ability. Blood Crow just stretched out his hand and pointed, and any energy that approached him dissipated with a loud bang. It couldn't hurt Blood Crow at all.
Luo Zheng saw Blood Crow coming straight for him. His eyes flashed with a fierce look. His body suddenly sank. Instead of retreating, he moved forward and punched Blood Crow's head.
"Da!"
Luo Zheng's body had been transformed by the Origin Divine Blood. How exaggerated was the power of this punch?
But Blood Crow just stretched out a finger and touched the surface of Luo Zheng's fist.
At this moment, Luo Zheng's power dissipated completely like an ox in a muddy sea …
"Retreat!"
Luo Zheng's pupils shrank slightly. He wanted to retreat.
But Blood Crow grabbed Luo Zheng's fist with a backhand. Blood Crow didn't seem to use much force, but Luo Zheng couldn't break free!
"Gurgle …"
The next moment, white things kept coming out of Blood Crow's eyes, nostrils, mouth, and ears. That was Shift's body!
Shift's empty eye sockets also appeared. He sized up Luo Zheng and revealed a strange smile. Soon after, he drilled into Luo Zheng's eyes, ears, mouth, and nose.

Chapter 3582
"Plop …"
Xue Ya, who had lost consciousness, fell to the ground without any support.
Luo Zheng hung his head and stood motionless. Xue Ya, who had been possessed by Treachery, also did not move. It seemed that Treachery was invading Luo Zheng's body.
"Brother!"
Xue Shi did not care about anything else. He went forward and dragged Xue Ya out.
The others' attention was not on Xue Ya. They were all staring at Luo Zheng.
Everyone present knew that Luo Zheng was the most important!
"What should we do?" Donghuang asked with a sullen face.
"We have to find a way to expel Treachery!" Rat King Sheng Tian said anxiously.
Nuwa's eyes narrowed. She took light steps and arrived in front of Luo Zheng. She opened her hands and a pink flower lantern appeared in her hands.
"Soul Seizing Flower Lantern!"
Everyone's eyes lit up when they saw the pink flower lantern.
The Soul Seizing Flower in the Soul Seizing Flower Lantern could forcibly draw souls out of the body.
Even a Holy Soul would find it difficult to resist.
Although the Soul Seizing Flower Lantern was powerful, it had a lot of limitations. It needed to be very close to be effective.
Naturally, there was no such opportunity in battle, so the Soul Seizing Flower Lantern could not be used in actual combat.
Luo Zheng was possessed by Treachery, so it was indeed suitable to use the Soul Seizing Flower Lantern …
But the biggest problem was whether Treachery was a kind of soul. Would the Soul Seizing Flower Lantern be effective?
Nuwa did not have much time to consider.
The pink Soul Seizing Flower in the Soul Seizing Flower Lantern began to flicker, and wisps of pink smoke floated out of the flower lantern.
"Whoosh!"
Nuwa blew a puff of air at the smoke.
The pink smoke blew towards Luo Zheng's face and entered Luo Zheng's eyes, ears, mouth, and nose.
Then, Nuwa paid attention to the Soul Seizing Flower Lantern.
The pink light in the flower lantern grew brighter and brighter, and the Soul Seizing Flower bloomed.
But when it bloomed to the extreme, the light suddenly dimmed, and the petals began to wither rapidly.
"Now!"
Nuwa grabbed the Soul Seizing Flower Lantern and pulled it back.
She pulled it with great force, as if it was connected to something in Luo Zheng's mind.
"Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh …"
Wisps of pink smoke came out of Luo Zheng's eyes, ears, mouth, and nose.
If everything went well, the pink smoke would pull Shift out as well.
But the result disappointed Nuwa …
Other than the smoke, nothing else was pulled out.
"Hu!"
Nvywa was unwilling to give up. She blew the pink smoke into Luo Zheng's eyes, ears, mouth, and nose. She wanted to try a second time.
After all, the pink smoke did "hook" something, but it just couldn't pull it out …
But this time, before Nuwa could pull him back, Luo Zheng suddenly opened his eyes.
His eyes had disappeared …
What replaced it was a pair of pure white eyes.
"Hu!"
Boom!
Luo Zheng casually threw a punch at Nuwa.
At such a close distance, Nuwa was completely defenseless. Naturally, she couldn't avoid Luo Zheng's punch.
Even though it was just a casual punch, the power contained within it was extremely terrifying.
Nuwa groaned and flew backward like a kite with a broken string. She didn't stop until she hit the circular space wall created by the Wing Monarch.
Luo Zheng opened his mouth and made the same action as the Blood Crow, as if he was wailing.
Then, he turned around and punched the green space wall.
"Whoosh!"
The Wing Monarch's space wall shattered.
"Whoosh …"
Then, Luo Zheng took a step and ran toward the exit of the village.
"What does he want to do?"
"This Shift doesn't want to wake up the other Shifts …"
"Is he going to leave the Land of Love?"
Everyone wanted to chase after him.
But on the one hand, Luo Zheng was astonishingly fast. On the other hand, Shift's strength far exceeded everyone's.
Previously, when Shift possessed the Blood Crow, it easily broke through many Immortal Realm supernatural powers. Now that it possessed Luo Zheng, its strength would only be stronger.
In just a few breaths, Luo Zheng had already rushed out of the two rows of fences on the Wailing Path and disappeared into the vast white fog.
Victorious Sky Rat King, Donghuang, and the others stood in place and stared blankly at Luo Zheng's disappearing figure for a while.
They couldn't accept such an unforeseen event …
"It's not the third day yet. If he rushed out like this, wouldn't he get lost in the wilderness?" Victorious Sky Rat King asked anxiously.
Fuxi hurried over to treat Nuwa's injuries. He looked back and said coldly, "In theory, that's the case, but there might be exceptions."
After all, the Wailing Path belonged to Shift. Perhaps Shift wouldn't get lost after leaving the Wailing Path.
But so what if it didn't get lost?
Luo Zheng was possessed by Deceit, so how could he possibly survive?
Nuwa was seriously injured. She lowered her pale face and her fine eyelashes kept trembling. Even with her wisdom, she couldn't think of any solution. Deep despair coiled around her heart.
Everyone stopped talking and the atmosphere became very gloomy. At this moment, a cough came from the side.
"Cough, cough. What's wrong with me …"
Just as everyone was unusually depressed, the Blood Crow lying in the Blood Lion's arms suddenly woke up.
"Brother, you're awake!" The Blood Lion's face was full of joy.
Everyone turned their heads in unison. Xue Ya also looked at the others with some surprise in his eyes. When Xue Ya recalled his previous experience, his expression suddenly changed. He touched his face and found that he was unscathed.
"Brother, you're fine. Shift came out of your body!" The Blood Lion quickly explained.
The Blood Lion thought that the Blood Crow was dead for sure. He never expected that Shift didn't devour his soul or destroy his body.
"The Blood Crow is fine …"
"If the Blood Crow is fine after being possessed by Shift, doesn't that mean Luo Zheng is also fine …"
"Luo Zheng still has a chance of surviving!"
After everyone saw the Blood Crow's physical condition, a glimmer of hope quietly ignited in their hearts.
At this moment, the silent Wing Monarch said, "I'm connected to the civilization tool of my Green Jade Civilization and can sense his location. When we get out of the Wailing Path, we'll go find Luo Zheng."
"That's how it should be," Fuxi nodded in agreement.
Although everyone felt that there wasn't much hope of finding Luo Zheng, there was still a glimmer of hope.
Now that there was one less Shift in the Wailing Path, even if the other Shift was really resurrected at night, there would be an empty straw shed here.
Several hours passed …
The Wailing Path fell into darkness again.
After Fuxi's treatment, Nuwa's injuries were mostly healed.
Everyone destroyed their hearing again and hid in the straw shed.
Through the straw shed, they saw Shift flickering with white light appear one after another.
Nuwa's eyes flashed, and she concentrated on counting the number of Shift.
She counted several times. There were 198 Shift monsters outside. She had lost two of them.
The one missing was the one that didn't resurrect and the one that was attached to Luo Zheng's body.
The night passed. When the sky began to brighten and the Shift returned to the straw shed, the number was still 198.
That Shift didn't resurrect tonight …
Donghuang, Fuxi, Rat King Sheng, and the others all looked regretful.
They shouldn't have chosen to take action.
Unfortunately, this kind of thing could only be known after experiencing it. The conclusion afterward was meaningless.
In this way, they only had one night left.
After this night, they would be able to leave and enter Shang Qing Sky tomorrow morning.

Chapter 3583
This was the first time Donghuang, Elder Ying, Rat King Sheng, and Yi Wang had set foot in Shang Qing Tian.
Especially Yi Wang, who had strength but had never entered Shang Qing Tian.
Logically speaking, they should be full of expectations.
But now that Luo Zheng had run away, everyone's hearts were very heavy, and naturally, they didn't have the mood.
Throughout the day, everyone was discussing the various possibilities after Luo Zheng left the Wailing Path, as well as how to find Luo Zheng.
Although discussing this matter in the village was somewhat of an armchair strategist, Luo Zheng's importance was self-evident.
Both Fuxi and Nuwa understood that the hope of the end now lay on Luo Zheng alone. If they could use their lives to exchange for Luo Zheng's, they would definitely not hesitate.
Twelve hours passed quickly.
The Wailing Path once again entered the night …
The Phantoms let out wails again.
On the third night, Nuwa was still counting the number of Phantoms.
At first, she counted one hundred and ninety-eight.
But after four hours, Nuwa suddenly found that a portion of the Phantoms were arranged in strange shapes on the Wailing Path.
They were circling in a circle!
Then, a little white light appeared in the circle!
Whether it was the Phantoms or the white light, the light emitted was very dazzling, like the sun in the dark night.
Through the thick straw hut, they could still see it clearly.
"What is that white light?"
"The white light is slowly growing bigger …"
After everyone saw the evolution of the white light, they immediately had a guess.
And when the growing white light became the size of the Phantoms, everyone was even more clear.
That Phantoms had been resurrected …
Luo Zheng's choice was right.
If they had a fluke mentality, they could have safely passed the second night.
But the third night was absolutely impossible!
With one less straw hut, the Phantoms would definitely discover the existence of this group of people and would definitely besiege them.
Facing two hundred Phantoms, they had no other choice but to die.
"Unfortunately, that Phantoms didn't come for me!" Elder Ying looked rather regretful.
She was willing to exchange her old life for Luo Zheng's safety.
This was not only for the sake of the End, but also for Ling Shuang.
Just as everyone was sighing, the Winged Monarch suddenly transmitted his divine consciousness. "These treacherous creatures don't seem to have any intelligence?"
Everyone looked at the Wings King strangely, not knowing why the Wings King had come to such a conclusion.
After all, Luo Zheng had already deciphered the conversation between the Shifters.
These Anomalies clearly had a mind of their own.
Moreover, they had even revived their companions. How could they not have intelligence?
"Why do you say that?" Nuwa raised her head and stared at the Winged King.
"There are two hundred Phantoms, and they don't know that one is missing," the Winged King said. "Moreover, when these Phantoms come across straw huts that they can't enter, they don't seem to enter the straw huts to verify. Instead, they directly choose other straw huts. This way of doing things is … very mechanical."
If it was a complete group, it would be impossible for the tribe to not react when Shift was missing. They would definitely try to search for it.
Previously, no one felt anything, but when the Wings King said this, everyone also felt that something was amiss.
"Now that you mention it, it's true," Fuxi said with a frown. "Every time a Shift comes to the straw hut, I gently suppress them and stop them from entering. None of them have ever entered the straw hut to investigate …"
"But how do you explain their revival of their companions?" The Blood Lion questioned.
"Perhaps reviving their companions is also their instinct?" The Wings King made a hypothesis.
"What about the Shift that attached itself to Luo Zheng? Doesn't it have intelligence? If it doesn't have intelligence, why did it run away? "The Blood Crow also asked.
Nuwa tilted her head and thought for a moment. "After that Shift discovered us, the best way was not to possess us and escape, but to directly wake up the other Phantoms and besiege us. This behavior is indeed very strange …"
In short, these Phantoms' behavior was indeed difficult to understand.
After safely passing the third night, everyone left the straw hut and once again walked to the entrance of the Wailing Path.
Two rows of fences still stood on the left and right, and in the distance, there was still rolling white fog.
"Let's go. Shang Qing Heaven is in front of us," Fuxi said confidently.
"Everyone, it's better for you to get on my back. I'm afraid that there will be some trouble guarding the entrance of the Wailing Path," the Wings King reminded them.
Although they had gotten rid of their pursuers in Tai Qing Heaven and the two Shadow people, the Shadow Imprint still remained on Nuwa and Donghuang.
This Shadow Imprint could last for five days, and during these five days, no method could remove it.
Once they entered Shang Qing Heaven through the Wailing Path, they would definitely be discovered.
"Wings King is right." Nuwa nodded.
Thus, everyone moved onto the Wings King's back again. The Wings King spread his wings and flew forward.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
After passing through the fence, the group of people traveled through the rolling white fog for a distance.
These two rows of fences were both the entrance and the exit.
One out and one in, they were two different worlds.
After the Wings King rushed out of the white fog, what appeared in front of him was a bumpy swamp.
Most swamps hid huge dangers, but the swamp in front of them was especially strange.
What was in those depressions was not ordinary water, but blood water.
"This is the Blood Swamp. Its area has expanded so much!" Nuwa looked surprised.
When the three Immortal Hunters saw the Blood Swamp, their expressions did not change much. Blood Wolf said, "The Blood Swamp begins to expand every 30 years, and after another 30 years, it will begin to shrink. Now is the expansion period, so it's normal for it to expand to the exit of the Wailing Path."
"It seems that the three of you have been to the Blood Swamp?" Fuxi asked.
Blood Wolf smiled with a hint of satisfaction. "Not only have we been here, we have hidden in the Blood Swamp for a long time, so we are very familiar with this swamp."
"If that's the case, please guide us." Nuwa cupped her hands at Blood Wolf.
"The most important thing is to find Luo Zheng," Blood Crow said.
The original purpose of the Immortal Hunters was to chase after Luo Zheng and the others.
The reason why they were willing to join this team was also because of Luo Zheng.
"Yes! Wings King said that he could sense the Weapon of Civilization. I wonder if he can sense Luo Zheng? "Nuwa asked.
"I'll try."
Wings King closed his eyes tightly, and a trace of green light slowly rose from the top of his head.
No matter how far away they were, he could communicate with the Weapon of Civilization. This was because the Weapon of Civilization of the Green Jade Civilization was special and was equivalent to a part of his body.
"Buzz …"
"Green Jade Spirit …" Wings King's voice came from the Weapon of Civilization.
"Wings King!" Green Jade Spirit responded immediately.
"Do you know where Luo Zheng is?" Wings King asked.
"After leaving the Wailing Path, he entered the Blood Swamp and ran all the way to the north. He hasn't stopped yet …" Green Jade Spirit's tone was a little anxious.
Obviously, Luo Zheng's current situation was also out of their control.

Chapter 3584
After Eerie entered Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng's body was no longer under his control.
Like flowing water, Eerie entered Luo Zheng's every meridian and bone, becoming a part of Luo Zheng's body.
Fortunately, Eerie didn't corrode Luo Zheng's soul …
He ran all the way out and stepped into the blood swamp.
Luo Zheng couldn't control his body. He couldn't do anything except watch "himself" run forward.
Splash … Splash … Splash …
Blood splashed in all directions in the Blood Swamp's depression.
While running, Luo Zheng could communicate with the world in his body.
"Senior Yuanshi Tianzun, what is this place? Why is there blood everywhere?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Blood swamp," Yuanshi Tianzun replied. "This place is very dangerous. If you're not careful, you might be buried here forever."
To Immortal Hunters familiar with the blood swamp, this place might not be so scary.
However, to strangers who accidentally entered the blood swamp, this place was hell.
A type of bright red leech was hidden in the blood swamp. This type of leech could perfectly merge with the blood swamp. It was difficult to detect it with Divine Perception.
Once it silently attached itself to a non-human or Immortal Hunter, it would enter the head and release poison to paralyze the target. Then, it would slowly devour the target's soul.
The scariest thing was that after the soul leech devoured the soul, it would temporarily occupy the host's body.
These soul leeches didn't have much ability to think. However, they would instinctively control the host and send them into the lizard's mouth.
The blood swamp also had a unique ecology.
The lizard was a kind of fat giant worm. It was also a top-notch killer lurking in the swamp.
Any living creature that passed by the lizard's nest would be dragged into the nest and devoured.
The lizard couldn't leave its nest. Its range of activity was limited. Apart from those "foreign" living creatures who didn't know about this, the native living creatures of the blood swamp would go around the lizard's nest. Therefore, the lizard needed the help of the soul leeches to hunt.
The Soul Leeches needed to suck the blood of the lizards to grow stronger. In order to obtain the lizards' rewards, they would constantly help the lizards hunt in exchange for the lizards' blood.
The blood in the blood swamp splashed everywhere. Naturally, a lot of it splashed onto Luo Zheng's body.
The Soul Leeches also silently attached themselves to his body and crawled toward his head.
Although these Soul Leeches were very small, Luo Zheng noticed them immediately.
"Senior Heavenly Primogenitor, there are many leeches crawling up here!" Luo Zheng said.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven was silent for a moment and then said, "It's the Soul Leech. These leeches can directly devour your soul!"
"With these little things?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"Yes, their ability is very magical. They are often undetectable …" The Primeval Lord of Heaven cautioned.
"Just clean it up!"
Before the Honoured Lord of the Origin finished his words, Luo Zheng's soul had already drilled out of his mind to clean up the Soul Leeches on his body.
He had already stepped into the Sacred Soul Realm. The strength of his soul was much stronger than most Chaotic Origin Realm experts. Hence, it was not a problem for him to kill these tiny insects.
"Weng!"
Luo Zheng's soul released a powerful soul suppression. This soul suppression turned into many small shadowless swords that shot towards the Soul Leeches.
"Da da da …"
These small shadowless swords were not weak. The Soul Leeches on Luo Zheng's body were immediately smashed into pieces.
After cleaning up the Soul Leeches on his head, Luo Zheng proceeded to clean his back, arms, and chest.
But during the process of Luo Zheng cleaning up, the blood in the swamp was stepped on and splattered in all directions. A portion of the blood splashed onto the surface of Luo Zheng's soul. The leeches hidden within the blood actually started to crazily gnaw on Luo Zheng's soul.
Even with nine Sacred Soul Engravings, Luo Zheng's soul could not withstand the gnawing of the Soul Leeches!
Luo Zheng felt the pain. He could only shrink back into his head.
"These leeches are so powerful!" Luo Zheng said while enduring the pain.
Just a moment ago, Luo Zheng's soul had suffered a lot of damage. He felt that half of his soul had been paralyzed.
"I haven't finished speaking yet, and you've already started," the Honoured Lord of Heaven said helplessly. "Let Zhurong deal with these things …"
As soon as he finished speaking, the God of Fire, Zhurong, appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
Zhurong's soul was wrapped in a thick layer of flames. The flames spread from his head all the way down, enveloping Luo Zheng's entire body. From afar, Luo Zheng looked like a running man on fire.
The Soul Leeches on Luo Zheng's body were naturally burned to ashes by the flames. The blood that splashed onto him was also evaporated by the flames.
While cleaning up the Soul Leeches, Shift was still controlling Luo Zheng's body to run forward without stopping.
In fact, the Honoured Lord of Heaven and Luo Zheng had already discovered that Shift did not have its own consciousness.
The Tianzhi Civilization had deciphered the words that Shift had said when it was possessed. It was instinctively expressing regret and anger, wanting to break free from the shackles of the Wailing Path.
Now, Shift was running wildly, still driven by its instincts.
As for its destination, Luo Zheng had no time to sit down and figure it out with the Honoured Lord of Heaven. The most important thing now was to stay alive!
Zhurong's soul was just a wisp of soul. Soon, he was a little tired.
Therefore, when Zhurong returned to his internal world, it was Emperor Jun's turn to attack. When Emperor Jun's body was tired, it would be replaced …
The human heroes became Luo Zheng's bodyguards, protecting Luo Zheng's soul from being eroded by the Soul Leeches.
Just as the human heroes took turns to attack, Luo Zheng's body stepped into a large pool.
He tiptoed lightly on the surface of the pool and walked on the water. With Luo Zheng's running speed, it was a piece of cake for him to walk on the water.
However, as soon as he took a few steps, a huge head suddenly emerged from the water. It was a lizard. This pool was a lizard's nest!
"Swoosh!"
The gigantic lizard opened its mouth and swallowed Luo Zheng in one gulp!
This lizard was a Nirvana Realm creature in the Shang Qing Heaven. Its strength was naturally much stronger than the Nirvana Realm creatures in the Tai Qing Heaven.
The lizard had already sensed Luo Zheng's existence through the Soul Leeches. However, Luo Zheng could easily eliminate the Soul Leeches, which made the lizard very disappointed.
However, the lizard did not expect Luo Zheng to come straight to its nest. This was a delicious meal delivered to its mouth.
The lizard closed its mouth happily and was about to sink into the pool to slowly chew Luo Zheng into pieces.
All of a sudden, cracks as thick as an arm began to appear on the surface of its sturdy head.
"Crack crack crack …"
As the cracks expanded, the head made a loud noise.
The lizard seemed to be a little confused and also a little uneasy.
When it realized that the problem was with the "human" in its mouth, its huge head suddenly exploded!
Luo Zheng's body seemed to be fine as he ran forward with his legs wide open.

Chapter 3585
When the lizard died, the creatures hiding around the blood swamp were all stunned.
As the overlord of the blood swamp, the lizard was torn apart from the inside. How could they have imagined such an outcome?
But these creatures were only surprised for a moment before they swarmed into the lizard's lair.
The lizard was huge, and its flesh was extremely valuable.
After devouring it, it could strengthen the power of these creatures.
How could they miss such an opportunity?
As the blood in the deep pool surged crazily, the dead lizard's bones and flesh had already been completely devoured …
"Splash splash splash …"
Luo Zheng's body was still running.
"Ah, this Shift is very strong. I don't have to worry about its safety," Luo Zheng sighed.
Shift seemed to have some kind of magical power.
This power had been displayed on the Wailing Path. No matter if it was Fuxi or Nuwa's attacks, they were all easily resolved by it.
Now that Shift had attached itself to Luo Zheng's body, it also displayed this strange power. It had used this power to kill the lizard just now.
"When it leaves the blood swamp, we will be able to determine its direction," the Primeval Lord of Heaven responded.
Luo Zheng nodded. Now, they could only wait and see.
"One more thing," the Primeval Lord of Heaven continued, "why didn't the bloodline in your body launch a counterattack against Shift?"
Although the origin divine blood was basically not used by Luo Zheng, it was often useful in times of danger.
"Maybe the bloodline can't do anything to Shift …" Luo Zheng said hesitantly.
Without a doubt, the origin divine blood had its own stance. At least, it was unwilling to fall into the hands of the Wu Kong Clan and Yuan Ling Civilization.
But this time, when Shift invaded its body, the origin divine blood did not react at all.
"Impossible," the Primeval Lord of Heaven shook his head.
The origin divine blood flowed in every part of Luo Zheng's body and overlapped with the position of Shift's possession.
It was a miracle that the two did not clash.
"Then why?" Luo Zheng asked with a puzzled expression.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven pondered for a long time. He considered all possibilities and his eyes suddenly lit up. "Your bloodline doesn't reject Shift. Perhaps it originally belonged to Shift?"
"They belong to Shift …" Luo Zheng's eyelids twitched slightly. "Does Heavenly Primogenitor Yuanshi mean that Shift is not a creature in the Chaos, but also a creature in the Xuanliang World? Or perhaps they originally came from the Four Spirit Gates?"
"Exactly."
"But the Four Spirit Gates only have Snake Spirit, Bird Spirit, Human Spirit, and Monkey Spirit. There are no monsters like Shift," Luo Zheng questioned.
"The Phantoms themselves are not normal things. They come in different forms and wander aimlessly in the Three Pure Heavens all year round. They are a special kind of spiritual body, or rather, a special kind of … soul," said the Heavenly Lord of the Origin.
Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning had once done some research on Eerie. Like most factions, this research ended up with nothing.
Shift was too dangerous. Sometimes it was very docile, but other times it was extremely violent.
It was difficult for many factions in the Three Pure Heavens to come up with the means to restrain it, so they could only choose to stay away.
On the other hand, Shift came and went without a trace. No one knew how it came into being and how it disappeared. Even if they wanted to study it, it was impossible to talk about it.
Even so, many people had made some guesses about the origin of Shift.
As the place closest to the Xuanliang World, the Three Pure Heavens liked to speculate about things that they could not understand in the Xuanliang World.
Many people thought that Shift was the soul of Cha Na civilization. As for why these souls could not be communicated with and why they were unpredictable, no one could explain it.
"It is indeed possible. I just don't know where this Shift will go …" Luo Zheng sighed softly.
After the expansion of the Blood Swamp, it occupied a very large area. It was almost boundless.
Luo Zheng ran wildly, burning countless Soul Leeches along the way. He also accidentally entered the lizard's nest six or seven times and slaughtered the huge lizards.
After a day and a night …
North of the Blood Swamp.
There was obviously less blood here, and the temperature had become cold.
Soul Leeches liked warm places. Naturally, there was no such thing in the Blood Swamp. The lizards that needed the help of Soul Leeches to hunt naturally could not survive in this area.
However, they were replaced by an even more ferocious creature, the Great Swamp Vicious Prawn.
The Great Swamp Vicious Prawn had an astonishingly hard shell, and there were many of them. They often appeared in groups and ate their prey in an instant.
The most important thing was that the Great Swamp Vicious Prawn was not afraid of death. No matter how hard the iron plate was, they would bite down, even if they suffered heavy casualties.
However, this time, they had encountered an iron plate that they could not eat.
These bright red Great Swamp Vicious Prawns pounced on Luo Zheng in groups. While controlling Luo Zheng's physical body to run, Shift's two hands kept drawing circles like a wheel.
The movements looked strange, but the power of the circles was extremely terrifying.
Any Great Swamp Vicious Prawn that came close would be crushed into pieces. There were no exceptions.
This group of Great Swamp Vicious Prawns was the largest group in the Blood Swamp. There were forty to fifty thousand of them, and even the lizards were their prey.
However, after more than half a day of strangulation, the entire group was slaughtered to death!
Just when the Great Swamp Vicious Prawns were almost slaughtered, a group of black wolves that emitted a rotten smell surged up.
While Luo Zheng's physical body was fighting with these rotten black wolves, the voice of the Wing King came from the Green Jade Civilization's Weapon of Civilization. The Wing King and his group had left the Wailing Path and entered Shang Qing Heaven. Therefore, Luo Zheng decisively told the Wing King his position. After the Wing King confirmed Luo Zheng's position, he flew over the Blood Swamp and chased after Luo Zheng.
After Luo Zheng's physical body slaughtered the rotten black wolves, he finally walked out of the Blood Swamp and came to a bare hill.
After Shift controlled his physical body to stand on the hill, he seemed to be a little lost. He faced the north, west, and east in circles, as if he wanted to determine his direction.
"The west is the Soul-cleansing Mountain, the north is the Hundred Million Pagoda Mountain, and the east is the Cold Plain. I don't know which direction Shift wants to go," said Heavenly Lord Yuanshi.
"Where are you trapped?" asked Luo Zheng.
"The north," replied Heavenly Lord Yuanshi. "Behind the Hundred Million Pagoda Mountain …"
If not for Shift's control, Luo Zheng and his group would have successfully entered Shang Qing Heaven. Naturally, they would have gone to the back to rescue Heavenly Lord Yuanshi and the others.
But now, the first thing to do was to get out of Shift's control.
"Rumble!"
At this moment, the hill under Luo Zheng's feet suddenly shook. From the front of the hill, a fierce tortoise head suddenly emerged. The tortoise head turned and bit at Luo Zheng.
This "hill" turned out to be a big tortoise!
Before the big tortoise could bite Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng suddenly stomped his foot. The tortoise shell instantly cracked, and the tortoise head that turned to bite him exploded into a cloud of blood mist before it could get close to him.
Then, Shift controlled his physical body to float away. He finally chose a direction, which was the Hundred Million Pagoda Mountain in the north.

Chapter 3586
"Hundreds of millions of pagodas in the north. What a coincidence, it's on the way …" Luo Zheng smiled. The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning had just said that the heroes of the human race were trapped behind hundreds of millions of pagodas.
The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning was also surprised. "It's not that it's on the way. After all, Shift's goal can't be to save us, but it's not a coincidence that it's in this direction … He might want to do something!"
"What's that?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Enter the Clear Jade Heaven," the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning replied.
The Clear Jade Heaven was the core area of the Clear Jade Heaven, and also the most mysterious area.
Starting from the Elemental Spirit civilization, almost all civilizations wanted to enter the Clear Jade Heaven to explore, and the human race was no exception.
"The Clear Jade Heaven is in that direction?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning smiled. "Why else do you think we're trapped there?"
The 36 heroes of the human race were trapped on the way to the Clear Jade Heaven.
How to get to the Clear Jade Heaven was an unsolved mystery for all civilizations.
After the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning led the human race into the Clear Jade Heaven, this was his primary goal.
The entrance to the Clear Jade Heaven was located in the center of the Clear Jade Heaven, and the entrance to the Clear Jade Heaven should also be located in the center of the Clear Jade Heaven.
Based on this simple speculation, the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning really figured out some key points, and finally opened a cave behind hundreds of millions of pagodas.
"In fact, until now, I'm not sure if the cave can really lead to the Clear Jade Heaven," the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning said with some resentment. "But ever since we found this cave, the Elemental Spirit civilization began to act recklessly."
At that time, it was already the 78th chaos era, and the 77th chaos era of the human race had already ended.
Under the leadership of the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning, the human race began to rise rapidly in the Nirvana Realm, and for a period of time, they were evenly matched with the Elemental Spirit civilization.
At that time, the Wu Kong Clan had not yet appeared, and the human race was the only existence that could compete with the Elemental Spirit civilization.
Although the Elemental Spirit civilization saw the human race as a thorn in their flesh, and had always been restricting the development of the human race, they had never fought to the death with the human race. After all, the human race was not the only enemy of the Elemental Spirit civilization..... 77 chaos era, there were many powerful dominator civilizations, and these dominator civilizations.
But when the Primeval Lord of Heaven led the human race to that underground cavern, the Elemental Spirit civilization finally could not tolerate it any longer. They wanted to eradicate the human race at all costs.
"The Eye Spirits gathered the strength of their entire race, but they only managed to trap us," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said with a hint of arrogance on his face.
"Since the Yuan Ling civilization values it so much, that underground cave must lead to Clear Jade Heaven," Luo Zheng speculated.
"Maybe, maybe not." Heavenly Lord Yuanshi shook his head. "There are many secrets in Sanqing Heaven. The Elemental Spirit civilization came first and arrived first. What could be destroyed has been destroyed, and what could be hidden has been hidden. No matter what, there must be something that the Elemental Spirit civilization is eager to hide."
While talking with the Heavenly Lord of the Origin, Luo Zheng was also looking around.
The Hundred Million Pagoda Mountain was an endless mountain range.
The mountains here were completely different from the usual mountains and rivers.
Every mountain looked like a sharp tower at first glance.
There was not much difference in height, and there was not much difference in shape.
When walking through it, it was like entering a forest formed by high mountains. It could be considered a veritable "mountain forest."
"By the way, although Shift seems to have no intelligence, it knows how to speak Sanskrit after all. Why don't we try to communicate with it?" Luo Zheng suggested.
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin had already formed a team in the Inner World. This team was well-trained, and they combined different pronunciations to form "Sanskrit."
After running all the way out of the Wailing Path, everyone was also tired of dealing with the trouble in the Blood Swamp.
The Hundred Million Pagoda Mountain looked much calmer, so it was worth a try.
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin originally had this intention, and now it was an opportunity.
So in the Inner World, the group of people who had already been trained was quickly gathered together by the Heavenly Lord of the Origin. They had been carefully prepared and cooperated with each other very skillfully.
They began to chant according to the instructions of the Tianzhi civilization, and the voice began to linger around Luo Zheng's body.
"Can you understand me?"
"Who are you?"
"Can you communicate with me?"
When the Sanskrit was sung, it became a very rhythmic song.
Shift had completely taken over Luo Zheng's body. Naturally, his eyes, ears, mouth, and nose were also the same, so he could definitely hear this song.
Luo Zheng and the Heavenly Lord of the Origin looked on expectantly, hoping that Shift would respond.
But Shift still controlled his body to run wildly, as if he did not have ears.
Although this result was not unexpected, the two still showed some disappointment on their faces.
"Let's try a few more times," Luo Zheng said.
So those people in the Inner World chanted again, repeatedly saying the same few words.
In the time it took to burn a stick of incense, the few words were repeated dozens of times, but Shift still did not respond at all.
"Forget it," Luo Zheng curled his lips.
It was one thing to have his body taken over by a monster, but this monster did not even have intelligence, which was really depressing.
When Luo Zheng chose to give up, Shift suddenly controlled Luo Zheng's body to turn left.
After Shift entered the Hundred Million Pagoda Mountain, he was already some distance away. At this time, he was actually going to the west of the Hundred Million Pagoda Mountain. This sudden change of direction puzzled Luo Zheng, but the Heavenly Lord of the Origin made a sound of surprise with a hint of expectation in his voice.
"Senior Heavenly Lord of the Origin, what's wrong?" Luo Zheng asked, puzzled.
"The underground cave behind the Hundred Million Pagoda Mountain is very hidden. We spent a third of a chaos era just to find a way to open it. The first step to open the underground cave is to go three thousand miles to the north and five thousand miles to the west, and then open a magic formation behind the largest pagoda mountain!" The Heavenly Lord of the Origin explained.
Because the Heavenly Lord of the Origin knew this secret, he had already paid attention when Luo Zheng's body entered the Hundred Million Pagoda Mountain.
But he did not expect that Shift would decisively go west after just three thousand miles!
This did not seem like a coincidence!
"Maybe Shift's goal is really the underground cave, and the underground cave is really the way to the Sanqing Heaven," Luo Zheng also showed a look of excitement.
If so, he might be able to kill two birds with one stone.
If he entered the underground cave and met the original bodies of the heroes of the Human Clan, they would be able to find a way to change Luo Zheng's current state!
"If that's really the case, it is indeed excellent," the Heavenly Lord of the Origin nodded.
The Hundred Million Pagoda Mountain was indeed a peaceful place, and they did not encounter any obstacles all the way to the west.
Not long after, a round pagoda mountain appeared in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
This pagoda mountain was several times thicker than ordinary pagoda mountains, and the mountain was also much taller.
After Shift arrived at the bottom of the pagoda mountain, he stopped for a while and then climbed up the mountain's cliff.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng and the Heavenly Lord of the Origin became even more excited.

Chapter 3587
Shift controlled Luo Zheng's body and quickly climbed to the top of the Pagoda Mountain, then slid down from the back of the Pagoda Mountain.
"Whoosh …"
When Shift slid to the mountainside of the Pagoda Mountain, he suddenly stopped.
Yuanshi Tianzun's eyes were full of excitement, and his voice also became excited. "It's here, yes, it's here!"
"But there's nothing here …" Luo Zheng said doubtfully.
Before Luo Zheng could finish his sentence, he saw Shift control his body and slammed it toward the Pagoda Mountain.
"Bang!"
Although these Pagoda Mountains were made of stone, their surface had accumulated dust and turned into soil over time.
The thin layer of green soil on the surface of Shift's palm was directly shattered, revealing a huge red copper disc. The surface of the red copper disc was engraved with complicated patterns.
"Buzz …"
When the light shone on the red copper disc, the surface of the purple-red disc glowed, and a thick layer of light film covered the surface of the disc.
"What should I do next?" Luo Zheng asked in his mind. "Do I really have to knock down this Pagoda Mountain?"
"Of course," Yuanshi Tianzun said with a smile. "There are a total of four Pagoda Mountains that have been knocked down. It took a lot of effort to find these four Pagoda Mountains."
As he said that, Shift controlled Luo Zheng's body and slammed it hard against the red copper disc.
The light film on the surface of the red copper disc was extremely strong. Shift's casual slam had a force of one million Shen Jun, but the light film did not break.
"Boom!"
The collision between the body and the red copper disc produced a huge shock wave. The shock wave spread out and also hit the surrounding Pagoda Mountains.
The surface of these Pagoda Mountains was green because it was covered with a layer of green soil.
After the shock wave shattered the green soil on the surface of the Pagoda Mountains, the Pagoda Mountains' original appearance was exposed. They were actually tall Pagoda Mountains made of red copper!
"These Pagoda Mountains are all made of metal?" Looking at these Pagoda Mountains made of copper, Luo Zheng was also surprised.
Although nature's workmanship was uncanny, it was impossible to cast so many complete and smooth Pagoda Mountains.
"All Pagoda Mountains are like this." Yuanshi Tianzun nodded and said, "These Pagoda Mountains are not naturally formed, but man-made. The purpose and creator are unknown …"
Of course, anything that could not be explained in Three Pure Heaven would be inferred to the Instant civilization …
Shift's attack just now had knocked the huge Pagoda Mountain a little.
It would not be an easy task to take down such a huge metal pagoda mountain.
"Boom!"
"Boom!"
Following that, the second, third, and fourth collisions were launched …
With each collision, the Pagoda Mountain tilted a little.
When the mountain was tilted to a certain degree, Luo Zheng was surprised to find that there were two huge gears at the bottom of the mountain. The mountain was locked to the ground with teeth, and there were three gears buried at the bottom of the mountain, one big and two small. Two of the small gears were firmly locked to the gears of the mountain.
"How could there be these things under the billions of pagodas?" Luo Zheng was more and more shocked.
"It's very delicate, isn't it?" Yuanshi Tianzun smiled and said, "There are large and small gears buried in the vast Pagoda Mountain. These things are ingenious, but they are only used to open the door. For the Instant civilization, there are simpler and more intuitive ways to open the door, but they have to spend so much time and effort to make such a thankless thing."
Luo Zheng looked into the distance. Countless Pagoda Mountains stood in the distance, and the naked eye could not see the end. "Such a large area is carefully carved. This is simply …"
"They have nothing to do." Yuanshi Tianzun continued Luo Zheng's words, "They are like prisoners in prison, purely to pass time."
"Senior, you mean …" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly.
"The Instant civilization is trapped here," Yuanshi Tianzun said.
Although Luo Zheng knew some of the truth, he was not as thorough as Yuanshi Tianzun. Every detail that the Human Tribe found in Three Pure Heaven was inferred and restored, hoping to dig out more information. In this respect, Yuanshi Tianzun was much better than Luo Zheng.
"Boom, boom, boom, boom …"
The huge Pagoda Mountain finally fell to the ground after being bombarded again and again. But after the Pagoda Mountain fell, a "Ka Ka Ka Ka" sound came from the inside of the Pagoda Mountain. It was the sound of huge machinery knocking.
Before Luo Zheng could ask questions, Yuanshi Tianzun explained, "There are huge reed parts at the bottom of the Pagoda Mountain. These reed parts will pry the Pagoda Mountain back little by little when they spring back. The whole process takes 32 hours."
If they wanted to enter the underground cave, they had to put down four Pagoda Mountains at the same time in the next 12 hours. If they exceeded that time, the first Pagoda Mountain would spring back completely.
"It's so precise." Luo Zheng sighed.
At this time, Shift observed the place for a while and then went north again.
"The second Pagoda Mountain is 3,000 miles north and 1,500 miles east," Yuanshi Tianzun said.
Just as the Primeval Lord of Heaven had said, Shift began to travel east after three thousand miles on its back, and found another pagoda mountain after one thousand five hundred miles.
The first Pagoda Mountain was incomparably huge. One could tell that it was extraordinary at a glance.
However, the second Pagoda Mountain was nothing special. It was definitely not an easy task to find it among the countless Pagoda Mountains.
However, Shift seemed to be able to sense it and climbed up the Pagoda Mountain naturally.
Just like the first Pagoda Mountain, Shift bombarded the back of the Pagoda Mountain and put it on the ground bit by bit.
After the second Pagoda Mountain was put down, Shift controlled Luo Zheng's body and headed northeast without stopping to find the third Pagoda Mountain.
The first three Pagoda Mountains went exceptionally smoothly.
The billions of Pagoda Mountains were very desolate. There were no outsiders, nor were there any ferocious creatures.
When Shift put down these Pagoda Mountains, the Winged King finally flew over the Blood Swamp.
With the help of the Winged King, everyone was not afraid of the Soul Leeches and Lizards in the Blood Swamp.
However, it did not dare to fly too high …
The three Immortal Hunters were very familiar with the Blood Swamp. There was a kind of evil bird living in the Blood Swamp. When it discovered a target in the air, it would often swarm out of its nest.
Therefore, the Winged King maintained a relatively low altitude and flew along the Blood Swamp.
Along the way, it encountered a few trouble, but it avoided all of them without any danger.
After leaving the Blood Swamp, the Winged King communicated with the Green Jade Spirit again through the Weapon of Civilization. After confirming Luo Zheng's location, it went straight to the Pagoda Mountains.
"These Pagoda Mountains should be the safest area in the Shangqing Heaven. We have explored them before, but they are only huge copper mountains. There doesn't seem to be anything special," Fuxi said.
Nuwa did not say anything. The last time she entered the Pagoda Mountains, she felt that this area was very unique. Her intuition told her that there must be something hidden in it. She even spent a lot of effort with Fuxi to break through a Pagoda Mountain, but they did not find anything unusual.

Chapter 3588
It was the first time Wing King had come to Shang Qing Heaven. He was just curious about everything here, so he didn't express his opinion.
Blood Wolf, who was the most knowledgeable among the Immortal Hunters, smiled faintly. "What's so magical about the billions of towers? That's not right! "
Fuxi frowned slightly. "What's so magical about them? Please enlighten me."
Blood Wolf waved his hand and pointed at the towers. "These towers are keys."
"Keys?" Nuwa blinked.
Blood Wolf nodded. "The so-called billions of towers are actually countless keys arranged together. If you turn the keys in order within a specified time, you can open different channels."
"For example …"
Nuwa was about to say something when Blood Wolf continued, "For example, the channel to Jade Clear Heaven is also controlled by these towers."
As soon as Blood Wolf said this, the eyes of Donghuang, Elder Ying, Wing King, and the others all lit up.
They really didn't expect these seemingly ordinary towers to be so mysterious that they controlled the way to Jade Clear Heaven.
"But how do these towers control those channels? Is there a magic array inside the towers? "Nuwa asked.
Fuxi continued, "We once shattered the green soil on the surface of a tower and found a circular magic array. But that magic array only formed a formation shield."
"That formation shield is for you to push down the towers." Blood Wolf shrugged. "The way to open the channel is to push down the corresponding towers."
"But there are so many towers here. How do you know which ones to push down?" Elder Ying asked.
The Blood Lion answered from the side. "This place is called the Hundred Billion Pagoda Mountains. It doesn't mean that there are hundreds of millions of Pagoda Mountains, but it means that there are hundreds of millions of ways to arrange the Pagoda Mountains. To obtain a corresponding arrangement of the Pagoda Mountains is indeed harder than ascending to heaven. So far, the few ways to open the passage should be in the hands of the Yuan Ling civilization and the Wu Kong Clan."
Although the Immortal Hunters knew the secret of the billions of towers, they didn't know how to open the channel.
"Now that Shift is constantly changing directions, does it mean that it has some way to open the channel?" Wing King suddenly interjected.
Blood Wolf raised his eyebrows when he heard this. He had been answering Fuxi and Nuwa's questions, but he had ignored the situation on Luo Zheng's side.
Shift didn't swallow Luo Zheng, but flew in a completely unconscious state among the billions of towers. Was it really planning to open a channel?
If that was the case …
"There really is such a possibility!" Blood Lion's eyes lit up with joy.
"Every channel opened by the Tower Mountain contains great value. Let's quickly catch up," urged the Blood Wolf.
"Sou!"
The wings of the Winged King suddenly flapped, and he turned into a green stream of light and sped away from the Tower Mountain …
"The fourth Pagoda Mountain. Five thousand Pagoda Mountains to the north and three thousand and one Pagoda Mountains to the west." The Honoured Lord of the Origin reported the range of the last Pagoda Mountain.
Just as Heavenly Lord Yuanshi had said, Shift headed northwest.
When Shift arrived at the three thousand and first Pagoda Mountain in the west, both Yuanshi Tianzun and Luo Zheng thought that it would stop and push the Pagoda Mountain to the ground.
Unexpectedly, Shift directly passed by the pagoda mountain and headed further west.
"Missed it?" Luo Zheng asked suspiciously.
"That's not right." The Primeval Lord of Heaven narrowed his eyes and shook his head. "How could I have missed it …"
"Could it be that the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi was mistaken?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Impossible," the Honoured Lord of the Origin said firmly.
"I said long ago that the underground cavern we opened may not be the channel to Clear Jade Heaven, and there may not be only one channel opened by the Tower Mountain, and the underground cavern may not necessarily be the channel to Clear Jade Heaven." The voice of Nuwa's true body suddenly sounded from Luo Zheng's Inner World.
Thirty-six heroes of the Human Race were trapped in the underground cavern for the 78th chaos era.
Compared to now, the chaos was still in its early stages.
Many sovereign civilizations' understanding of Clear Jade Heaven was far inferior to now.
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin led the Human Tribe to explore the Shang Qing Sky and killed a huge ice snake in the Cold Plains. He took out an ancient map from the body of the ice snake and found the way to open the underground cave from the ancient map.
"Perhaps your guess is right." The Honoured Lord of the Origin nodded.
In fact, in the thousands of chaos eras that followed, the Tower Mountain had opened as many as six channels. The methods to open these six channels were in the hands of the Yuan Ling Civilization and the Wu Kong Race.
The situation after each pagoda mountain was pushed down was different. Since Shift didn't push down the pagoda mountain as the Honoured Lord of the Origin said, then Shift probably didn't want to open the underground cavern.
The situation changed again, and Luo Zheng could only wait and observe.
After an incense stick's worth of time, Shift finally chose the fourth pagoda mountain and pushed it down.
To Luo Zheng's surprise, when the fourth pagoda mountain was pushed down, Shift also pushed down the pagoda mountain next to it, which was the fifth pagoda mountain!
After pushing down the fifth pagoda mountain, Shift continued to move through the pagoda mountains, heading towards the easternmost part of the Tower Mountain. Clearly, he was looking for the sixth pagoda mountain!
The easternmost part of the Tower Mountain was connected to the Cold Plains, and the temperature gradually dropped. The tops of these pagoda mountains were covered in a thick layer of snow.
In these pagoda mountains, a group of black-robed people were walking in a line.
These black-robed people were no different from normal humans, and their bodies were covered in specially made thick robes, as if they were extremely afraid of the sun. No matter if it was their hands, feet, or faces, nothing was exposed.
"Father, we've been searching for half a month, can we really find it?" A slightly immature voice came from the robe.
"We can definitely find it." Another calm voice came from the back of the robe. "I'm not worried that we can't find it, but whether we can subdue those strange birds after we find it. Sigh …"
"Don't worry, leader, although those strange birds are powerful, we're well prepared this time, we can definitely do it!"
"Yes, we're determined to succeed this time!"
"We definitely won't fail!"
Several of the leader's subordinates cheered.
"I hope so." The leader also nodded.
This time, their clan's secret operation was related to the survival of their clan.
They could only succeed, and not fail.
At this moment, a loud bird's cry suddenly came from afar.
"Yo —"
An eagle with six heads flew across the sky.
When they heard the screech of the six eagles, these people all stuck to one side of the pagoda mountain.
The thick robes on their bodies could change color on their own, and all of them were completely integrated into the mountain walls. Even if one looked carefully, it would be difficult to find any trace of them.
"Follow!"
The leader gave the order.
They stuck close to the pagoda mountains, and their hands and feet became extremely agile. In the blink of an eye, they turned into fierce beasts hunting for food, quickly moving through the pagoda mountains, chasing after the six eagles.

Chapter 3589
The six-headed eagle spread its wings and glided through the sky at a moderate pace.
In the Upper Azure Heavens, the six-headed eagle had almost no real opponents. At least, no one dared to offend it.
It had almost no natural enemies, so naturally, it didn't need to be too vigilant.
The six-headed eagle's nest was built at the top of a pagoda mountain. There were three sparkling and translucent bird eggs in the nest.
These sparkling bird eggs were extremely precious to the beings of the Upper Azure Heavens. The liquid contained in the eggs had unimaginable corrosive power. In theory, it could corrode everything, including space itself.
This corrosive power was originally the six-headed eagle's innate ability. Some of the other races hoped to borrow the six-headed eagle's power. They tried to subdue, lure, or even force the six-headed eagle to submit, but all of these methods failed.
As the most violent creature in the Upper Azure Heavens, any creature that dared to offend it would be corroded into a puff of smoke.
However, in order to move about in the Upper Azure Heavens, they had to rely on the six-headed eagle's corrosive power to break through space …
Since the six-headed eagle's power couldn't be borrowed, they could only target the six-headed eagle's eggs. The corrosive power contained in these eggs was even stronger than the six-headed eagle's body.
The six-headed eagle's intelligence wasn't high, and it didn't live in groups. This gave the other races an opportunity to take advantage of.
Those non-human beings in thick robes had come for the eggs of the six eagles.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
As these people traveled, the color of their robes constantly changed.
Along the way, the six-headed eagle didn't notice them.
After following them for four hundred miles, they finally saw a huge nest.
At the top of a pagoda mountain, thick green tree branches were piled up. These seemingly random green branches formed a regular bird's nest. From afar, the pagoda mountain looked like it was wearing a green circlet.
"Screech screech!"
The six-headed eagle returned to the nest and let out a long cry.
At this moment, six eagle heads poked out from the nest. It was another six-headed eagle.
The one returning to the nest was a male eagle, responsible for hunting outside. The one in the nest was a female eagle, responsible for incubating the eggs.
The male eagle released its claws and threw its prey down from the sky.
It was a gigantic turtle known as the Stone Turtle.
The stone turtle was one of the toughest creatures in Shang Qing Sky. Its shell had an amazing defensive power. The seemingly ordinary stone turtle shell contained a unique space law. Even if some powerful creatures captured it, they couldn't do anything to it.
"Whoosh …"
After the stone turtle fell, the female eagle used its five heads to support the stone turtle.
The six heads of the six-headed eagle were not independent. Only the largest one was the leader. If the leader was chopped off, the next one would take over.
The five eagle heads were like a pair of hands biting the stone turtle. The largest eagle head opened its mouth and gently spat at the stone turtle.
"Hua!"
A green liquid fell on the Stone Turtle's shell.
"Zi zi zi …"
The green saliva was terrifyingly corrosive. The stone turtle's almost indestructible shell was like a piece of paper under the green saliva, and a crack quickly appeared.
The Stone Turtle in the tortoise shell started to struggle crazily, trying to escape from the six eagles.
However, it had already fallen into the eagles' nest. There was no way it could escape.
The eagle head reached into the tortoise shell and started to peck at the Stone Turtle's flesh. The scene was very bloody.
After a short while, the stone turtle was eaten clean. The remaining shell was thrown down from the top of the mountain by the six eagles. With a crashing sound, it smashed a big hole in the ground.
At the bottom of the mountain, there were all kinds of corpses. They were the remains of the six eagles after eating.
The group of foreign tribesmen who were wrapped in thick robes were hiding at the bottom of the mountain. The sudden fall of the turtle shell gave them a fright. When the leader saw the traces of corrosion on the turtle shell, he couldn't help but shake his head and sigh in his heart.
The six eagles used up a lot of saliva to corrode the stone turtle, but they only needed one cup …
However, the six eagles were very bad-tempered. They would attack anyone who trespassed on their territory. If they wanted to get the saliva, they had to use their wits to get the eggs.
The leader raised his hands and secretly made a gesture.
At the bottom of a mountain far away, a black-robed man took out an iron cage from his Sumeru Space. Then, the black-robed man ran away from the iron cage.
After the iron cage was placed on the ground, it kept shaking. It seemed like something was trying to struggle out of the cage.
"Ka, Cha Cha, Hua …"
Soon, the thing in the iron cage crazily bumped and finally broke. A black bird that was as long as a man drilled out. This was a Black-Toothed Swallow. It had an extremely fast flying speed and was the favorite food of the six eagles.
"Swish —"
The Black-Toothed Swallow didn't know that its natural enemy was in the sky. It only wanted to return to the sky quickly. It didn't know that its natural enemy was in the sky.
The male eagle was squatting at the side of the nest, observing the surroundings.
Suddenly, a black shadow flew up. Its six eagle heads let out excited cries at the same time. The Black-Toothed Swallow was always at the top of the six-headed eagles' list of food. However, the Black-Toothed Swallow was too small and couldn't fill their stomachs. It wasn't worth it to hunt this kind of swallow from so far away …
It was very unnatural for the Black-Toothed Swallow to appear in the hundreds of millions of towers. However, the six-headed eagles didn't think about it. After all, there were two of them guarding the nest.
"Swish!"
"Swish!"
When the Black-Toothed Swallow saw its natural enemy, it was scared out of its wits. It used almost all of its strength to escape.
This Black-Toothed Swallow had been fed "Phoenix Blood" by the black-robed men. It could greatly increase its speed for a few hours. It was almost impossible for the six-headed eagles to catch up to the Black-Toothed Swallow in a short period of time.
The two birds, one big and one small, quickly flew into the distance.
When the leader of the black-robed men saw this, he waved his hand again. Not far away, another black-robed man placed another iron cage. Soon, a second Black-Toothed Swallow came out of the iron cage!
Under normal circumstances, the female eagle would never leave the nest.
However, the appearance of the Black-Toothed Swallow was obviously not a normal situation …
The female eagle in the nest also noticed the Black-Toothed Swallow that was quickly rising into the sky. It first let out a series of urgent cries. It was calling for the male eagle to come and catch the Black-Toothed Swallow.
However, the male eagle was chasing after the first Black-Toothed Swallow. How could it call for it?
The female eagle considered its situation. It felt that it wouldn't take too long to catch a Black-Toothed Swallow. Unexpectedly, it left the nest and chased after the Black-Toothed Swallow.
The second Black-Toothed Swallow was also fed with Phoenix Blood. It quickly flew away, leading the female eagle into the distance.
"In the end, it's still a stupid beast!" The leader said indifferently. Then, he urged, "This is our chance! Quick, quick, quick! Now! "
The black-robed men suddenly jumped and climbed toward the nest at the top of the tower mountain.

Chapter 3590
The six eagles would need some time to catch up to the Black-Toothed Swallow. They had to take the eggs away during this time.
Although the Black-Toothed Swallow was extremely fast, it would not be able to escape the pursuit of the six eagles.
As for how long it would take for the eagles to catch up to the Black-Toothed Swallow and return, that was up to fate.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The twenty black-robed men rushed up the mountain.
The black-robed men below all held their breaths and stared at the top of the mountain. This concerned the survival of their tribe. Everyone was very nervous.
The leader's son was looking in another direction. That was the direction where the second Black-Toothed Swallow had escaped. The female eagle chased in that direction. Two figures, one big and one small, shuttled through the mountains, appearing and disappearing!
"Pu!"
Perhaps the Black-Toothed Swallow was too nervous, or perhaps it was too excited after swallowing the Phoenix Blood, but it actually crashed into a mountain and died.
The female eagle flew over. With a light lift of its head, it caught the Black-Toothed Swallow in its beak and slowly returned.
The leader's son saw this scene and his heart turned cold. He hurriedly reminded his father, "Father, father, the female eagle is back!"
When the leader heard the faint sound of impact, he saw this scene. His face was as ugly as it could get. His subordinates were still climbing up Tower Mountain. Although they were not slow, they had only reached two-thirds of the height of Tower Mountain!
"Father, should we ask them to retreat?" The leader's son asked.
"If they retreat, there will be no chance …" The leader shook his head.
The Black-Toothed Swallow was a rare creature in the Shang Qing Heavens. They had spent a lot of effort to catch two.
If they failed this time, they would not have the time to catch the Black-Toothed Swallow.
"But if we don't retreat, they will all …" The leader's son said worriedly.
Their tribe did not have many people, but they were very united. The warriors of the tribe were as close as brothers. How could the leader's son bear to see the warriors of the tribe die?
"For the tribe, even if we have to sacrifice ourselves, it is necessary," The leader suddenly said firmly.
There were many old, weak, women, and children in the tribe …
If they gave up, their tribe would be met with a disaster.
If that was the case, it was better to gamble with the lives of these twenty people.
"But that female eagle will definitely return to the nest. Their sacrifice is meaningless," The leader's son said.
"Shut up!" The leader scolded.
The other warriors who were hiding nearby didn't say anything. They were all clear about the serious situation their tribe was facing. This time, they followed their leader and were prepared to sacrifice their lives.
But even if they had this kind of awareness, their hearts still trembled at the critical moment, not knowing what to do …
After being reprimanded by his father, the leader's son suddenly rushed out.
"Qi 'er!" the leader said.
The leader's son turned a deaf ear to Tashan's words. He leaped up to a height of three to four hundred feet and whistled upwards. "Whoosh — look here!"
He wanted to attract the female eagle's attention and buy time for the twenty black-robed men.
The female eagle did not know that its nest had been invaded. It was still flapping its wings leisurely while slowly enjoying the food in its mouth.
Suddenly, they heard a voice coming from below. The six eagle heads looked up and saw the leader's son at a glance.
There was actually a puny fellow who dared to provoke her …
The six eagles felt strange.
Its intelligence was not high. Although it was curious, it did not think too much about it.
With a light flap of its wings, it flew towards the leader's son below.
"Qi 'er!" The leader's breathing quickened.
The leader's son had already thrown caution to the wind. When he saw the female eagle rushing towards him, he became even more excited and shouted at the female eagle.
When the female eagle was about to rush down, the leader vaguely felt that something was wrong. One of the six heads turned to look up and saw some black-robed men climbing up. They were almost at its nest!
"Yo!"
The female eagle realized that it had been tricked and flew up without looking back.
"Oh no!"
The leader's son saw the female eagle leave and his face turned ashen.
The twenty black-robed men had already pushed their speed to the limit. They did not even know what was happening below. Even when they heard the screams of the six eagles, they did not care. They only rushed up with their heads.
They were only two hundred feet away from the nest. At most, they would reach the nest in three to four breaths.
But at this moment, the female eagle flew up and reached the top of Tashan.
The five eagle heads opened their mouths and spat corrosive saliva at the walls of Tashan.
The green saliva formed a thin line and drew a horizontal line across the walls of Tashan. Then, it poured down like a waterfall …
When the black-robed warriors saw the corrosive saliva rushing towards them, they had no chance to dodge.
Their thick robes were woven from a special fabric and had decent defensive power. However, under the corrosive saliva, they were instantly torn apart, revealing the black-robed men's original appearances.
These black-robed men were very similar to humans. However, after not being exposed to light for many years, their skin was as white as paper.
"Hiss …"
When the corrosive saliva tore open their black robes, the light had already begun to corrode their bodies. These black-robed men were creatures of the Dark Realm!
Under the dual corrosion of the light and the corrosive saliva, their bodies disappeared in the blink of an eye …
"Yo!"
The female eagle returned to the nest and called out to the leader's son below. Then, it spat out a mouthful of green saliva.
"Hiss …"
The corrosive saliva flew through the air for a short distance before disappearing …
The corrosive saliva of the six eagles was very powerful. However, it had a special characteristic, which was that it could corrode even space.
From the top of Tashan to the bottom, after corroding the space along the way, the corrosive saliva also disappeared.
Of course, the female eagle obviously knew this result. It was just a threat in anger. It was afraid that someone else would lay their hands on the eggs, so it refused to come out of the nest.
The black-robed men below felt as if they had fallen into an ice cellar.
The plan had failed …
The leader was silent for a while before suddenly saying, "Before we came, I said that if we really failed, we would risk everyone's lives. Even if it was futile, we still had to try for a one in a million chance!"
All the black-robed men gave up on hiding and began to walk towards Tashan.
If they forced their way in, they would definitely die. However, none of the black-robed men hesitated.
Just as they were approaching Tashan, a voice suddenly came from afar.
Under the high-speed running, it caused the ground to tremble slightly.
The black-robed men all looked back and saw Luo Zheng running wildly!
"A human?"
"A human living in the Light Realm?"
"What, what does he want to do …"
The black-robed men were very surprised to see a human here.
The leader's son even stepped forward, wanting to stop Luo Zheng and ask him what was going on.
However, Luo Zheng didn't seem to see them. He expressionlessly rushed to the bottom of Tashan and ran up the vertical mountain.

Chapter 3591
"Danger!"
"That's a six-headed eagle!"
"Leave now!"
The leader's son and the other black-robed men warned loudly. They wanted to stop Luo Zheng from climbing up the mountain.
However, Shift was controlling Luo Zheng's body. He could not even communicate with Luo Zheng in his mind, let alone the outside world.
He continued to climb up without any distractions. It was obvious that the six-headed eagle's nest was Shift's target.
"Screech!"
When Luo Zheng was halfway up the mountain, the female eagle extended its head to warn him.
The six-headed eagle was very sensitive to danger. It sensed Luo Zheng's strange and powerful aura and did not spit out corrosive saliva immediately.
However, Luo Zheng still did not react to the six-headed eagle's warning …
"Don't go up. It's already warned you. Its saliva will melt you completely!"
"Huh? The six-headed eagle is so irritable. Why did it warn that human?"
"The female eagle's reaction is a little strange …"
In order to steal the six-headed eagle's eggs, the black-robed men had done a lot of preparation and investigation. They knew the six-headed eagle's habits very well.
The six-headed eagle would attack any living thing that dared to approach it. There was no way to trade with them. Such irritable beasts would not be like the female eagle, issuing a "warning" to any living thing that invaded their nest.
If the six-headed eagle really did that, there was only one possibility. The intruder was very powerful, so powerful that the six-headed eagle was afraid.
Could it be that this human youth was very powerful?
The black-robed men subconsciously rejected this hypothesis. Even if he was very powerful, he was only a human. It was impossible for him to be so powerful that the six-headed eagle did not dare to attack him directly …
"Screech!"
The six-headed eagle chirped again. The warning was self-evident. Was it really afraid of that human?
The black-robed men were puzzled, but a small flame of hope ignited in their hearts.
Perhaps this human could deal with the six-headed eagle?
After the six-headed eagle gave its second warning, it finally could not hold back and spat a mouthful of green saliva down below.
"Hiss …"
The green saliva corroded all the way in the air, drawing a green trail and falling toward Luo Zheng's head.
"Whoosh!"
Under Sly's control, Luo Zheng dodged to the side like a ghost.
This was also the first time Shift had dodged an attack!
Shift seemed to understand that the green saliva could harm it.
The six-headed eagle also noticed this. It raised its six heads, and green smoke billowed from its mouth. "Pop, pop, pop, pop …"
Balls of corrosive saliva rained down on Luo Zheng.
The black-robed men looked at this scene in silence. Although they had never met Luo Zheng, after all, their appearances were similar. Seeing Luo Zheng completely burned by the corrosive saliva, they still felt somewhat sad.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng's hands and feet were gently nailed to the mountain wall of the tower like a gecko. Then, Luo Zheng opened his mouth and a white thing drilled out. This white thing gently unfolded and turned into a white cloth, blocking all the corrosive saliva.
Although the corrosive saliva could still corrode Shift's body, Shift did not care.
The black-robed men below were also very shocked when they saw this scene.
"What kind of treasure is that white cloth? Even saliva can't corrode it?"
"This is the first time I've seen something that can block corrosive saliva …"
"…"
Of course, these black-robed men did not know that the white "cloth" was Shift's body, and that Luo Zheng was actually being controlled.
On another tower mountain, the Winged King landed on the top of the mountain, and everyone naturally saw this scene.
"A part of Shift's body drilled out of Luo Zheng's mouth. Should we make a move?" Rat King asked.
"Make a move? How do we make a move? Pull that thing out? "Fuxi asked.
Rat King thought for a moment, "Are we just going to watch?"
"We can only do as we please," Nuwa said softly, "At least Shift thinks that Luo Zheng's body can't withstand the corrosive saliva and is still trying to protect Luo Zheng's body."
Shift would not eliminate Luo Zheng's soul, but would also protect Luo Zheng's body. The situation was indeed not as bad as everyone thought.
"Hiss …"
After Shift blocked this wave of corrosive saliva, it had a rough estimate of the six-headed eagle's saliva.
Its white body directly covered Luo Zheng's body with a layer of white cloth. It looked like Luo Zheng's body was wrapped in a layer of white cloth.
"Whoosh!"
Then Luo Zheng sped up and quickly climbed up the bird's nest.
"Screech!"
The female eagle was extremely angry, and its six heads pecked at Luo Zheng's head.
Luo Zheng's body only swayed slightly in the air, and he easily avoided the six-headed eagle's pecks. At the same time, he stretched out his hand and gently slashed.
"Puff puff puff puff!"
Four of the six-headed eagle's necks were cut off, and the four eagle heads immediately fell into the bird's nest. The corrosive saliva in their mouths flowed down, corroding a large hole in the bird's nest.
"Screech!"
This female eagle was seriously injured, and could only spread its wings and fly high.
Its remaining two heads weren't a problem, but if its remaining two heads were chopped off, it would truly die.
At the same time that the female eagle gave up its nest in grief and indignation, another male eagle not far away returned with a black-toothed swallow in its mouth. After this male eagle failed to catch the black-toothed swallow, it did not enjoy it alone. Instead, it planned to share the food with the female eagle. It never thought that someone would be so daring as to break into its nest.
"Screech screech …"
"Screech!"
After the two six-headed eagles communicated for a while, the male eagle's eyes flashed with a raging fire.
With the temperament of the six-headed eagles, even if others did not provoke them, they would still plunder everywhere, let alone this person who broke into their nest!
"Whoosh!"
The male eagle circled in the air, and once again swooped down at Luo Zheng.
After Shift entered the Tower Hills, its goal was to take down these Tower Hills. If they did not provoke it, it would not retaliate.
After chasing away the female eagle, it prepared to head to the north of the Tower Hills to take it down.
When the male eagle swooped down and was about thirty meters behind Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng actually did a somersault and landed on the back of the male eagle.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng casually waved his hand, and the invisible force was like the sharpest knife, severing the male eagle's neck one by one.
Five of the six necks were severed, and only the head of the eagle was left hanging …
After this attack, Luo Zheng did not kill all of them. He jumped down from the male eagle's back.
Without stopping, he slid from the top of the hill to the back, and suddenly clapped his hands.
The entire Tower Hills emitted the sound of gears grinding, and then fell to one side.
When the Tower Hills collapsed, the three eggs in the nest rolled out.
They fell to the ground from thousands of meters in the sky, but the eggs were not damaged at all. It was obvious how sturdy they were.
And these eggs rolled all the way to the leader of the black-robed men.
Perhaps it was because happiness came too suddenly, but the group of black-robed men was stunned.

Chapter 3592
After five of the eagle's heads were cut off, it was scared out of its wits as well.
It didn't dare to attack Luo Zheng anymore. It raised its wings and flew up high.
"Yo!"
The female eagle circled around it and flew away with it.
This pair of six-headed eagles had nine of their heads chopped off by Luo Zheng today. They had suffered a great loss.
However, it was lucky to be able to survive against such a powerful being. No matter how aggressive these six-headed eagles were, they only had one thought in mind at this moment.
As for the eggs that rolled down, they had no time to care about them.
"Boom!"
After the two Six-Headed Eagles flew a distance away, a dragon-shaped lightning suddenly descended from the sky and struck the two Six-Headed Eagles.
In the dazzling lightning, the six-headed eagles turned into two piles of ashes and drifted away with the wind …
On Tower Mountain, the Winged Monarch and the others' expressions changed when they saw the thick lightning.
"Who released the lightning? How could it be so powerful?" Donghuang said seriously.
The lightning contained irregular crystals. After it struck down, the energy aura that dissipated was shockingly strong.
Blood Wolf's throat was dry when he saw the lightning. In addition to worry and fear, there was also a trace of deep hatred in his eyes. "If I'm not wrong, that's Lei Sha, one of the three pillars of the Elemental Spirit civilization!"
This Lei Sha was a powerful opponent. He had once killed six Immortal Hunters. Back then, it was Lei Sha who led people to besiege the Immortal Hunters.
"An existence of the same level as Ah Huo. Its strength should be slightly weaker than Ah Huo," Nuwa said.
"Is it really such an existence?" Donghuang's expression changed slightly.
The expressions of the others on the Winged Monarch's back also darkened.
Although they had defeated Ah Huo of the Elemental Spirit civilization, that was in the mother world after all.
The people of Li Mountain and the Chaos Ancient God could fully unleash their strength. However, Ah Huo had descended through Ji Xuanyuan's body. His true strength would eventually be limited.
Now that everyone was in the Nirvana Realm, their strength was also greatly affected. The Lei Sha in front of them, as a Nirvana Realm creature, could unleash 100% of his strength. The difference between them was huge.
The most important thing was that Luo Zheng was still being controlled by Shift. They couldn't find a way to deal with it. Now that there was Lei Sha, what should they do?
"Boom, boom, boom …"
A series of lightning struck down. It was getting closer and closer, as if an invisible lightning giant was rapidly approaching.
Boom!
After the last thick lightning bolt appeared, it directly blasted onto the fallen tower mountain. There was a transparent sphere there, and within the sphere floated the Thunder Fiend.
"Heh," Lei Sha in the transparent sphere chuckled. "If you want to save those trapped humans, this is the wrong path!"
When Luo Zheng and the others were rescued by the Wing King in Tai Qing Heaven, the Elemental Spirit civilization could still track them through the Shadow Imprint.
After entering the Wailing Path, the Elemental Spirit civilization lost track of them.
However, a few days later, after the Wings King, Donghuang, Fuxi, and the others left the Wailing Path, the Shadow Imprint once again sent out a message. Although there were no people from the Shadow Imprint keeping an eye on them, their general location could still be tracked down.
After Lei Sha, Ah Huo and Jie Yan discussed for a while, they decided that Lei Sha would personally go.
Jie Yan originally wanted to come with Lei Sha but was refused by Lei Sha.
In the Nirvana Realm, Lei Sha had overwhelming power. Bringing Jie Yan would mean bringing countless people from the Elemental Spirit civilization. He felt that this was an insult to himself.
Ah Huo, on the other hand, had the attitude of watching a show and did not express any opinions. She had never liked Lei Sha, not to mention that she had failed once when she descended. Now, she wished that Lei Sha would go alone and return in defeat.
The Shadow Imprint that Lei Sha used to track was on Nuwa and Donghuang. However, after he arrived at his destination, his attention was focused on Luo Zheng. The others were insignificant to Lei Sha.
Lei Sha was not clear about Luo Zheng's current state. He originally thought that Luo Zheng was going to open the tunnel to the underground cavern. However, it was obvious that bringing down this tower mountain was the wrong way.
Shift controlled Luo Zheng's body and coldly glanced at Lei Sha. Then, it began to run wildly towards the west.
It still wanted to bring down the next tower mountain!
"Heh."
The corner of Lei Sha's mouth curled up slightly. Lightning flashed on the surface of the sphere as he chased after it.
"Let's follow!"
The Wing King flapped his wings and carried everyone behind Lei Sha.
Only the black-robed people were left behind …
The three black-robed people each held a bird's egg. Next, they were going to bring the bird's eggs back.
These bird's eggs were translucent under the sunlight. One could see the dark green liquid in the eggshell and the embryonic form of the six-headed eagle. The liquid in the bird's egg was more corrosive than the adult six-headed eagle. Naturally, they had to be extra careful. If they accidentally broke the egg, they would end up without a corpse.
"Father, let's go back," the leader's son urged.
Although they had lost many of their clansmen, they were extremely lucky to have obtained these bird's eggs in the end.
Staying here was a long night with many dreams. Now, returning quickly was the right thing to do.
"That human is very special," the leader said.
"That's not a battle that we can participate in," the leader's son said calmly. "Father, don't forget that this is the light region."
Their clan wasn't weak.
Those who could establish themselves in Shang Qing Tian were not weak.
It was just that their abilities could not be used in the light region. They were like sharks on shore. No matter how strong their fangs were, they could not do anything. Naturally, they were helpless in the face of an existence like the six-headed eagle.
"I still want to investigate clearly," the leader suddenly said firmly. "After all, he is the benefactor of our clan!"
"I am willing to follow the leader!"
"I am willing too!"
"Leader, please take me with you!"
The other black-robed people stood up one after another.
The leader nodded. After counting out more than 20 black-robed people from the team, he quickly walked in the direction that Luo Zheng had left. The other black-robed people returned home under the leadership of the leader's son.
"Boom …"
A thunderbolt as thick as Ta Shan struck down, digging a huge hole in the ground.
Shift controlled Luo Zheng to continue running on the ground. He had no intention of fighting with Lei Sha. He only wanted to follow his set goal of defeating Ta Shan. However, Lei Sha kept pestering him from behind.
However, Luo Zheng's seemingly ordinary running actually contained some kind of strange body movement.
When Lei Sha used his supernatural power, Luo Zheng's whole body was submerged in the thunderbolt. However, in the next moment, he walked out intact, as if he and the thunderbolt were in two different spaces.
Lei Sha was also very strange …
He had not seen this supernatural power from Luo Zheng before!
"Boom, boom, boom, boom!"
He blasted out four thunderbolts in a row, all of which were the same.
Luo Zheng's figure was clearly submerged in the thunderbolt, but Lei Sha could not sense Luo Zheng's existence.
"Strange means, but that's all!"
Lei Sha's transparent sphere suddenly flashed and appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
"Zizi …"
The surface of the transparent sphere began to flash with red, green, purple, black, and blue lightning. These lightning bolts were like fine little snakes, enveloping Luo Zheng's head.

Chapter 3593
"Zi!"
Seeing these colorful lightning bolts coming down, Luo Zheng suddenly stops and avoids the lightning cage. Then he suddenly jumps up and lies on top of the transparent sphere.
Through the transparent sphere, he looks inside.
Inside the transparent sphere, Lei Sha also sees Luo Zheng's face clearly at a close distance.
Luo Zheng's eyes are all white and have no pupils.
There is no emotion on this wooden face. Luo Zheng seems to be prying into Lei Sha's inner thoughts.
An uncomfortable feeling arises spontaneously in Lei Sha's heart. It is caused by Shift's unique aura, but Lei Sha doesn't think of this.
"Go away!"
Lei Sha reaches out and gently pushes Luo Zheng.
"Crackle!"
A terrible lightning bolt bursts out from where Luo Zheng is lying. This lightning bolt is enough to blast Luo Zheng away.
However, Luo Zheng's movements were very fast. He was like a nimble monkey. After he lightly leaped to avoid the lightning, he circled around in the air and once again stuck to the surface of the transparent ball of light. He was still lying on top of it with his hands and feet and still using his white eyes to stare at Lei Sha.
Shift seems to be very interested in Lei Sha.
"Go away!"
Lei Sha reaches out and pushes again. Another lightning bolt bursts out.
Luo Zheng still avoids the lightning bolt and flies back.
"Crackle, boom, pa …"
After driving it away many times, Lei Sha simply spreads out his arms.
"Zi zi zi …"
The colorful lightning immediately wraps the transparent sphere completely. At least this way, Luo Zheng doesn't dare to lie on top of it again.
But Luo Zheng still comes …
The moment he laid his hands and feet on the ground, the five-colored thunderbolt burned his hands and feet to a crisp.
Luo Zheng's body is now strengthened by the divine blood of origin. It is difficult for ordinary means to hurt him. But Lei Sha is not an ordinary person after all. The trump card he uses is naturally extremely terrifying.
Shift lowers its head and looks at its hands and feet.
When it realized that this body was injured, it wanted to bring out its own body and cover its hands and feet.
Before Shift could open his mouth, round blisters suddenly appeared on the surface of Luo Zheng's charred hands and feet. When these blisters burst open, a green liquid flowed out from them. After the green liquid soaked into the charred hands and feet, they quickly healed. At the same time, the hands and feet actually glowed with a metallic luster.
The five-colored thunderbolts swam around Luo Zheng's metal arms and legs, but they couldn't harm him in the slightest!
For the first time, Luo Zheng's pupil-less white eyes revealed a strange expression.
Shift was not completely unconscious, but its consciousness had not fully awakened.
From the moment it possessed Shift, it had been acting according to its subconscious.
It knew where it needed to go, and it also knew that it needed to defeat all living beings that tried to stop it. However, it still couldn't remember who it was and what it wanted to do.
In his mind, Luo Zheng and the Heavenly Lord of the Origin were speechless at this scene.
The Divine Blood of Origin refused to work as if it was dead, nor was it willing to expel Shift from its body. However, once its body was fatally injured, the Divine Blood of Origin repaired it immediately …
"Shift seems to be very interested in Thunder Demon," Luo Zheng says.
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin nods, "Indeed."
Shift is still controlling Luo Zheng's body to lie on the surface of the transparent ball of light to spy on Thunder Demon inside, but no one knows what it is planning.
"Bang!"
After being immune to the five-colored thunderbolts, Shift's interest in Thunder Demon seems to be more than just spying. It controls Luo Zheng's body and punches the transparent ball of light.
If it wants to kill Thunder Demon, it naturally has to break this transparent ball of light first.
The power of Shift's punch is no small matter, but the transparent ball of light only trembles slightly and easily blocks Luo Zheng's punch.
"Bang!"
Luo Zheng punches again.
This punch smashes from top to bottom, and the transparent ball suddenly smashes down from mid-air like a meteor, embedding itself in the ground with a bang.
Thunder Demon is very angry now. It didn't expect to be entangled by a mere human.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
Luo Zheng seems to have gone crazy, constantly punching the transparent ball of light with both fists.
There is a gray square stone hanging beside Thunder Demon, only the size of a thumb. Every time Luo Zheng smashes it, this gray stone will flicker with a faint luster.
The energy of the transparent ball of light completely comes from this square stone. When the energy in the square stone is exhausted, the transparent ball of light will naturally collapse.
On the other side.
Ah Huo and Jie Yan silently watched this scene.
"Thunder Demon underestimated the enemy," Jie Yan says.
A scornful smile also appears on Fire's face. "With his character, this is inevitable."
"Even if he underestimated the enemy, he shouldn't have lost his composure like this. What a waste. I want to replace him," Jie Yan suddenly says.
Jie Yan didn't have any emotions when he spoke before, because other members of the Elemental Spirit clan are gathered inside him. Every sentence is the convergence of the consciousness of many members of the Elemental Spirit clan.
But now the way Jie Yan speaks has completely changed. Obviously, a member of the Elemental Spirit clan inside Jie Yan is speaking alone.
"Is it Claire?" Fire said with a smile. "You are not qualified. The Eye Spirit will not let you out unless Thunder Demon dies."
The members of the Elemental Spirit clan inside Jie Yan's body are also divided into strong and weak. The weak ones are just ordinary Elemental Spirit clan members, but there are also very strong existences among them, and Claire is one of them.
"I hope so," Claire said in Jie Yan's body.
Although Thunder Demon's performance is very passive, they don't think that Thunder Demon will lose, let alone die.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
After Luo Zheng smashed out more than twenty punches, the square stone hanging beside Thunder Demon suddenly dimmed, and a thin crack appeared on the surface. At the same time, the transparent ball also collapsed with a "pop" sound.
"Crack!"
Thunder Demon in the transparent ball has been preparing for a long time. He suddenly stretched out a hand and grabbed Luo Zheng's neck. "After so many years, you are the first person to break the shield. Then I'll show you my power …"
"Thunder Matrix!"
"Boom boom boom boom …"
At this moment, countless thunderbolts fell from the sky.
The thunderbolts all hit the top of the Tower Mountain, forming a circle of circular lightning at the top of the Tower Mountain.
There was a circle of circular lightning at the top of each Tower Mountain, and there were probably millions of circular lightning in these hundreds of millions of Tower Mountains.
These circular lightning bolts were connected to each other by lightning, forming a huge Thunder Matrix between them.
"Sizzle …"
As the Thunder Matrix continued to descend, the cyan floating soil on the surface of the Tower Mountain was destroyed, revealing a new metallic luster.
"Be careful!"
"Avoid these thunderbolts!"
"Don't approach the Tower Mountain!"
The Wing King and the others, as well as the men in black behind them, began to dodge.
The two groups of people also discovered each other's existence. They didn't communicate with each other, but they didn't release hostility either. Both sides kept a certain distance.
"Matrix Grasp!" Thunder Demon roared.
All the thunderbolts in the huge Thunder Matrix began to gather in Thunder Demon's right hand.

Chapter 3594
Lei Sha's right hand was tightly gripping Luo Zheng's neck. Naturally, those thunderbolts also gathered towards Luo Zheng's body.
The huge thunderbolt matrix contained a large amount of thunderbolts. These thunderbolts were compressed together into a greyish-white liquid.
Anything thrown into this liquid thunderbolt would be melted without a trace.
Under the invasion of the liquid thunderbolt, Luo Zheng's body also began to change. Round blisters grew on the surface of his body again, releasing a green slurry. Immediately after, Luo Zheng's body was covered in a layer of metallic luster from head to toe!
This layer of metallic luster completely isolated the thunderbolts outside.
"Humph!"
Lei Sha snorted coldly.
The energy in the entire thunderbolt matrix flowed even more intensely.
Within the converging liquid thunderbolts were tiny triangles. These triangles polished and drilled into the surface of Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng's metallic skin actually began to crack little by little. Fine cracks gradually appeared, and they gradually broke open.
"Even the Origin Divine Blood can't block it?" In his mind, Luo Zheng was shocked.
After all, from the moment he obtained the Origin Divine Blood, Luo Zheng saw the countless possibilities of the Origin Divine Blood, and each possibility was so powerful.
Luo Zheng was surprised, but Lei Sha was even more surprised!
He simply couldn't figure out what this metallic luster on Luo Zheng's body was. His thunderbolts, which had always been successful, had almost no effect on Luo Zheng.
Now, in order to break open Luo Zheng's body, he had no choice but to use the Supreme Thunder Crystal Fragment …
This Supreme Thunder Crystal Fragment was the toughest thing in the world. After breaking it like this, it finally broke open Luo Zheng's body. This made Lei Sha breathe a sigh of relief.
Relying on the Supreme Thunder Crystal Fragment, he could grind Luo Zheng alive!
Just as the Supreme Thunder Crystal Fragment tore open Luo Zheng's body, a white thing suddenly drilled out from Luo Zheng's wound. That thing had empty eye sockets and a strange big mouth. After the empty eye sockets appeared, it still stared at him and sized him up.
"This is …" Lei Sha's pupils slightly widened.
At this moment, he finally understood where that unpleasant feeling came from.
Treachery!
This kid was possessed by treachery!
As one of the highest echelons of the Elemental Spirit civilization, Lei Sha's understanding of Eerie naturally far surpassed that of ordinary people. Naturally, he also understood that this thing was extremely terrifying.
But as soon as Shift appeared, two white hands wrapped around Thunder Fiend's body.
"Zizi …"
After these two hands wrapped around Lei Sha's body, they formed a layer of white membrane, tightly wrapping around Lei Sha.
The Thunder Fiend that was wrapped in the white membrane panicked again.
He urged the Supreme Thunder Shattered Crystal to attack the strange body with all his might.
The Supreme Thunder Crystal Fragment could destroy almost anything he wanted to destroy, but when it hit Shift's body, it had no effect at all.
Those tiny triangular fragments couldn't even scratch a single crack on the white film.
"Coo, coo."
Following the two strange noises, a pair of empty eye sockets appeared on the surface of the white membrane that enveloped the Thunder Fiend. At the same time, an upside-down mouth opened, and this upside-down mouth revealed a strange smile.
Next, the white membrane began to shrink bit by bit. At the same time, it began to squeeze inward from all directions.
On the other side, Ah Huo and Jie Yan cried out at the same time when they saw Shift who had appeared out of nowhere.
Who would have thought that after just walking through the Wailing Path, Luo Zheng would be possessed by Shift?
"The white Chou Level Shift is the same as the ones in the Wailing Path. I don't know if Lei Sha can survive it," Ah Huo said cautiously.
Although Ah Huo teased Lei Sha with the attitude of watching a show, she believed that Lei Sha would not die at that time. Now that the situation had changed, she was a little worried.
"It's good that he can't survive it." Inside Jie Yan's body, Ah Ci laughed. Ah Ci really hoped that Lei Sha would die so that he could replace him.
The Elemental Spirit civilization had stayed in Sanqing Heaven for a long time, so their understanding of Shift was naturally deeper than that of ordinary Nirvana Realm creatures.
These Shift were all special spirits, and according to their strength and harm, they were divided into three levels: Chou Level, Resentment Level, and Hate Level.
Chou Level was the lowest level of Shift. These Shift generally gathered in a fixed position. They would act according to their own purposes and were not very aggressive, unless there was something that provoked them or aroused their interest.
Judging from the behavior of "Luo Zheng" just now, when Lei Sha first took the initiative to attack it, it only wanted to run away.
But after "Luo Zheng" lay on the transparent light ball, it was obviously interested in Lei Sha …
Now that it had attacked Thunder Fiend, it was very likely that there were two reasons.
"Coo …"
The white film formed by the Shift continued to shrink, and the weird face on the white film was deformed because of the contraction, looking even weirder.
Originally, Lei Sha was fifty feet tall, but this white film quickly shrank from fifty feet to twenty feet, then ten feet, five feet …
Lei Sha itself was a thunder spirit, but its form had been maintained for countless years. Now it was forcibly collapsed by the white film.
Even if Lei Sha's form collapsed, the white film still had no intention of giving up and continued to shrink.
Three feet …
One foot …
Five inches …
Three inches …
After a while, the white film condensed into a very small form. Of course, the face that appeared on the white film also disappeared.
When the white film shrank to about an inch in size, it actually appeared square.
Luo Zheng and Yuanshi Tianzun stared at this square and felt very strange. Could it be that the condensed Lei Sha had become a square?
Soon they saw the answer to the riddle.
Under the slow compression of the white film, a small square stone was squeezed out. There were some cracks on the surface of this small square stone.
The energy of Lei Sha's transparent light ball came from this small square stone. After being hit by Luo Zheng again and again, the energy in the stone was exhausted, and the transparent light ball shield naturally collapsed.
The white film had almost compressed everything to the point that it could no longer be seen. The only thing that remained was the small square stone.
"I know," Yuanshi Tianzun suddenly said, "Previously, when Shift controlled your body to lie on the transparent light ball, it was not looking at Lei Sha, but the square stone on Lei Sha's body. It took a fancy to this thing …"
"What's the use of this thing?" Luo Zheng muttered.
Something that could arouse Shift's interest was certainly not ordinary.
"Coo, coo, coo …"
The remaining white film flowed like liquid water, and then slowly condensed into a shape, revealing the weird face again. The inverted mouth laughed even harder, and at the same time, it made a sound …
A wailing sound …
Shift's wailing sound would cause great harm to all living things.
The Winged King's group and the black-clothed man's group did not have time to destroy their hearing, and all of them immediately suffered intense pain.
Fortunately, the wailing sound only lasted for a short while.
The part of Luo Zheng's body outside of Shift slowly retracted into Luo Zheng's body. Of course, it also brought the small square stone into Luo Zheng's body.
Now that the body was not under Luo Zheng's control, Luo Zheng did not feel any pain when the square stone drilled into his body.

Chapter 3595
After stuffing the square stone into Luo Zheng's body, the last bit of white membrane left outside Luo Zheng's body suddenly opened.
A blue light flashed out of the white membrane. It was actually a thumb-sized thunderbolt.
It was Thunder Fiend's main body …
Now that the Thunder Fiend's head had become so small, with Shift's strength, killing it would be as easy as blowing off dust.
However, Shift seemed to have no intention of taking Thunder Fiend's life. It retracted the remaining white membrane back into Luo Zheng's body and left.
The thumb-sized Thunder Fiend didn't expect Shift to let it go. After being stunned for a moment, it suddenly realized that this wasn't a safe place.
It was extremely weak now. Any Immortal Realm cultivator could kill it!
"Pipa!"
After shrinking, Thunder Fiend escaped quickly. It turned into a bolt of lightning and quickly disappeared before everyone's eyes.
In his mind, Luo Zheng and the Primeval Lord of Heaven were baffled when they saw Thunder Fiend escape safely.
Shift was definitely not a kind person. Why did it let Thunder Fiend live?
"Shift's way of doing things has been unpredictable since the beginning. Let's wait for the Tianzhi Civilization to decipher its words," said the Primeval Lord of Heaven.
After Shift obtained the square stone, it wailed. This wail entered Luo Zheng's ears as a low chant. Naturally, Luo Zheng wouldn't miss Shift's words. He quickly sent the chant into his inner world for the Tianzhi Civilization to decipher.
Perhaps the Tianzhi Civilization was used to Shift's language, or perhaps Shift's sentence was short, but the Tianzhi Civilization quickly gave an answer. "It said that this stone's name is the Holy Stone."
"Holy Stone?" The Primeval Lord of Heaven pondered for a moment and shook his head. "I've never heard of such a stone."
Luo Zheng thought for a moment and said, "The stone used for the ground and pillars in the Eternal God Court is very similar to that square stone. As for whether they are related, I can't tell."
Some things looked exactly the same, but their actual functions were completely different. Luo Zheng was only speaking his own guess.
No matter what, something that could interest Shift was definitely not ordinary.
And from Shift's behavior, it seemed that its initial target was not Thunder Fiend, but this stone. It had just conveniently taught Thunder Fiend a lesson.
The Wings King's group and the black-robed men followed behind them for several hundred kilometers.
When Shift toppled another pagoda mountain, a series of tremors suddenly came from the ground. The tremors spread from near to far to the east and into the distance.
"It really opened …" The Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning was very shocked.
The news of the Nirvana Realm, especially the news of the Shang Qing Heavens, in their generation, was basically stopped at the 78th chaos era. Before that, the Primeval Lord of Heaven had never communicated with the Immortal Hunters.
"If I had known this would happen, entering the Clear Jade Sky through that underground cave was just a dream of yours." Nuwa's voice came quietly.
Before this, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin thought that he could enter the Jade Clear Sky through the underground cavern.
Now, it seemed like it was just his delusion …
It would not be easy to enter the Clear Jade Sky.
"Which channel did Shift open?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Let's wait and see," said the Primeval Lord of Heaven.
"The problem is how do I get my body back?" Luo Zheng muttered.
Now, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin seemed to be more interested in Shift's goal.
Shift controlled Luo Zheng's physical body to run wildly westward, flying past numerous pagoda mountains.
After entering the extreme west of the hundreds of millions of pagoda mountains, there was a snow-covered land in front of them. It was the cold plains located in the west of the hundreds of millions of pagoda mountains.
After Shift opened the channel, its movements became much more agile. It was very sure of the direction it was heading in and stepped into the cold plains without any hesitation.
At a glance, this cold plains was a vast expanse of white, covered by snow.
In the seemingly lifeless cold plains, there were many kinds of Nirvana Realm creatures hidden.
Shift had just flown a distance when a fist-sized short-snouted evil sparrow emerged from the thick snow. There were many of these short-snouted evil sparrows, and they liked to attack their targets in groups.
"Chirp chirp …"
The short-snouted evil sparrows let out a series of chirps.
Then, thousands of short-snouted evil sparrows emerged from the snow.
The white short-snouted evil sparrows were like a snowstorm, sweeping toward the prey above.
With the terrifying attack power of the short-snouted evil sparrows, an ordinary Nirvana Realm creature would be bitten to the bone in one or two breaths.
But this time, the situation was beyond the expectations of the short-snouted evil sparrows. All the short-snouted evil sparrows were split in half by a strange force when they were three feet away from their "prey."
It was the same for the first sparrow, and so was the ten thousandth sparrow …
"Puff puff puff …"
The short-snouted evil sparrows were swept up like a snowstorm, but now they turned into a rain of blood and fell on the snow of the cold plains, leaving a shocking trail of blood.
The Wing King followed behind unhurriedly. Seeing this scene, the Blood Wolf was also amazed. "Shift's power is indeed terrifying. The cold plains are more dangerous than the blood swamp. Following Luo Zheng saves a lot of trouble …"
"Those black-robed people behind us are still following us. I don't know what they are planning. Should we communicate with them?" Fuxi pointed behind them.
Although the black-robed people did not show any hostility, they were still following them. No one could be at ease.
"I'll do it." Nuwa nodded. She turned around and glanced at the black-robed people. Then, she transmitted her voice, "Who are you? Why are you following us?"
The leader of the black-robed people was hesitant at first. After all, it was not a good idea to follow them "openly." Hearing the transmission, he replied, "We are from the Night Man Tribe. We have no evil intentions. We just want to see if there is anything we can help with …"
"Night Man Tribe?" Nuwa had never heard of this tribe.
The Blood Wolf's eyes flashed. "It's a tribe that lives in the dark domain. They look very similar to you humans, but they have always stayed in the dark domain. Their bodies are pale and colorless. They are also a powerful tribe."
Actually, there was no need for the Blood Wolf to describe them. One could judge their body size from their thick robes.
"Why are you helping us?" Nuwa asked again.
"The eggs of the Six Eagles are very important to us. Previously, dozens of us had died. Thanks to our benefactor, we got them," the leader of the black-robed people replied.
The Wing King and the others also saw the scene of the Night Man Tribe taking away the eggs. They did not expect these eggs to be so important to the Night Man Tribe.
Of course, Nuwa understood that the "benefactor" the Night Man Tribe was talking about was Luo Zheng.
"We don't need your help here. You can go back," Nuwa rejected coldly.
The situation now was very complicated. She did not want to involve these unknown people of a different tribe. It was impossible to conclude that they had no evil intentions based on just a few words.
The leader of the black-robed people suddenly said, "I know that our benefactor has been possessed by Shift. Although this enemy level Shift is extraordinary, it lacks self-awareness. It is not impossible to drive it away …"

Chapter 3596
Hearing the black-robed leader's words, Nuwa's body suddenly shook.
Fuxi, Donghuang, and the others saw Nuwa's reaction and felt even more strange. With Nuwa's personality, what did the black-robed leader say to make her react like this?
"What did the black-robed leader say?" Fuxi asked.
Nuwa blinked her eyes lightly. "They said that they have a way to get rid of Shift."
"What?"
Donghuang, Elder Ying, and Rat King's expressions suddenly changed.
"Even if they can really deal with Shift, what's their reason for doing so?" Blood Wolf asked.
The foreign races in Sanqing Heaven each had their own standpoints. Who knew what these Night Men were up to? As an Immortal Hunter, Blood Wolf was even more vigilant against these foreign races.
"He said that Luo Zheng helped them get six eagle eggs and wanted to repay his kindness," Nuwa relayed the message.
Blood Wolf shook his head and said, "They did take the six eagle eggs, but those eggs are very rare. However, it's far-fetched to think that they want to repay him based on this."
"I think so too, squeak." Rat King nodded.
Nuwa didn't refuse immediately after hearing the many answers.
She felt that the current problem was a dead knot. If there was no way to drive Shift out of Luo Zheng's body, it was meaningless for them to follow him all the way. Rushing forward rashly was just courting death.
Everyone on the eagle's back was silent. Everyone was hesitant.
"I'll grow bigger and let them come up," Wing Monarch suddenly said. "We can choose to believe them."
Blood Wolf frowned slightly. "Why do you choose to believe them?"
"Because we have no other choice," Wing Monarch said again.
Compared to the three Immortal Hunters, the others present were more aware of the importance of Luo Zheng.
They could lose anyone but Luo Zheng.
"That's true." Fuxi nodded.
"Anyway, there's no way out," Rat King said.
Nuwa smiled faintly and then transmitted her voice to the black-robed leader. "I believe you. You can come up."
As soon as the black-robed leader received Nuwa's transmission, a green light flashed across Wing Monarch's body. Then, his body expanded at a speed visible to the naked eye, turning into a huge green jade eagle.
Although this group of black-robed people could keep up with the Winged King's speed, it was still a bit strenuous. After the Winged King's speed decreased slightly, the black-robed people took advantage of the situation and jumped up, standing on the back of the Winged King.
Even though the Wings King invited them up, the two sides still maintained a certain distance.
Nuwa and her people stood at the base of the left wing of the Winged King, while the black-robed people squeezed at the base of the right wing.
"Do you really have a way to deal with Shift? Squeak! "Heaven Victorious Rat King hurriedly asked.
The leader of the black-robed men shook his head. "Shift is immortal and indestructible. Even the Elemental Spirit civilization can't deal with it, let alone us? However, we have a way to expel Shift from his body and remove him from being possessed. "
Hearing the black-robed man's words, everyone's eyes were slightly moved.
"If we can really expel Shift, that would be a great favor." Nuwa cupped her hands at the black-robed leader and said, "But I don't know what you said just now. This is an Enemy level Shift. Could it be that there are different levels of Shift?"
The black-robed leader nodded with certainty and said, "Of course there are. Although Shift is an immortal existence, there are still differences in their strength. This classification was originally set by the Elemental Spirit civilization. The Enemy level is the weakest level, the Resentment level is the middle level, and the most powerful is the Hatred level."
"Such a powerful Shift is only the weakest Enemy level …" Donghuang sighed. "Then how powerful is the most powerful Hatred level?"
Blood Wolf said with a sorrowful expression, "The Shift that destroyed the Hu Tiger Clan back then should be at the Hatred level …"
Although the Immortal Hunters were well-informed, they were not a race that lived in Shang Qing Tian after all, so they did not know that Shift was divided into different levels.
Unexpectedly, the black-robed leader shook his head and denied, "The Shift that destroyed the Hu Tiger Clan was not at the Hatred level. That Bloody Flame Shift was at the Resentment level."
Hearing the black-robed leader's words, everyone was shocked. Blood Wolf, Blood Lion, and Blood Crow's expressions changed slightly. Blood Wolf then asked, "If the Resentment level Shift is already so powerful, how powerful is the Hatred level Shift?"
The black-robed leader replied, "I don't know. This was originally defined by the Elemental Spirit civilization. As for whether there is a Hatred level Shift, that's another story. At least, I've never heard of or seen one."
"Then quickly catch up with Luo Zheng and drive that Shift away," Elder Ying said directly.
Unexpectedly, the black-robed leader waved his hand and said, "There's no hurry. If we go up now, we'll only attract Shift's attacks. Whether it's at the Hatred level or the Resentment level, Shift has a deep obsession. It won't be too late to make a move when its obsession weakens."
Hearing the black-robed leader's serious words, everyone was slightly relieved. They were waiting to see when "Luo Zheng" would stop.
The Frigid Plains was extremely vast.
Except for the pure white snow, there were almost no other colors between heaven and earth.
Occasionally, there would be blood-red blooming in front of them. That was because Shift had killed another alien race creature on the Frigid Plains.
After traveling for about two thousand miles, the snow line in front of them suddenly stopped. In front of them was a large wasteland.
They couldn't see the end of the wasteland.
"We've reached the end of the Frigid Plains …" Blood Wolf, who was standing on the eagle's back, looked dignified.
"Isn't Shift's target the Frigid Plains? Is it the wasteland in front of us? "Donghuang asked.
"How is that possible? This wasteland is the same as the plains of no return in Tai Qing Heaven. Once you enter, you can't go back. This snow line must not be crossed," Blood Wolf said in a low voice.
As soon as these words came out, everyone's expression changed.
"Shift won't control Luo Zheng to go in, right?" Winning Sky Rat King said anxiously, his thin rat tail swinging behind him.
"Who knows?"
Luo Zheng was only two or three miles away from the snow line, only one step away.
"Whoosh, whoosh!"
At this time, two snow-scaled ichthyosaurs drilled out of the snow and rushed towards Luo Zheng, one on the left and one on the right.
Shift controlled Luo Zheng to flash gently, and then he had already rushed towards the snow line and stepped into the wasteland!
The two snow-scaled ichthyosaurs, who were originally chasing Luo Zheng, had already opened their bloody mouths. Seeing that Luo Zheng had rushed out of the snow line, they were about to follow. They suddenly stopped in the air, flipped, and fell back into the snow line.
Although the snow-scaled ichthyosaurs didn't have much intelligence, the rule of not crossing the snow line was almost engraved in their bones.
They peeked out of the snow and looked at Luo Zheng with pity. This human was already a dead man.
On the back of Wing King, Fuxi, Donghuang, and the others showed despair on their faces.
No one expected that after chasing for so long, they would get such a result.
"Beyond the snow line is a place of no return. Shift actually allowed our benefactor to enter there. Who would have thought, who would have thought …" The black-robed leader sighed.
Nuwa stared at Luo Zheng's back and said seriously, "Shift spent so much effort to open a path through the hundreds of millions of pagodas. This path can't be a dead end."
"Lady Nuwa means …" Winning Sky Rat King said.
"Follow him in," Nuwa said firmly.

Chapter 3597
"It's too dangerous to enter this wasteland," Blood Wolf replied immediately.
Blood Lion and Blood Crow nodded in agreement.
It was more than dangerous.
They were gambling with their lives.
The three Immortal Hunters were willing to follow Luo Zheng, but that didn't mean they were willing to die in this way.
Nuwa looked at Blood Wolf with a deep gaze. "Of course, I won't force everyone here, and I'll be the first to enter."
The Land of No Return, as the name implied, meant that after crossing the snow line, there was no possibility of looking back, and there was no possibility of turning back.
If Nuwa was safe, the others naturally wouldn't have this concern.
"I'll go with you," Fuxi said.
Nuwa looked at Fuxi and nodded. "Okay."
The two Lords of Li Mountain were very clear about the current situation. If they really failed, everything would be destroyed. The only difference was whether they could live a little longer.
To the Immortal Realm experts who had lived for countless years, this little bit of time was like a white steed passing a crack. It didn't mean much.
"I'll take care of the two snow-scale ichthyosaurs," Blood Wolf said.
The two snow-scale ichthyosaurs hiding in the snow revealed a pair of small eyes, greedily watching the group above. If Nuwa and Fuxi went down, they would definitely be attacked.
"Whoosh …"
Blood Wolf jumped down from Wing King's back and rushed toward the two snow-scale ichthyosaurs.
The two snow-scale ichthyosaurs saw that their prey had voluntarily come to their door, and their eyes flashed with greed. They suddenly drilled out of the snow and opened their bloody mouths.
When Blood Wolf rushed to the front of the snow-scale ichthyosaurs, his body suddenly turned into a thin thread, wrapping around the ichthyosaurs.
"Buzz!"
At the same time, the Blood Lion and Blood Crow brothers took out a black sun again. Under the strong suction force, the two snow-scale ichthyosaurs had no chance to resist and were sucked into the black sun.
"Hiss …"
Blood Wolf's body was then formed by the thin threads one by one, returning to its original appearance.
The black-robed people saw the cooperation of the three Immortal Hunters and exclaimed in unison. The cooperation between the Immortal Hunters was indeed exquisite.
Nuwa and Fuxi didn't hesitate too much, and didn't even tell Donghuang and the others what to do.
The two of them lightly swept their bodies and came to the snow line.
The thick snow stopped abruptly here, forming a low snow slope. Below the slope was a barren wasteland.
Standing on the small snow slope, the two of them could still see Luo Zheng's back gradually disappearing. Nuwa and Fuxi looked at each other. There was no fear in their eyes, and they stepped forward according to the position Luo Zheng had entered.
After crossing the snow line, Nuwa and Fuxi took a few steps into the wilderness.
The people on the Winged King's back stared at their every move.
"Can you turn back?"
"God bless …"
"I hope this isn't a dead end!"
They prayed in their hearts.
Nuwa turned around almost at the same time as Fuxi, revealing a faint smile.
Fuxi stepped back into the snow line and said, "There is a path here that should be safe. Don't worry!"
After Fuxi returned to the snow line, he entered the Wilderness and traveled back and forth between the two regions.
The road in the Wilderness was obviously different in color from the surrounding soil. However, no one could see the difference in the snow line. Only when they entered the Wilderness could they notice the difference.
"I'll go take a look!"
Donghuang also jumped lightly. His body was as light as a swallow as he floated into the Wilderness along the snow line.
After entering the Wilderness, he looked down and saw a slightly dark road extending into the distance. Luo Zheng stepped on the far end of this road.
Seeing that the few of them could enter and exit at will, the three Immortal Hunters were relieved.
If it wasn't a life-or-death situation, they would still be willing to investigate and lend a hand.
The black-robed men also discussed and quickly reached a consensus. They silently crossed the snow line.
In the end, only the Winged King was left floating in the air. Its body suddenly shrank by ten times. After it became about ten feet tall, it also entered the Wilderness along the snow line.
After the Winged King entered, Nuwa turned back to the snow line to take a look.
Her ten fingers trembled slightly, and two crimson energy beams shot out. With a sudden swing of her arms, the two energy beams left her body, and one to the left and one to the right of the snow line, madly rushing towards the two sides.
The snow line within 15 kilometers on both sides was destroyed by the energy beams before she turned around and left.
Not long after …
In the vast snowfield, two transparent light balls floated over.
In one of the transparent balls of light, there was a young girl with a tall figure floating. That was Ah Huo herself. In the other ball of light, there was a complete set of armor. Six light wings were gently dancing behind the armor. This was Jie Yan.
"They disappeared from here." Fire pointed to the front.
"The snow line has been destroyed. The path can't be determined." Jie Yan looked down.
Fire frowned, showing a trace of disbelief. "Using such a clumsy method to cover up the traces, are they trying to deceive us that they really entered the Wilderness of No Return?"
The Elemental Spirit civilization named this Wilderness as the "Wilderness of No Return".
"Maybe they really entered the Wilderness of No Return. After all, there is indeed a path opened in the hundreds of millions of towers." Jie Yan judged. The reason he made this judgment was exactly the same as Nuwa. After all, every path opened in the hundreds of millions of towers was unusual. Even the "Wilderness of No Return" might have a path to return.
However, Fire looked at Jie Yan with a mocking expression and said, "Let Claire control the Holy Wing Armor. All the clansmen inside the armor should come out. They must be hiding in the snowfield. We must find them even if we have to dig three feet into the ground!"
In the face of Fire's proposal, Jie Yan fell silent.
Strictly speaking, Jie Yan's power was greater than that of Fire and Thunder Fiend. Its status was second only to the Eye Spirit.
But there were thousands of Elemental Spirit clansmen in Jie Yan's body. They also had differences among themselves. Some believed that Luo Zheng and the others were hiding in the snowfield, while the other believed that Luo Zheng and the others had broken into the Wilderness of No Return.
During his silent breaths, the Elemental Spirit clansmen in his body had a fierce debate. The debate quickly concluded. Most people believed that Luo Zheng and the others were hiding in the snowfield. Then the Elemental Spirit clansmen in various forms drilled out of the "Holy Wing Armor".
These Elemental Spirit clansmen carried out a carpet search in the snowfield according to Fire's instructions.
Two gray lights flashed on the helmet of the Holy Wing Armor. Now the Holy Wing Armor was controlled by Claire alone.
"Thank you, Fire." Claire couldn't hide the joy in her voice.
Fire glanced at her casually. "Although Thunder Fiend was seriously injured, it didn't die. If you really want to control the Holy Wing Armor forever, perform well during this period of time."
This Holy Wing Armor had an extraordinary status in the Elemental Spirit civilization. Being able to control the Holy Wing Armor was not only a great honor, but also a manifestation of one's ability.
"How good do I have to perform?" Claire asked.
"Good enough to impress the Eye Spirit." Fire replied.
"Of course!" Claire nodded.
The snow on the snowfield was constantly rolling. Occasionally, alien creatures were dug out, but they were quickly killed by the Elemental Spirit clansmen.
From the looks of it, they wouldn't stop until they found Luo Zheng and the others.

Chapter 3598
The road in the Wasteland of No Return was not a straight line, but curved all the way to the end as far as the eye could see.
Shift controlled Luo Zheng's body to move backward. His speed was not considered fast.
Everyone kept a distance of several hundred feet from Luo Zheng and followed closely behind.
They kept moving forward, from dawn to dusk, and from dusk to dawn. Luo Zheng was still moving forward steadily, without any sign of stopping.
"How far have we walked?" Nuwa asked.
Fuxi had been counting his steps since entering the Wasteland. When Nuwa asked, he replied, "About four hundred miles."
Walking a few hundred miles in dozens of hours was like a snail's pace for everyone present.
"Then we are more than four hundred miles away from Shang Qing Tian," Blood Wolf sighed.
There was no scenery in this Wasteland. No matter how far they walked, it was still the same area.
Although they knew that they could return at any time, there was still a trace of panic in their hearts.
"Leave Shang Qing Tian?" The leader of the black-robed men heard this and nodded in agreement. "There is nothing wrong with this statement."
Although Shang Qing Tian was not small, its scope was limited.
The Wasteland of No Return surrounding Shang Qing Tian obviously did not belong to Shang Qing Tian.
"If we keep going like this, I don't know where we will go, squeak," Rat King said.
"We can't keep going like this," Donghuang shrugged and smiled optimistically.
At this moment, Nuwa suddenly pointed to the front and said, "Everyone, look to the side."
Everyone's eyes were focused on the front, but Nuwa inadvertently saw a black line on the side.
"What is that?" Blood Wolf's eyes revealed a look of surprise.
After walking in this Wasteland for so long, everything they saw was very strange.
"I can't see clearly."
"It's too far …"
"I can't tell."
Everyone looked into the distance, but the black line was too far away to be distinguished. Looking at it from such a distance, it looked like a thin black snake lying on the ground.
"It's a river," Wing King suddenly said from behind everyone.
"Wing King can see it clearly? Squeak! "Rat King asked.
"Good eyesight," Blood Wolf nodded.
They all thought that Yi Wang's eyesight was far superior to everyone else's. Unexpectedly, Yi Wang shook his head and said, "Luo Zheng told me."
Luo Zheng was still communicating with the Winged Monarch through the Instrument of Civilization in his Inner World. Luo Zheng could also see through his own eyes. His current eyesight was far superior to the group behind him.
"A river in the Wilderness? Why is there a river here? "Nuwa asked suspiciously.
"Luo Zheng said it's the Celestial River," Yi Wang continued.
When everyone heard this, their expressions changed slightly.
Blood Wolf was lost in thought.
The origin of the divine river was the Jade Clear Heaven, flowing all the way through the Grand Clear Heaven and the High Clear Heaven.
If they kept going upstream along the Divine River, they should be able to return to the Jade Clear Sky.
But theory was just theory. No one had ever succeeded.
"The Divine River in Tai Qing Heaven flows upstream and reaches the central plain of Tai Qing Heaven. That plain should be connected to the Wilderness," Blood Wolf suddenly concluded.
"That is to say, the boundless center of Tai Qing Heaven is actually connected to the extension of the Grand Clear Heaven," Nuwa also thought of this.
Fuxi chuckled, "The person who designed San Qing Heaven is really interesting."
Everyone discussed as they walked. They found that the line of the Divine River converged from afar. As they got closer, they could naturally see it more clearly.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
There was the sound of waves in the Divine River. Then, something golden flashed across the river.
"It's a Golden Bite," Rat King Sheng said.
When these Golden Bites appeared, they could swallow everything in the river along the way.
"If we can enter the Divine River here, I don't know how many good things we can get," Donghuang's eyes also revealed a covetous look.
He had been active in the Divine River for a long time. The competition in the Divine River in the Blazing Maple Forest was extremely fierce. Here, no one fought for the items in the Divine River. It was really first come, first served.
"I think you'd better give up this idea. When we get out of this road, you and I are most likely dead," Elder Ying said with a strange smile.
Donghuang shrugged, "Maybe this road will intersect with the Divine River."
He had gained a lot of benefits in the Divine River. He had also helped many Holy Soul Realm experts in Tai Yi Heavenly Palace. He really hoped to enter the Divine River to fish for some rare Nirvana tokens.
And the Divine River was really like what Donghuang said. It was getting closer and closer to the road under their feet.
One river was only three feet away. Just as Donghuang was full of expectations, the ground in front of them suddenly bulged.
Two brass brackets arched out from the ground, forcibly forming an entrance to a cave.
The material of the brass brackets was exactly the same as the copper mountains on the Trillion Pagoda Mountains. Obviously, the passage opened by Treacherous was undoubtedly this cave.
"Could it be that the mechanisms at the bottom of the Trillion Pagoda Mountains extend all the way here?" Rat King Sheng asked.
"Definitely not," Blood Wolf shook his head and denied, "If so, wouldn't it be easy to find these passages in Shangqing Heaven by following the underground mechanisms?"
"That's true …" Rat King Sheng nodded.
Luo Zheng walked to the cave and paused. He suddenly turned his head and opened his mouth wide.
"That guy is here again!"
Fuxi curled his lips and destroyed the hearing in his ears.
Everyone was deeply afraid of Treacherous's wailing. Before Treacherous could wail, they had already destroyed their own hearing. Their actions were uniform.
After wailing at the entrance of the cave for a while, Luo Zheng quickly drilled into the cave.
The others did not stop and followed closely behind.
Unexpectedly, the cave was very shallow. It was only ten feet away from the end.
Above the end of the cave, there were densely packed fish hooks hanging down.
These fish hooks shone with a light blue luster and were very conspicuous in the darkness.
Treacherous was obviously familiar with this. He jumped up and bit one of the fish hooks with his mouth.
Luo Zheng's whole body was suspended in the air, twisting the fish hook, like a fish that had bitten the hook.
While Luo Zheng, Yuanshi Tianzun, and the others in the cave were puzzled in their minds, a huge force came from above and dragged Luo Zheng into the darkness above the cave.
It was as if a fisherman had caught a fish …
"Luo Zheng has been caught!" Rat King Sheng exclaimed.
"This cave is only ten feet deep. According to this slope, it should only be ten feet high. Why does the space above seem to be extraordinarily large?" Fuxi was puzzled.
"The space rules in Shangqing Heaven are extremely chaotic. Let's go up and have a look." Nuwa stepped forward and looked at the fish hooks.
"Squeak, how do we go up? Is it the same as Luo Zheng? "Winning Sky Rat King asked.
"That's the only way."
As Nuwa spoke, she leaped up and bit down on the hook that was hanging down from an unknown location.
After hanging for a while, there was no intention of retracting the rod.
Nuwa could only twist her slender body like Luo Zheng. She frowned and felt a little depressed. Suddenly, she felt a huge force in her mouth and was dragged up in an instant.

Chapter 3599
After Nuwa was dragged away, it was Fuxi's turn.
Fuxi walked to the bottom of the fish hook and glanced at it. He gently jumped up and stretched out two fingers to pinch the fish hook. His body suddenly pulled down a few times.
He thought that this fish hook didn't necessarily have to be bitten, so he was completely trying.
If the fish hook couldn't drag him up, it wouldn't be too late for him to bite it.
Unexpectedly, after he pulled three or four times, the fish hook pulled him up with a whoosh.
Everyone in the cave came to a realization. It turned out that they only needed to grab the fish hook.
Thus, Donghuang, Elder Ying, and Rat King Sheng followed suit. After grabbing the fish hook, they were dragged up.
The three Immortal Hunters were the same.
In the end, only the Wing Monarch and the black-robed men were left.
The black-robed leader glanced at the Wing Monarch and said, "We'll go up too, but we have to leave eight people here to guard."
"No need. If you want to go up, go up together. I'll seal the cave," the Wing Monarch said.
This cave was everyone's only way out. The Wing Monarch had to make arrangements.
Although he chose to believe in the Night Humans, he still chose to believe in himself when it came to crucial matters.
The black-robed leader also understood that the Wing Monarch and the others couldn't completely trust them. He said straightforwardly, "That's good. I'll lead my clansmen up!"
Many black-robed men also grabbed the fish hooks and shook them hard before being dragged up.
After everyone was pulled away by the fish hooks, the Wing Monarch looked at the cave entrance and gently spread his wings.
"Hualala …"
Streams of emerald green liquid flowed out from the Wing Monarch's wings. The green liquid was like soft jade that could flow. It flowed behind the Wing Monarch and quickly sealed the entire cave entrance.
"Buzz!"
After completely sealing, this large piece of jade emitted a burst of green light and completely solidified.
This green jade was extremely sturdy. If one didn't use the unique methods of the Green Jade Civilization, it would take a lot of effort to break it open.
After blocking the cave entrance, the Wing Monarch went forward and bit the fish hook. After shaking a few times, he was pulled into the space above like the others.
Above was a vertical passage …
The passage was surrounded by a spiral space.
From this perspective, one couldn't tell the size of this space.
If it was in the Chaos World, these people would probably let go of the fish hook to explore and understand the secrets of this space.
But in this situation, everyone was holding on to the hook tightly. If they let go of it, they might be lost in this space forever.
The most depressed person among them was Nuwa.
When she saw Luo Zheng being dragged up, she was also eager to follow. She didn't think for too long and simply used her mouth to bite the hook.
In the end, he found that Fuxi, Donghuang, Elder Ying, and the others were all holding the hooks with their fingers …
Nuwa was extremely depressed. She glared at Fuxi, who was not far away, while being dragged by the fish hook.
Fuxi had a helpless look on his face and could only smile bitterly to himself.
If only he had known that he would bite the hook like Nuwa …
Fortunately, the hooks didn't rise too fast. Nuwa slowly reached out to her lips and pinched the hooks tightly with her fingers.
"Phew …"
About an hour later, everyone saw a green and blue light intertwining above them.
The light in the space was like waves of water, bobbing up and down.
Luo Zheng slowly ascended. When he crossed the blue-green waves, circles of blue-green ripples spread out.
Everyone below was surprised.
Looking at this situation, everyone seemed to be in some kind of special "water". But this "water" didn't exist after all. It was just the situation above that made them look like it.
Soon, it was Nuwa's, Fuxi's, Donghuang's, and the others' turn.
When they crossed the blue-green waves, circles of blue-green ripples were also rolled up, as if they were all fish out of the water.
The moment they crossed the blue-green ripples, a brand-new scene appeared in front of everyone.
Everyone was in a huge square pool, and around the pool were huge bronze statues. They were human statues.
The bronze statues sat cross-legged beside the square pool, holding long fishing rods in their hands. Naturally, the hooks were hanging from these fishing rods.
The statues were very huge, and the fishing rods were not small either. They were four to five hundred feet long and had a thickness that required two people to wrap their arms around.
Luo Zheng bit the hook and climbed onto the fishing rods, jumping along the long fishing rods and onto one of the statues.
"Why are there so many human statues …" Yuanshi Tianzun said in surprise.
Luo Zheng looked at them for a while and said, "Instead of saying that they are human statues, they are more like statues of human spirits."
These bronze statues were very similar to the ones in the Eternal Holy Court, but the bronze statues beside the pool looked different.
Some had long hair, some had bald heads, and some were very old. Some were sitting and some were standing, but they were all very lifelike. These bronze statues were definitely not nameless people.
Yuanshi Tianzun thought for a while and agreed with Luo Zheng's speculation.
The furthest the 77th civilization had gone in the Three Pure Heavens was the underground kiln that they were trapped in.
As the leader, Yuanshi Tianzun was naturally very clear about this.
It was impossible for a branch of humans to come here and build this huge pool and towering statues.
There was only one possibility. These were the human spirits of the Four Spirits Sect.
Luo Zheng silently counted the statues beside the pool. "Two hundred bronze statues."
"Corresponding to the two hundred Phantoms in the Wailing Path?" Yuanshi Tianzun's eyes lit up slightly.
"Of course." Luo Zheng nodded.
Yuanshi Tianzun had previously told Luo Zheng that Phantoms were most likely the souls of the Cha Na civilization.
Judging from the number of bronze statues, there was a high probability that this speculation was true.
Phantoms controlled Luo Zheng to walk a distance and stopped in front of a bronze statue in the corner of the pool.
This bronze statue was a human youth. He had curly hair and was lying on the ground lazily, hugging a fishing rod tightly.
When Phantoms saw the bronze statue, its consciousness sobered up a little. It actually controlled Luo Zheng to go forward and touch the statue's face. At the same time, it let out a series of low wails.
This time, the wails were more sudden. The group of people following behind didn't have time to destroy their hearing and could only listen to them.
But after the wails, Nuwa, Fuxi, Donghuang, and the others looked at each other.
Although Phantoms' wails were as unpleasant as ever, they were completely tolerable.
Even the unpleasant feeling that emanated from Luo Zheng's body had lessened by many times.
"Has Phantoms' power weakened? The wails that wanted to kill people are no longer so unpleasant. Squeak! "Victorious Sky Rat King said.
"This Phantoms' obsession has weakened," the black-robed leader reminded from behind. "The statue lying on the ground is either Phantoms or is very important to it."
"Their obsession has weakened?" Fuxi's eyes lit up slightly. "Can't you drive them out of Luo Zheng's body?"
"There's no hurry." The black-robed leader seemed very confident. "This is Phantoms' home. Their obsession will only get weaker and weaker. At that time, I'll be more confident."

Chapter 3600
Although the Winged King had accepted these black-robed people before.
But Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others still had doubts about the black-robed leader's words.
One must know that this group of black-robed people couldn't even deal with the six eagles, how could they deal with the more powerful Shift?
However, the black-robed leader's so-called obsession was verified, and the expectations in everyone's hearts suddenly increased a lot.
While Shift was wailing in front of this statue, Luo Zheng had already transmitted the chanting he heard into his body.
Soon, the Tianzhi civilization transmitted the deciphering result.
"I remember …"
"My name is Tianchuan!"
"I … revenge!"
After Luo Zheng and Yuanshi Tianzun heard these words, their hearts jumped slightly.
Sly Fox's words revealed two pieces of information.
Its name was "Tianchuan," and it had enemies.
As the "soul" of the Cha Na civilization, Shift's enemy certainly couldn't be the Yuanling civilization or the Wukong clan. It must also be a creature of the Xuanliang world.
"Who could its enemy be?" Luo Zheng asked in a low voice.
"Who do you think is qualified to be the enemy of the Human Spirits?" Yuanshi Tianzun asked back.
"According to the strength of the Four Spirits Sect, there should be no one in the Xuanliang world who can fight against the Four Spirits. The enemy of the Human Spirits may be the other three spirits," Luo Zheng analyzed.
Yuanshi Tianzun nodded, "There must be disputes in the Four Spirits Sect, otherwise things wouldn't have come to this point."
The "author" in the immortal scroll was unwilling to reveal more, and many pieces of information could only be pieced together like fragments.
Now, Luo Zheng could only piece together a rough picture of what Shift was saying.
"Da da da …"
After Shift's wailing, it took a step forward and ran all the way.
Next to this huge pool was an aisle paved with bluestones, and at the end of the aisle stood a door.
After Shift went forward and pushed the door open, an open world appeared in front of Luo Zheng. It was a starry sky.
Countless blazing white light spots were densely arranged in the sky, sometimes far away, sometimes close …
Gazing up, it seemed that one's soul was about to be sucked into the starry sky.
"The Xuanliang world …" Luo Zheng recognized it at a glance.
"This place is so close to the outside of the Chaos?" The Primeval Lord of Heaven's eyes flashed.
In many places in the Three Pure Heaven, one could see the starlight filling the sky, and one's eyesight could reach the outer domain.
However, those places were very far away from the starry sky, and there was an insurmountable force field between them at a height of hundreds of miles. So far, no one had been able to cross this force field. The Immortal Realm of the Three Clear Heavens and the alien race naturally had no way to explore the Xuanliang World, and the only way to reach the heavens was in the hands of the Elemental Spirit Civilization.
"Senior Heavenly Primogenitor, look into the distance." Luo Zheng's voice became excited again.
The two of them looked into the distance and saw huge circular trays floating in the air. These trays were like water lilies floating on water. The pillars in the center were like the roots of the water lilies that extended down into the void.
These round trays were of different sizes. Luo Zheng's group was sitting on a smaller tray.
Yuanshi Tianzun looked around and said with certainty, "This is probably the top level of Sanqing Heaven, Yuqing Heaven."
"Yes, I think so too." Luo Zheng nodded.
In fact, when Shift was being dragged up with the fish hook in her mouth, Yuanshi Tianzun and Luo Zheng had already guessed this, but they were not very sure. After all, this could be a special space.
However, so many round trays and the Xuanliang World at such a close distance were strong evidence.
"In that case, the path in the underground kiln should also lead to Yuqing Heaven. I just don't know which tray that path leads to," Yuanshi Tianzun said with a look of sudden realization.
At first, Yuanshi Tianzun thought that only one path could be opened in the mountain of towers, which was the underground kiln where the 36 heroes of the Human Clan were trapped.
After the Immortal Hunters passed on some information about the mountain of towers to Yuanshi Tianzun through the Wing King, Yuanshi Tianzun realized that there was more than one path opened in the mountain of towers. Other than the path in the underground kiln, there were three paths for the Elemental Spirit Civilization and the Wu Kong Clan.
As for where these paths led to, it was still unknown.
Now he understood …
Every path opened in the mountain of towers led to Yuqing Heaven.
However, Yuqing Heaven was divided into large and small round trays. Different paths naturally led to different trays.
The people behind Luo Zheng also looked at everything in this world. Their eyes were wide open, and their faces were full of shock.
"This must be Yuqing Heaven!"
"It's a branch of Yuqing Heaven."
"The mountain of towers is indeed the key to Yuqing Heaven …"
As everyone sighed in low voices, Shift continued to walk forward.
Although the round tray they were on was not big, it was more than ten miles in length and width.
After Shift walked for a while, mysterious patterns appeared on the ground. These patterns were not Sanskrit, and Luo Zheng did not let the Tianzhi Civilization decipher them.
After a while, Shift stopped next to one of the patterns. She controlled Luo Zheng's body and gently stomped her feet.
Then there was a vibration from the ground.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
From the bottom of those patterns, three-foot square stone pillars drilled out.
These stone pillars were neatly arranged, and there were exactly 200 of them. The inside of the stone pillars was hollow, and in this hollow space were sets of silver armor.
The armor and weapons were of different shapes and sizes, but the style was the same.
"These are the things of Shift when they were alive," Yuanshi Tianzun judged.
When Fuxi, Nuwa, and especially Rat King Sheng Tian saw these things, their eyes suddenly revealed a fiery color.
If "Human Spirits" were the Ksana Civilization, then these things were the weapons of the Ksana Civilization. The grades of these weapons could not be defined in the Chaos.
Shift walked up to one of the stone pillars and reached her hand into the stone pillar.
"Buzz!"
The armor in the stone pillar made a sharp sound and vibrated quickly with a slight amplitude.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
All the armor flew out, and as if they knew their master, they kept attaching themselves to Luo Zheng's shoulders, head, neck, chest, and legs.
In the blink of an eye, these armors were on Luo Zheng's body, and a silver spear appeared in his hand.
Shift gently raised the silver spear.
"Buzz!"
A bright silver light was released from the armor and spear.
At the same time, a terrifying energy was released.
The moment the people behind felt this energy, they all frantically retreated.
They only stopped when they were several hundred feet away from Luo Zheng …
"Just the energy contained in the armor is so terrifying?" Nuwa was shocked.
"This is something of the Ksana Civilization, squeak!"
Rat King Sheng Tian's eyes spun, and all its thoughts were on the armor in the stone pillars.
After going through so much to reach this place, how could it return empty-handed?

Chapter 3601
Sheng Tian Rat King was not the only one who was tempted. Everyone else's eyes flashed with a touch of passion.
However, they had just arrived in this completely unfamiliar environment. Who knew if there were any powerful restrictions in these stone pillars. Naturally, now was not the time to make a move.
After sizing them up for a while, their eyes once again converged on Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng had been standing there with his long spear, motionless like a statue.
However, during this process, the aura of the treacherous aura in his body was getting weaker and weaker. Or rather, the feeling of being unable to surpass it was rapidly diminishing.
"The treacherous aura has weakened. Did you say that you could drive it out of Luo Zheng's body?" Nuwa turned and asked the black-robed man leader.
The black-robed man leader nodded. He also felt that this was a good opportunity.
He turned around and counted the two black-robed men. Then, they walked over to Luo Zheng's side.
The two black-robed men stood on either side of Luo Zheng. Then, they took out a small black mirror from their bodies. Then, the two men chanted something. A black light shot out from the small black mirror.
Nuwa and the others saw the black light and raised their eyebrows slightly. They naturally understood that it was the Dark Domain.
Things inside the Dark Domain could not be brought into the Light Domain. Most things that entered the Light Domain would quickly melt like ice sculptures under the scorching sun.
Then, the black-robed man leader walked into the black light. When the black light completely enveloped him, he gently raised his left hand. Then, his right hand gently patted the wrist of his left hand. At the same time, he whispered, "Come out, little guy. It's very safe here … …"
A small gecko drilled out from the sleeve of his robe.
The gecko's body was jet black. However, its eyes flashed with a golden light. It spat out a dark red tongue.
The Dark Domain reflected by the two small mirrors was absolute darkness. The people outside could not see the gecko. However, they could see two small golden light spots in the darkness.
After everything was ready, the black-robed man leader ordered, "Ah Chao, feed him a Fruit of Darkness."
This gecko was very fragile. The Dark Domain was prepared for it. The gecko could not leave the Dark Domain. Therefore, they could only let Luo Zheng enter the Dark Domain. Letting Luo Zheng swallow the Fruit of Darkness was naturally the first choice.
The black-robed man named Ah Chao was about to take out the Fruit of Darkness when Nuwa reminded him, "Luo Zheng is the Lord of the 13th Layer of Heaven. He is not afraid of the erosion of the Dark Domain."
"The Lord of the Thirteenth Heaven?" The black-robed leader raised his eyebrows slightly.
In the eyes of the leader of the Night Man Clan, weren't the Heavenly Lords of the Nirvana Realm creatures?
Luo Zheng actually became the Master of Heaven?
"In that case, there's no need for that." The leader of the black-robed men was surprised. He signaled his subordinate to aim the small mirror at Luo Zheng. The black light emitted from the small mirror enveloped Luo Zheng. The leader of the black-robed men reached out and placed the black gecko next to Luo Zheng's ear.
The black gecko seemed to have sensed something. It jumped onto Luo Zheng's head, and its long tail drilled into Luo Zheng's ear.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
The golden light in the black gecko's eyes flashed and dimmed. The golden light traveled along its spine to its tail, and then drilled into Luo Zheng's body through its ears.
This little gecko looked weak, but in fact, it was very effective against all kinds of spirits. It could be said that evil spirits could not invade one's body when one carried it around.
Shift's situation was special. It could not be defined as a spirit. However, the golden light emitted by the black gecko was extremely disgusting to Shift, so it could drive it away.
Of course, the premise was that Shift was in a more gentle state. Otherwise, Shift could easily kill this little gecko. Therefore, the leader of the black-robed men waited for Shift's obsession to weaken before making a move.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
Wisps of golden light entered Luo Zheng's ears. Soon, Luo Zheng's pupils, which had been rolling back, began to flicker with golden light.
When the leader of the black-robed men saw the golden light in Luo Zheng's eyes, a hint of joy appeared on his face. He was probably going to succeed.
After a while, Luo Zheng's body trembled slightly, and his eyes suddenly closed.
The leader of the black-robed men reached out his hand over Luo Zheng's head. The black gecko leaped onto his arm and drilled into his sleeve.
After the two black-robed men on the left and right withdrew the black domain, they followed their leader and took a few steps back.
Everyone's gazes converged on Luo Zheng again.
After a few breaths of time, Luo Zheng's eyelids trembled, and his eyes gradually opened.
His eyes had returned to normal, and his gaze was abnormally calm.
"Did we succeed?"
Donghuang and the others were delighted.
Luo Zheng did not respond. He continued to look at everyone with a calm gaze. There was no emotion in his eyes, as if he was looking at a group of insects.
Fuxi saw that something was amiss and asked, "Are you Luo Zheng?"
Luo Zheng frowned slightly and said, "Wuwuwuwu …"
There was still a series of wails …
The wails became very low and no longer piercing.
However, everyone immediately understood that this was still not Luo Zheng. It was Shift who had possessed him.
"What's going on?" Fuxi stared at the leader of the black-robed men and asked.
The leader of the black-robed men shook his head. "I don't know what went wrong. Logically speaking, Shift should have left!"
"Luo Zheng, can you respond to me?" Donghuang Chao called out to Luo Zheng.
Although Luo Zheng could not control his physical body now, his soul was still in his mind. He should be able to communicate.
However, Luo Zheng's soul did not respond at all …
Everyone present looked at each other. The problem at hand seemed to be completely unsolvable.
Just as they were at a loss, the Wing Monarch suddenly said, "Let's go."
"Why?" Nuwa asked.
"Luo Zheng sent me a message through the Instrument of Civilization. The wails he made just now were Shift's warning," the Wing Monarch replied.
"Warning about what?" Nuwa asked again.
"This place will become very dangerous. He wants us to leave quickly," the Wing Monarch replied.
Shift had completely awakened just now. It had completely imprisoned Luo Zheng's soul. Naturally, Luo Zheng could not communicate with it through Divine Sense.
After the Tianzhi civilization deciphered Shift's words, Luo Zheng asked the Green Jade Spirit to inform the Wing Monarch through the Instrument of Civilization.
"Then let's retreat first," Blood Wolf said with a frown.
"Leave Luo Zheng alone here?" Nuwa frowned.
"…"
Just as everyone was still hesitating, the sound of bones being chewed suddenly came from not far away.
"Kaka … Kaka … Kaka …"
Everyone looked over and saw a monster with a big head and a small body crawling not far away.
The monster's mouth was constantly chewing, and a pair of legs hung out from its mouth. Judging from the clothes on the legs, it was the legs of a black-robed man!
"What kind of monster is this!"
"Who is it? Who was eaten by it?
"Ah Zhu is gone. It ate Ah Zhu!"
Those black-robed men were originally standing at the back of the team. Unknowingly, one of them was eaten by the big-headed monster. The black-robed men suddenly burst into an uproar.
"Wait, there seems to be one person missing. Where's Le 'er?" A black-robed man asked in a panic after counting the number of people.
"Kaka … Kaka … Kaka …"
On the other side of the crowd, another big-headed monster appeared like a ghost. The big-headed monster also unknowingly picked up a person and chewed leisurely. More than half of the black-robed man named "Le 'er" was still exposed outside of the big-headed monster's mouth.
After the special robes of the Night Man Clan were bitten, their bodies were quickly eroded in the light field. However, the speed of erosion was far slower than the chewing speed of the big-headed monster.

Chapter 3602
The Immortal Realm experts present kept their Divine Senses on alert at all times.
Among them, the Wing King was particularly sensitive. Even if something as small as a mosquito approached, he could quickly detect it.
However, two big-headed monsters appeared quietly and even took away two black-robed men. This was very strange!
"Kacha, kacha, kacha …"
"Help me …"
The black-robed man named Le 'er still had a trace of consciousness and made a weak cry for help. In addition to the cry for help, the sound of bones rejecting him also stimulated everyone's eardrums in this quiet environment.
The other black-robed men could not help but step forward to attack the big-headed monsters to save Le 'er.
"Stop!"
The leader of the black-robed men scolded.
"But Le 'er …"
A black-robed man said anxiously. Le 'er was his best brother. How could he watch him be eaten bite by bite?
"I said, don't go over," the leader of the black-robed men said firmly.
As the leader of the Night Man Clan, he had affection for everyone in the clan. Now, his clansmen were in the mouth of the monsters dozens of feet away, but he did not save them. It was not that he did not want to save them, but that he could not.
The other black-robed men fell silent.
Even though their expressions could not be seen through the thick robes, they could still feel the helplessness in their hearts.
"What is this?" Blood Wolf asked in a low voice. His hands had turned into thin spider webs, ready to react at any time. The Immortal Hunters were at most in Shang Qing Sky. They did not have a basic understanding of Freaks and Jade Sky.
"That is also a Freak. It is an enemy level Freak. It belongs to the species of slaughter," the leader of the black-robed men replied.
"Species of slaughter … What does that mean?" Blood Wolf asked again.
"Most Freaks have their own purposes. For example, the Freak that possessed Luo Zheng will only attack when its purpose is blocked. However, species of slaughter are not. Their purpose is to kill," the leader of the black-robed men explained in a low voice and continued, "So we have to leave here!"
"Let's go!"
Blood Wolf said one word.
The three Immortal Hunters hurried toward the gate.
Nuwa glanced at Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng still looked like he had regained his consciousness. He looked at everyone with a calm gaze.
This Freak warned them with a wail and asked them to leave. Obviously, it was out of kindness.
With this kindness as a guarantee, it should not … hurt Luo Zheng, right?
"Take care."
Nuwa didn't care whether Luo Zheng could hear her or not. She turned around and left with Fuxi and the other Immortal Realm experts.
The two big-headed monsters were about ten feet away from the group. They were still squatting on the ground and slowly chewing on the two black-robed men. They didn't seem to have any intention of pouncing on them. They just stared at the group with their huge and ugly eyes.
As they walked past them, everyone felt a chill run down their spines, and their hair stood on end.
In addition to the treacherous feeling that made people very unhappy, there was also a trace of cruelty, a murderous aura that looked down on all life.
Everyone's eyes didn't linger on the big-headed monster. Instead, they stared at the door. After entering the door, they should be safe.
However, when they were still three to four miles away from the gate, more than ten huge heads emerged from the edge of the circular tray!
These big-headed monsters seemed to have discussed it beforehand. After climbing up from the edge of the circular tray, they began to gather in the middle.
"So many! Squeak, squeak, squeak! "The Heaven Victorious Rat King's bean-sized eyes were also wide open.
"Charge in!" Donghuang said in a low voice.
They couldn't even deal with a normal treacherous monster, but there were more than ten of them here. Moreover, according to the black-robed leader, these slaughtering monsters were far more dangerous than normal treacherous monsters.
What they didn't know was that there was a huge black head hanging from the bottom of the circular tray.
This black head was about ten thousand feet tall. Its eyes were tightly shut, and it seemed to be in a deep sleep.
On the neck of this black head, there were many big-headed monsters stuck together. They looked like a bunch of grapes.
These big-headed monsters were constantly falling off the neck of the black head. After falling off, they climbed along the bottom of the circular tray, all the way to the top of the circular tray.
Everyone had a bad feeling, and they all increased their speed.
These big-headed monsters looked dull. Their heads were big, and their bodies were small. They moved very slowly.
However, when they really moved, their speed was shockingly fast!
The black-robed men were at the very front. With their speed, they could enter the door in the blink of an eye.
When these black-robed men were about ten feet away from the door, the big-headed monsters suddenly turned into black shadows and flew past them silently.
"Dodge!" The leader of the black-robed men shouted.
However, it was too late.
Although the people behind stopped, they didn't see how the big-headed monsters attacked at all.
The four black-robed men who were still running disappeared …
"Crunch, crunch, crunch …"
By the time everyone reacted, the four big-headed monsters had stopped not far away and were slowly chewing on the black-robed men in their mouths. Blood kept flowing out of their mouths, accompanied by the black-robed men's painful moans.
Further away, the big-headed monsters were still crawling slowly.
These big-headed monsters had very strange habits. They weren't in a hurry to attack. If you didn't run away, they would just stare at you with their dark eyes.
"Leader, what should we do …" A black-robed man whimpered.
It wasn't that the Night Man Clan hadn't dealt with treacherous monsters before.
Their clan's unique ability could be used in the Tenebrous Realm. They could even deal with the powerful treacherous monsters.
However, outside the Tenebrous Realm, their strength was even weaker than ordinary Immortal Realm experts.
"Retreat," Blood Wolf suddenly said.
"I'm afraid there won't be a chance if we retreat. We can only risk it. Everyone …" Donghuang was speaking when Blood Wolf pointed at a spot not far away. Dozens of big-headed monsters climbed up from the edge of the circular tray and slowly approached the door.
If they rushed over in this situation, they would only be annihilated.
"Retreat," Fuxi said.
No one expected to be involved in such a dangerous situation in such a short time.
This place was much more dangerous than the Wailing Path!
"These big-headed monsters are very strange. Everyone, don't move too fast. Retreat slowly!" Nuwa suddenly reminded them.
"What's the use of retreating? We'll still die! "A black-robed man shouted emotionally.
"Ji Shen! Shut up! "The leader of the black-robed men scolded again.
"It's your fault for coming in and bringing us into this desperate situation! If you want to retreat, you can retreat by yourself. Forgive me for not accompanying you! "
After the black-robed man called Ji Shen finished speaking, he took out a yellow stone from his body and crushed it with a 'crack'. A yellow light burst out from the yellow stone and quickly gathered on his legs.
This was the God's Running Stone. It could greatly increase one's speed in a short time.
"Swoosh —"
Then, Ji Shen turned into a stream of light and went straight for the door.
Even though his movement speed had increased by more than three times, on the way to the door, there were seven big-headed monsters that surrounded him at an even faster speed.
"Crunch, crunch, crunch …"
The seven big-headed monsters formed a circle and made chewing sounds. Ji Shen was quickly eaten.

Chapter 3603
Seeing Ji Shen's miserable end, the remaining black-robed men did not dare to act recklessly.
As for Nuwa, Fuxi, and the three Immortal Hunters, they remained calm.
Nuwa took the opportunity to say, "The Shift that possessed Luo Zheng should know what's going on. Perhaps he can protect us."
Let Shift protect them …
The possibility of that was not high.
However, the Shift in Luo Zheng's body had indeed issued a kind warning.
Seeking his protection might be the only choice.
Although they did not have much hope, they still retreated step by step according to Nuwa's instructions.
"Your Excellency Wing Monarch, can you inform Luo Zheng of our situation?" Nuwa asked.
The Wing Monarch nodded and sent the information of these big-headed monsters to the Green Jade Spirit through the Tool of Civilization.
In Luo Zheng's inner world, the Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning gathered dozens of people together and prepared to perform a "chorus".
Since Shift had regained consciousness, there was a possibility of communication.
Luo Zheng's inner incarnation floated to the side and watched these people do the preparatory work.
After a period of practice, these people became more and more familiar with each other. They just needed to wait for the Heaven's Administration core to transmit the disassembled sound.
Previously, Luo Zheng had tried to communicate with Shift, but at that time, Shift did not have much self-awareness, so the communication failed.
At that moment, the Green Jade Spirit used greater teleportation to appear beside Luo Zheng and said with a serious expression, "Luo Zheng, the Wing Monarch and the others haven't left."
"They haven't left? Why haven't they left? "Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly.
"Many big-headed Shifts have appeared and blocked their path," the Green Jade Spirit conveyed.
Many Shifts …
The situation had become even more troublesome …
According to what was said before, this Shift called "Tianchuan" would leave his body after completing his obsession.
Now, it seemed that things were not so simple.
"This circular tray has probably not been visited for a long time. So many big-headed Shifts have appeared as soon as we arrived …" Luo Zheng muttered.
"It's definitely not a coincidence, and this Shift called Tianchuan obviously knows. Otherwise, he wouldn't have warned Nuwa and the others about how powerful they are," the Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning analyzed.
Luo Zheng's eyes flashed slightly, then he said to the Tool of Civilization of the Heaven's Administration civilization, "Translate my words into Sanskrit."
Not long after …
From Luo Zheng's Inner World came a chorus of voices, "Your Excellency Tian Chuan! Can you hear my voice? My surname is Luo and my name is Zheng. I am the owner of this body! "
Still holding her shiny silver spear, Shift stood motionless in her original position.
From the edge of the circular tray, monsters with large heads kept climbing up. These monsters were all crawling slowly, and some of them were even playing on the spot, rolling their huge heads around like balls.
Although their movements were slow, they gradually formed an encirclement.
However, Shift, who was controlling Luo Zheng, was not in a hurry. It seemed to be waiting for these big-headed monsters to appear. As it waited, it saw Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others returning.
Under Shift's control, Luo Zheng's body let out a low howl. "These idiots, can't they understand my words?"
It let the humans leave out of kindness.
After all, these people were related to Shift, who was also a human spirit. It could be said that they were the continuation of the race.
While Shift was puzzled and thinking, an unpleasant voice came from her Dantian. The voice was neither male nor female, as if it was a combination of many voices. "Senior Tian Chuan, can you hear me? I am the owner of this body. My name is Luo Zheng. "
Shift, who was called "Tian Chuan," was obviously stunned. A trace of surprise appeared in its calm eyes. This was the genuine Brahman Domain!
How could this guy speak Sanskrit?
Although the voice was very unpleasant, Shift could distinguish it clearly!
"You? How can you speak our language? "Tian Chuan asked.
"Senior Tian Chuan, you can find out if you check the Inner World," Luo Zheng replied.
Out of curiosity, Tian Chuan looked into the inner world of Luo Zheng's body and saw a group of people divided into three rows. Under the command of an orderly order, they spoke in a complicated voice, "I have communicated with the creatures outside the Chaos, so I am prepared."
"Many people together to form a whole. Interesting …" Tian Chuan was interested in this behavior.
The creatures in the Chaotic World were born with a lack of cognition and were trapped in the limitations of the world. It was impossible to communicate with the creatures in the Main World, and they couldn't have a complete understanding of the Main World.
But the guy it possessed actually relied on the advantage of numbers to overcome this limitation.
Shift had never seen such a thing …
If Shift's companions knew, their jaws would probably drop.
Tian Chuan's interest in Luo Zheng grew. He asked, "What's wrong? Do you want your body back? "
The Instrument of Civilization of the Tianzhi civilization transmitted this sentence to the core of the Tianzhi civilization for deciphering, and then to Luo Zheng. Although the core of the Tianzhi civilization was quite fast, it still needed some time.
After Luo Zheng and Yuanshi Tianzun heard Tian Chuan's tone, they looked at each other and smiled bitterly.
It seemed that it wouldn't be easy to get back the body.
But now, getting back the body was secondary. The key was to ensure the safety of Nuwa and the others.
"Senior Tian Chuan, we'll talk about it later. Seeing that we're all humans, can you protect my friends?" Luo Zheng asked.
When Luo Zheng said this, Nuwa and the others had slowly retreated to Luo Zheng's side.
Of course, those big-headed monsters also slowly followed them.
"I'm not a human," Tian Chuan said with a trace of arrogance on his face.
Human spirits were one of the noblest creatures in the Main World. They naturally had their own pride.
But Tian Chuan continued, "I can't protect them. Whether I can survive is a question mark!"
Luo Zheng and Yuanshi Tianzun were shocked. "Senior Tian Chuan isn't a match for those big-headed monsters?"
Hearing this question, Tian Chuan's face darkened. He continued to wail in a low voice, "Most likely not. At least in the past countless years, we weren't a match for them. Otherwise, we wouldn't have been trapped in that damned place …"
That damned place …
Although Tian Chuan didn't explain, Luo Zheng and Yuanshi Tianzun could tell that he was referring to the Wailing Path.
"We've tried many times. Even I've tried at least six times." Tian Chuan raised his right arm.
There were six bars engraved on his right arm armor.
Then Tian Chuan raised his spear and added a vertical line on his right arm armor with the tip.
This meant that he had come here for the seventh time.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others were quite puzzled when they saw this scene. They didn't know what this strange action meant.

Chapter 3604
After Tian Chuan carved that vertical line, he continued, "I have already failed six times. It is very likely that I will fail again this time."
Tian Chuan appeared to be very indifferent, but Luo Zheng and Yuanshi Tianzun suddenly became anxious.
Treacherous was immortal …
If he failed once, he would just return to the Wailing Path and be resurrected.
The others, including Luo Zheng himself, would probably be in trouble.
"If I can live, your friends should be able to live. If I fail, you can't blame me …" Tian Chuan finally said as he stretched out his silver spear and pointed it at Nuwa's feet.
"Da!"
"Hua …"
Silver energy flowed down like mercury. He dragged the spear and began to walk around Nuwa and the others.
When he finished a circle, a bright silver halo as thick as an arm surrounded them.
"Tell your friends not to walk out of the halo," Tian Chuan said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng couldn't see the situation outside. After the Tianzhi civilization's Instrument of Civilization deciphered this sentence, Luo Zheng immediately asked Yi Wang if there was a silver halo outside.
After receiving a "yes" answer from the Winged King, Luo Zheng told the Winged King what he had heard from the sky. The Winged King also conveyed Luo Zheng's words to everyone, "Treacherous said that this silver halo can protect us!"
When everyone saw the large number of big-headed monsters, their faces turned green. After hearing Yi Wang's words, they were still a little surprised and doubtful.
Would Treacherous, who was so powerful that it was almost invincible, be afraid of a small silver halo?
But even if they had doubts in their hearts, they couldn't do anything about it. They could only stay in this circle.
When Treacherous finished drawing this circle, the slowly moving big-headed monsters were getting closer and closer. The nearest big-headed monster was only about ten feet away.
Luo Zheng let out a mournful wail. Then, he shook his long spear slightly and leaped into the air like a goshawk in flight.
His vertical speed was astonishing. He was like a silver waterfall floating in the sky in an instant.
Just as Luo Zheng's body rushed into the air, the slow-moving big-headed monsters jumped up one after another like beasts smelling blood. They turned into black shadows that were difficult to catch with the naked eye and pounced on Luo Zheng.
"Buzz —"
The long spear in Luo Zheng's hand rotated at a high speed like a silver millstone.
The big-headed monster that was the first to reach him opened its bloody mouth and tried to bite him.
"Heh …"
Luo Zheng opened his mouth to reveal a sarcastic smile. The silver spear tip drew a complete silver wheel in the air, streaking across the center of the big-headed monster.
The reason why Shift was so difficult to deal with was because it was difficult for ordinary methods to work on it.
Even if their bodies were twisted, squeezed, or even stretched into the shape of a noodle, they could still recover.
But the silver energy on Shift's armor had a miraculous effect on Shift!
"Boom!"
The silver light streaked across the large, ugly head like a sharp weapon streaking across a rubber ball.
The oval-shaped head of the big-headed monster was directly pierced by the tip of the spear, leaving a deep wound as it fell down vertically.
"Shua!"
Luo Zheng gently retracted his spear. The silver spear stabbed backwards from under his armpit.
Puff! Puff! Puff!
Puff! Puff! The silver spear instantly shot out four straight spear lights, like four silver dragons, piercing through the four big-headed monsters without deviation.
The spear lights that pierced through the big-headed monsters extended straight into the distance, shooting all the way out of the circular tray. Then, the spear lights strangely disappeared.
Inside the silver circle of light, everyone was originally on tenterhooks.
But when Shift controlled Luo Zheng and began to fight fiercely with the big-headed monsters, the big-headed monsters seemed to have locked onto Luo Zheng as their target.
There were five or six big-headed monsters slowly wandering around the silver circle of light, but these big-headed monsters were extremely afraid of the silver circle of light and refused to step into it. They kept looking up at Luo Zheng in the sky, ready to pounce on him at any time.
"This silver circle of light is so magical? The big-headed monsters don't dare to come in, squeak! "Victorious Sky Rat King said in surprise.
"It's not that they don't dare, they just hate this energy," Nuwa said.
"Hate also comes from fear," the black-robed leader said. "This silver energy obviously has a miraculous effect on Shift. It's very similar to the energy released by my Black River Gecko!"
The gecko raised by the black-robed leader had a similar effect, but the Black River Gecko was too small to fight against Shift.
One by one, the big-headed monsters turned into black shadows and pounced on Luo Zheng in the sky.
However, no matter how fast they were or how wide their mouths were, the silver spear lights would pierce through them or slash them. After being injured by the silver energy, these big-headed monsters could not recover. After struggling on the ground for a while, they died, motionless.
Occasionally, a few heavily injured big-headed monsters fell into the circle of light, but they were quickly cleared out of the circle of light by the Immortal Hunters.
"So strong!" Blood Lion exclaimed.
Blood Wolf asked with a puzzled expression, "They're both Shift Enemies, but why is there such a huge difference in strength?"
"Shift, which has possessed Luo Zheng, is not powerful. It relies on the silver energy on its spear and armor," Nuwa said solemnly. "If we can use that energy, killing Shift will be very easy!"
The others nodded slightly. If they could control the silver energy, they should also be able to deal with Shift.
In a short time, Luo Zheng had killed almost 30 to 40 big-headed monsters. The immortal big-headed monsters were like chickens and sheep in Luo Zheng's hands. Everyone's pessimistic mood was swept away!
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Not far away, eight big-headed monsters crawled over and leaped into the air again.
Luo Zheng turned his spear around. His calm eyes suddenly focused, and the silver spear stabbed out like raindrops.
From below, it looked like a silver rain was falling …
The big-headed monsters were riddled with holes by the silver rain and fell from the sky.
As soon as he finished off these eight big-headed monsters, three more big-headed monsters pounced on him from behind.
The silver spear in Luo Zheng's hand seemed to have a soul. With a light flick, it stabbed three of the monsters behind him. If there were no accidents, he would be able to kill them easily.
However, at this moment, the silver light on Luo Zheng's armor and spear suddenly dimmed.
Pop! Pop!
The first two spears pierced through two of the big-headed monsters, but when he pierced through the third one, the silver light on his armor and spear completely disappeared.
The third spear was far less powerful than the previous ones, and the big-headed monster easily blocked it.
Luo Zheng's expression changed slightly when his spear failed to pierce through the big-headed monster. He changed his spear from a stab to a sweep.
Smack!
The big-headed monster was smashed to the ground by Luo Zheng.
However, without the support of the silver energy, Luo Zheng's spear was unable to cause any substantial damage to Shift. The big-headed monster had just landed on the ground when it bounced back up and pounced on Luo Zheng once more.
Seeing this, Luo Zheng's body suddenly sank, landing next to Nuwa and the others. His spear was already in the middle of the silver circle.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
The spear was like a long snake, absorbing all the silver energy in the circle!
The tip of the spear flashed with silver light once more. At the same time, the big-headed monster was only a few feet away from Luo Zheng. It opened its mouth, its sharp teeth crisscrossing, and was about to swallow Luo Zheng.
Boom!
An Eight Trigrams seal exploded on the big-headed monster's face, blasting it several feet away!
It was Fuxi who had attacked.
Under Shift's control, Luo Zheng turned to look at Fuxi. He nodded slightly, and his spear easily strangled the big-headed monster.

Chapter 3605
Most of the big-headed monsters on the circular tray had been cleaned up, but there were still three or four wandering aimlessly in the distance.
Luo Zheng rushed over with his spear …
After a short while, several silver spear lights flashed in the distance, and the remaining big-headed monsters were killed.
Luo Zheng strode over with his spear in hand. He glanced at the crowd indifferently.
He tilted his head and opened his mouth.
"Gululu …"
Shift's body flowed out of Luo Zheng's eyes, ears, mouth, and nose, converging into the shape of a person.
Previously, this Shift was just an abstract human figure, especially its face, which was extremely strange. Now, it was very different. Every detail of its body was outlined, and its appearance was quite handsome. It was exactly the same as the bronze statue beside the pool.
Luo Zheng closed his eyes for a while, and when he opened them again, they seemed to be blooming with starlight. The corners of his mouth curled up, and he smiled at everyone.
"Luo Zheng!"
"Are you okay?"
"That's great …"
After dealing with these big-headed monsters, they were still thinking about how to communicate with Shift and have him leave Luo Zheng's body.
They didn't expect Shift to leave Luo Zheng's body directly.
"Don't worry, there's no problem. This senior Tianchuan is from our clan. How could he hurt me?" Luo Zheng smiled.
"His name is Tianchuan?" Nuwa asked.
"Where did he come from?" Fuxi also asked.
"Why did he possess you … squeak!" Victorious Sky Rat King said.
There were countless questions hidden in their hearts.
Hearing their questions, Luo Zheng smiled. Facing Slyness, a chorus of voices came from his body. "Senior Tianchuan, there are many things that I don't understand. Can I ask you for advice?"
Tianchuan glanced indifferently at Luo Zheng. "I've already returned your body to you. You can leave."
After saying this, he pointed lightly at Luo Zheng's body. The armor attached to Luo Zheng's body peeled off, and the spear was pulled out of Luo Zheng's hand.
Tianchuan had completely awakened. This was the first time he had succeeded in countless years.
Two hundred people were trapped on the Wailing Path. They kept going back and forth, and anyone who passed by would be possessed by them. No matter how difficult it was, they had to come here …
Today, he finally succeeded. Tian Chuan was actually very excited in his heart, but he didn't reveal any of his emotions.
"Senior Tianchuan is from the Human Spirit Sect, right? Our Human Race is also a kind of continuation of the Human Race. If there's anything we can help Senior Tianchuan with, please don't hesitate to tell us. There's no need to keep us at a distance, "Luo Zheng said patiently.
With Luo Zheng's personality, he didn't want to force answers from others, but he also knew that it wasn't easy to meet a Human Spirit. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity, so how could he be willing to leave so casually?
Tianchuan glanced at Luo Zheng indifferently. His facial expression changed slightly, and there was a hint of sarcasm in his eyes. "Your physical body is very good, but your biggest role is to help me come into contact with the Light of Annihilation, kill those treacherous things, and awaken me. As for other roles …" He shook his head as he spoke. "You can leave. These things have nothing to do with you."
The Light of Annihilation mentioned by Tianchuan was the silver energy attached to the armor and the long spear.
The King of Annihilation was very good at restraining treacherous things, but Tianchuan was also a treacherous thing now. Naturally, he couldn't come into contact with it directly, so he needed to attach himself to a physical body.
When Tianchuan chose a physical body, he would subconsciously choose a more powerful existence.
Now that Tianchuan had awakened, Luo Zheng's physical body naturally lost its function.
In his eyes, Luo Zheng, Nuwa, and Fuxi, who were in the Immortal Realm, were from the Secondary World. Whether it was strength or natural limitations, they weren't qualified to participate.
"In any case, I helped Senior Tianchuan awaken. I don't ask for a reward. I just want to know something," Luo Zheng continued to say shamelessly.
Although Tianchuan put himself on a high pedestal, he wasn't difficult to talk to. He seemed to spread his hands helplessly. "Ask away."
"Senior, is this Jade Clear Sky?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Jade Clear Sky …" Tianchuan nodded. "Yes, but this is just a small Clear Sky Platform. There are many Clear Sky Platforms in Jade Clear Sky. The real main Clear Sky Platform is in that direction. It's a hundred thousand times bigger than the Clear Sky Platform under our feet. Strictly speaking, that's the real Jade Clear Sky."
Tianchuan stretched out his hand and pointed into the distance.
Luo Zheng looked in the direction of Tianchuan's hand. There was a dense starlight in the distance. He couldn't see clearly at all.
Senior Tianchuan's words were similar to Nuwa's previous guess. This was a branch of Jade Clear Sky.
"Senior, are you from the Instant Civilization?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Instant Civilization?" Tianchuan obviously couldn't understand this term.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng explained, "The first civilization to exist in the entire Chaos should be the civilization that built this Chaos."
With this question, Tianchuan understood. He smiled and said, "According to your understanding of the Instant Civilization, it should be referring to us, or rather, the two hundred of us. Because the Chaotic World that you speak of was built by us."
"You really built the Chaos World!"
Although Luo Zheng had such a guess in his heart, he didn't expect Tianchuan to directly admit it.
"Naturally," Tianchuan showed a hint of sadness. "The 113th Subworld BDING was also the last Subworld we built. But it ended here."
Perhaps because Luo Zheng asked the right question, Tianchuan explained his origin one by one.
These two hundred Strange Creatures were the builders of the Human Spirit Sect.
They had built one Subworld after another.
Without stopping, without rest, without interruption …
They had never thought that the struggle within the Four Spirit Sects would sweep over them.
After building the Chaos World, they planned to restart the 113th Subworld BDING. Next, the 113th Subworld BDING would operate on its own.
But the day before they planned to restart, traces of invisible poison drifted out of the Clear Sky Platform. Without knowing it, the two hundred people were all poisoned to death.
After the creatures in the Main World died in the Subworld, they would transform into Strange Creatures. They would never die, never be extinguished …
These Strange Creatures lived muddle-headedly, wandering according to their remaining consciousness.
But they all had their own obsessions in their hearts. Once their obsessions were completed, the Strange Creatures would awaken and become awakened species.
This Clear Sky Platform was the place where the two hundred builders of the Human Spirit Sect lived. Their obsessions that were trapped in the Wailing Path were to return to this place. They had a complete "awakening" and completely recovered their self-consciousness.
After regaining their self-consciousness, these builders wanted to investigate what happened in the past.
Why were they, the builders, erased in an instant?
Who was the one who erased them?
Unfortunately, these builders didn't have the chance to go out at all. They were chewed up and swallowed by those big-headed monsters.
Soon after, they were reborn in the Wailing Path.
But this time, they finally succeeded.

Chapter 3606
After listening to Tianchuan's words, Luo Zheng's eyes showed surprise.
From Tianchuan's tone, it seemed that he didn't know much about the Four Spirits Sects …
"Senior Tianchuan, what do you plan to do now?" Luo Zheng asked tentatively.
Tianchuan raised his head and glanced at the dense starry sky. "Since I've awakened, I naturally have to go back and find out the reason. Who poisoned us? Why did they stop us from awakening again and again? "
The builders had a high status in the Four Spirits Sects.
After all, the Four Spirits Sects relied on their hard work to expand their territory.
Poisoning the builders was a great crime in the Four Spirits Sects. Ordinary people didn't have the guts to do so.
Tianchuan looked at Luo Zheng's face after saying this.
He thought that Luo Zheng should have a look of sudden realization. He didn't expect Luo Zheng to look worried.
"What's wrong? Did I say something wrong? "Tianchuan asked.
"Senior Tianchuan, after you were poisoned, did you come into contact with people from other 'main worlds'?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Of course not. Not only did I not, but my companions also didn't." Tianchuan shook his head. Every time he came here with his obsession, he would be killed by those big-headed monsters. He couldn't even fully awaken.
"Senior Tianchuan, you probably don't know the current situation of the Four Spirits Sects …" Luo Zheng said with a strange expression.
Tianchuan saw Luo Zheng's expression and felt a little confused. "What situation?"
"If we want to enter Sanqing Heaven, we need to enter the Immortal Picture Scroll to reach the Immortal Realm," Luo Zheng said.
Tianchuan showed a matter-of-fact expression. "I built the passage. Of course I know."
"I entered the center of the Immortal Picture Scroll," Luo Zheng continued.
Tianchuan raised his eyebrows slightly. "Your talent is not bad. You can inherit the origin bloodline. No wonder your physical strength isn't weak."
The creatures in these secondary worlds who could obtain the origin bloodline were already very outstanding.
Of course, Tian Chuan was a member of the Four Spirit Gates, and he had been chosen as the creator. He did not think that a mere origin bloodline was unattainable. After all, the talented members of the Four Spirit Gates had all set their sights on the Origin Divine Blood.
"No, I joined the Eternal Divine Court," Luo Zheng denied.
Hearing this, Tianchuan's pupils shrank slightly.
It was rare for a creature from a subworld to successfully enter the Eternal Divine Court.
Once one obtained the acknowledgement of the Origin God's Blood, one would be qualified to become a member of the Four Spirit Gates. Moreover, this kind of person's talent was too outstanding. So, the speed of their growth in the Four Spirit Gates was also very fast. Their future was bound to be limitless.
Normally, the "Manor of Shifang" in the Spiritual Sect would immediately rush over to take him in. Why was this kid still in the Three Pure Heavens?
Could it be that he failed?
That's impossible …
The Four Spirit Gates were very strict in their assessment of this world. Only the most promising geniuses were allowed to enter the Eternal Church.
In other words, even though it was difficult for the Four Spirit Gates to enter the Eternal Divine Court, it was much more relaxed. Thus, many people were eliminated by the Origin Divine Blood.
However, it was extremely rare for a creature from a subworld to be allowed into the Eternal Divine Court. These people had a high chance of passing the Origin Divine Blood test.
"Were you invited?" Tian Chuan suddenly asked.
"Invited?" Luo Zheng shook his head. "I went in by myself …"
Tian Chuan jumped in fright. "You went in by yourself? How is that possible? Are you joking? "
The Eternal Divine Court was the center of the Four Spirit Gates …
How could they let Luo Zheng go in by himself …
"There's no one else there," Luo Zheng said. "The Eternal Divine Court has already been abandoned. The bronze statue inside told me so."
Tian Chuan stood in place and looked at Luo Zheng in astonishment. He didn't say anything for a long time.
"You're lying," Tian Chuan said in a very certain tone. "The Four Spirit Gates would never give up on the Eternal Divine Court!"
Luo Zheng nodded. "I believe that the Four Spirit Gates wouldn't be willing to give it up. However, what if something happened to the Four Spirit Gates and they were slaughtered?"
"Hahaha …" Tian Chuan laughed loudly, as if he had heard the funniest joke in the world.
The Four Spirit Gates were the only overlords in the Origin World. They had no opponents.
Although there were still some creatures and races in the Origin World, even the strongest existence among them was like an ant in front of the Four Spirit Gates.
"Who can slaughter the Four Spirit Gates?" Tian Chuan glanced at Luo Zheng in a rather aggressive manner.
However, Luo Zheng said with a calm expression, "The Four Spirit Gates are indeed the most powerful existence. However, the Human Spirits, Snake Spirits, Bird Spirits and Monkey Spirits shouldn't be as strong as an iron plate, right? Wouldn't there be internal strife and internal strife? "
"As you said, the Four Spirit Gates are so powerful. Who would dare to make a move against the world builders?"
"I've seen the administrator. He also told me that the Four Spirit Gates were indeed divided …"
"…"
Luo Zheng said a series of words to the Tianzhi Civilization in his Inner World. After the Tianzhi Civilization was broken, it was transmitted to the people in the chorus. Everyone also did their best to sing.
Luo Zheng's words convinced Tian Chuan.
After all, what he said was reasonable …
Who would dare to make a move against the world builders? Who would be able to poison them?
Other than the people in the Four Spirit Gates, it was impossible for the outside world to do it. It wasn't that they didn't want to, but it was impossible for them to poison 200 world builders without anyone knowing.
Because Luo Zheng's voice was transmitted directly to the Inner World, Nuwa, Fuxi, Donghuang, the Immortal Hunters and the black-robed people naturally couldn't understand. After all, some information wasn't suitable to be leaked.
They only heard waves of singing coming from Luo Zheng's Inner World. The treacherous person called "Tian Chuan" seemed to have lost his soul. Naturally, he was very curious.
Tian Chuan was dazed for a while. Then, his eyes suddenly widened. "No, I have to go there personally!"
Although what Luo Zheng said seemed to be true, there was a high possibility that it was true.
However, this matter was of great importance. He had to confirm it personally.
"Whoosh …"
Tian Xing's figure floated lightly. He stomped his feet on another part of the Clear Sky Platform.
A series of patterns flashed on the ground again …
One by one, strangely shaped houses floated up from the ground.
The house at the front was the shortest, only the size of a door, barely big enough for one person to pass through. The houses at the back increased in size, each of them twice as big as the one at the front. The fifth house was the last one, and it was already a colossus.
"Senior, where are we going?" Luo Zheng asked seriously.
"As the builders, we naturally have a path to the Main World. You don't have to follow me. As creatures of the Secondary World, you can't move a single step in the Main World before you undergo modification." As Tian Xing spoke, he pushed open the door. Just as he stepped in …
"Crack … Boom!"
A huge force blasted out from the door.
Tian Xing almost reflexively grabbed both sides of the door. After his body took the hit, he was directly blasted ten miles away. His hands and feet were also pulled ten miles away.
Fortunately, Tian Xing had a treacherous body. If he was alive, he probably wouldn't have been able to take the hit.

Chapter 3607
Because Tianchuan's body was stretched too long, it took a while for him to shrink back into his human form.
He returned to the door with a very ugly expression on his face.
The exit of this path had been blown to smithereens. Countless cracks extended from the front to the back. The entire passage had been destroyed.
"Was this a secret move arranged long ago?" Tianchuan asked coldly.
This secret path to the main world was only known by the Four Spirit Sects and even some people from the Human Spirit Sects.
To be able to tamper with this secret path, it meant that there must be a traitor in the Four Spirit Sects, and even the traitor came from the Human Spirit Sects.
This proved Luo Zheng's words once again.
"This place is so close to the Xuanliang World. Senior Tianchuan, can you leave directly from above?" Luo Zheng pointed to the sky and asked.
Looking up from Yu Qingtian, the Xuanliang World was so close that it seemed to be within reach.
Tianchuan glared at Luo Zheng. "Unless you want to die, don't take this path."
The force field hovering above Yu Qingtian was set up by Tianchuan and the others. He naturally knew its power.
"In that case, I'm afraid Senior Tianchuan can only go to the Path to Heaven," Luo Zheng suggested.
"I know that," Tianchuan replied.
The destroyed path on the Clear Sky Platform was a secret path deliberately left by the builders. The Path to Heaven was the right path from the Chaotic World to the Xuanliang World. Now that the secret path couldn't be taken, of course he had to take the right path.
"But as far as I know, the Path to Heaven is controlled by the Elemental Spirit Civilization. They probably won't allow Senior Tianchuan to pass through casually," Luo Zheng reminded him.
"Elemental Spirit Civilization? What's that? "Tianchuan asked.
No matter what the situation was, as long as the creatures in the Chaotic World were mentioned, Tianchuan's expression would become somewhat indifferent or condescending.
No matter how powerful the creatures in the Chaotic World were, it was difficult for them to enter Tianchuan's eyes.
But Luo Zheng in front of him was an exception. After all, Luo Zheng went to the Eternal Court and accepted the test of the Origin Divine Blood.
"It's the most powerful civilization in the Nirvana World. It's also the first civilization after Senior Tianchuan created the Chaotic World. We can't defeat them now, and they definitely won't allow Senior Tianchuan to pass through casually," Luo Zheng said.
"I can't win?" Tianchuan also asked.
Luo Zheng glanced at Senior Tian Chuan, and spoke without any confidence, "I am not sure, after all, Senior Tian Chuan killed Lei Sha without awakening."
"Lei Sha, he's a member of the Yuan Ling civilization?"
After Tian Chuan had awakened, he still retained his memories from before he had awakened. Naturally, he remembered how he had killed Lei Sha.
In Tianchuan's eyes, that Thunder Fiend was also considered to have some strength. It was just that he had died an unjust death. He had been forcibly shrunk to the point of collapse.
"Yes, it is said to be one of the three pillars of the Elemental Spirit civilization." Luo Zheng nodded.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Tianchuan felt relieved. "After all, it's a secondary world. It's not worth mentioning!"
Although his main body had already fallen, the Treacherous Body itself was a powerful weapon. Naturally, he would not take the creatures of the subworlds seriously.
But at this moment, a burst of strange laughter came from the Clear Sky Platform.
It was as if dozens of people were laughing. As the laughter echoed, a terrifying aura came from under everyone's feet.
This laughter was obviously a Sanskrit …
Tianchuan obviously understood this voice, and his expression became very ugly.
"Tianzhi civilization, help me decipher it!" Luo Zheng's expression suddenly changed, and he transmitted this laughter into the world inside his body.
Soon, the core of the Tianzhi civilization also translated the content of the laughter to Luo Zheng. "The subworlds are not worth mentioning … A mere world creator, a piece of trash that even Shi Fang Prefecture did not accept, dares to speak arrogantly now, hahaha …"
At the bottom of the Clear Sky Platform, the huge black head suddenly opened its eyes. Its mouth opened, and waves of wild laughter kept coming out.
While it was laughing, it also slowly moved along the bottom of the Clear Sky Platform and floated at the edge of the platform.
It was a black head that was thousands of feet tall. There was no body under this huge black head, but oval spheres. These spheres were the previous big-headed monsters.
After the big-headed monsters were killed by Tianchuan, they would gradually disappear and "resurrect" in another place. All Treacherous Bodies were like this.
But what they did not expect was that the place where the big-headed monsters resurrected was actually under the Clear Sky Platform!
These big-headed monsters gathered at the bottom of the black head like a bunch of grapes, making the black head even more terrifying.
When Nuwa, Fuxi, Donghuang, and Elder Ying saw this huge monster, the color on their faces instantly disappeared, and they looked as if they were facing a great enemy.
"Resentment level! Resentment level Treacherous Body! "the black-robed leader said.
Treacherous Bodies were divided into three levels.
However, no one had ever seen the most powerful Resentment level Treacherous Body.
Resentment level Treacherous Body was generally regarded as the most powerful Treacherous Body, and it was almost invincible.
The three Immortal Hunters' expressions were also extremely cold. Judging from the aura released by this black head, all the troubles they had experienced before were not worth mentioning.
"Who are you?" Tianchuan looked up and asked.
Treacherous Bodies were definitely formed after the death of living beings in the Main Realm.
The more powerful the living being was, the stronger the Treacherous Body formed after its death.
Resentment level Treacherous Bodies were almighty beings when they were alive …
The black head let out a series of rhythmic laughter again, and it said in Sanskrit, "You don't need to know who I am. You only need to know that the place you should be at is the Wailing Path!"
"Buzz!"
This black head's eyes began to flicker with red light. When the red light accumulated to a certain extent, it suddenly shot out from its eyes.
"Dodge!" Luo Zheng warned.
Everyone saw two red lights sweeping over from one side of the Clear Sky Platform, and they all dodged to the sides.
"Swish!"
When the red lights swept over, Nuwa, Fuxi, Luo Zheng, and the Immortal Hunters had already dodged to the sides.
Tianchuan's speed was not slow either.
Only one black-robed man was a step slower. He was swept by one of the red lights, and he stood rooted to the ground.
"Hua!"
That black-robed man's body suddenly collapsed into a pile of black ashes.
Seeing this scene, everyone's cheeks trembled uncontrollably. How could they not panic if they could not dodge the red lights?
As Tianchuan dodged the red lights, he reached out his hand and grabbed the air.
The armor scattered on the ground, and the long spear vibrated, and it went straight to Luo Zheng.
"Ka ka ka ka ka …"
In half a breath's time, all the armor was completely attached to Luo Zheng's body.
"Kill him!" Tianchuan said to Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng held the long spear in his hand, and at the same time, he turned around and stabbed fiercely into the distance.
The white light hidden at the tip of the spear shot out, and the black head was directly penetrated by the "Light of Destruction" without any resistance.
After being penetrated by the white spear light, the black head only had a small hole, which was like a mosquito bite to the head that was more than ten thousand feet in size.
However, the Light of Destruction on the long spear in Luo Zheng's hand completely dimmed.

Chapter 3608
Luo Zheng held the dim spear and looked at Tian Chuan.
Tian Chuan had just killed so many Foe Level Shifters by relying on the Light of Destruction.
Now that the Light of Destruction was exhausted, this spear might be of extraordinary quality, but in front of the Shifters, it was just a piece of scrap metal.
After looking at the spear tip, everyone also looked at Tian Chuan.
"That stone," Tian Chuan said.
"What?" Luo Zheng looked surprised.
He didn't explain to Luo Zheng and pointed lightly at Luo Zheng's chest.
A small lump protruded from Luo Zheng's ribs. This lump moved along his body, quickly swam to his throat, and then into his mouth. Then Luo Zheng spat it out. It was a square stone with cracks on its surface.
When this square stone moved in Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng had already remembered that it was taken from Lei Sha.
At that time, Tian Chuan had not awakened. He just said that this stone was called the Holy Stone, and then forcibly stored it in Luo Zheng's body.
Luo Zheng and Yuanshi Tianzun couldn't figure it out. Lei Sha relied on this Holy Stone to open the circular shield, but after the shield was smashed, the energy contained in this stone should have been exhausted.
"Is this stone useful?" Luo Zheng asked.
"As creatures of the Secondary World, you naturally can't see through the mystery of this stone," Tian Chuan said as he reached out and pointed lightly at the Holy Stone.
"Hua!"
The Light of Destruction suddenly diffused from the Holy Stone like water.
Seeing this scene, Luo Zheng faintly raised his eyebrows. He had already clasped the Holy Stone in his hand and grasped the spear.
The body of the spear was covered with regular grooves. When the Light of Destruction from the Holy Stone surged out, it quickly covered the entire spear along the grooves.
Perhaps feeling the threat of the Light of Destruction, the red light in the black head's eyes brewed again. "Whoosh —" Two red lights crisscrossed and swept across the ground, heading straight for Luo Zheng's head.
Before anyone could open their mouths to warn him, Luo Zheng's silver spear suddenly protruded from the ground as he fell sideways. Like a dexterous monkey, he leaped high into the air, then fell down rapidly, and continued to roll.
The deadly red light followed Luo Zheng all the way, but was dodged by Luo Zheng's series of movements.
The others spread out during this process, afraid that they would be caught in the crossfire.
The red light chased after Luo Zheng for two rounds before it finally dimmed.
However, it was impossible for the black head to let Luo Zheng go. After all, the Light of Annihilation was an extremely deadly existence to it.
"Buzz …"
The red light in its eyes began to accumulate again.
Taking advantage of this gap, Luo Zheng also circled up. The long spear in his hand shook violently, and he pointed it at the huge black head.
"Shua!"
The silver Light of Annihilation turned into a sharp spear light that went straight for the black head.
Compared to those big-headed monsters, the black head's moving speed was not fast. For Luo Zheng, it was just a live target.
The spear light burst out and hit the black head between its eyebrows. With a "pop" sound, it pierced a big hole and disappeared into the world behind the Clear Sky Platform.
Everyone was cautiously observing the black head's reaction.
The previous Vengeful Level Freaks stopped directly after being hit by the Light of Annihilation. The effect was surprisingly good.
If this Vengeful Level Freak was the same, Luo Zheng's spear would be enough to kill it!
"Gululu …"
The black head shook in the air, and the round hole on its head quickly began to heal. At the same time, the two red lights in its eyes burst out toward Luo Zheng again!
Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly shrank. His whole body began to flee like a dexterous rabbit.
The others also looked as if they were facing a formidable enemy. The Clear Sky Platform was not big. Even if the black head did not deliberately target them, they would lose their lives if they were slightly affected.
As Luo Zheng ran along the Clear Sky Platform, the Light of Annihilation continued to gush out of the "Holy Stone" in his palm.
After taking advantage of an opening, Luo Zheng stabbed the black head again.
This spear pierced through the black head with great precision, but just like before, the wound quickly healed. This Vengeful Level Freak was not injured at all.
"It's not effective!"
"The silver energy can't kill a Vengeful Level Freak?"
"Let's just run. There's no need to fight with our lives on the line …"
Everyone thought that Luo Zheng could kill this Vengeful Level Freak with the silver energy. At the very least, he could severely injure it. Unexpectedly, the two spears hit and did not cause any damage to it.
"Senior Tianchuan, why is that?" Luo Zheng asked.
"I … don't know." Tianchuan shook his head.
As the world's creator, Tianchuan was not good at fighting.
Although he also knew that living creatures in the Main World would turn into Freaks after death and would fear the Light of Annihilation, he did not have a thorough understanding of the strength of Freaks and their strength.
Seeing Tianchuan's confused face, Luo Zheng also knew that it was useless to ask. Since they could not defeat the enemy, the best thing to do was to leave. Thus, he shouted loudly, "We can't hurt this guy. Everyone, move toward the gate and leave this place!"
The black-robed people moved the fastest. They had wanted to escape from this damned place earlier. By the time Luo Zheng shouted, several black-robed people had already reached the gate.
The black-robed person at the front grabbed the gate and suddenly grabbed it backward. However, the gate did not move at all. The black-robed person even shouted strangely, "The gate can't be opened!"
When the black-robed people at the back heard this, they immediately became anxious. They all rushed forward and grabbed the edge of the gate and pulled it outward. However, the gate still did not show any signs of loosening.
Soon, the leader of the black-robed people, the Immortal Hunters, Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others also joined in. However, this gate seemed to have been cast by a magical power and did not move at all!
"Hehehehe …" Seeing this scene, the black head let out a series of mocking laughter. "This is a dead end. How can the small fish and shrimps who enter this place leave alive?"
Last time, the black head spoke in Sanskrit. This time, it actually communicated in human language.
"Buzz!"
As soon as it finished speaking, the red light in its eyes accumulated again. It looked like it was about to shoot toward the gate.
"Whoosh, whoosh!"
Two spear rays whizzed out and accurately hit its pair of red eyes, creating two big holes in its face.
With its eyes gone, the red light naturally dissipated.
However, this kind of injury was still not a problem for it. The two holes quickly healed into a pair of eyes. It laughed, and the red light was brewing in them again.
"Whoosh, whoosh!"
Luo Zheng raised his hand and shot two more times, once again blinding it.
"You …"
The black head was finally a little depressed.
Its strongest magical power was the dazzling death light in its eyes.
If this kid kept blinding its eyes, it would not have a good way to deal with him.
Just as Luo Zheng was dragging the black head, Tian Chuan also floated to the gate.
As the creator of the world, Tian Chuan's strength might not be strong, but he was very familiar with the Chaotic World, the Nirvana Realm, and everything here. When everyone saw Tian Chuan coming over, they all made way.
Tian Chuan reached out and pressed on the gate, rubbing it twice. Then he said, "This gate is not right …"
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others did not understand Tian Chuan's words.
Luo Zheng stabbed the black head with his spear and asked, "The gate is not right? Senior, what do you mean? "
"The gate has been replaced," Tian Chuan said.
"After so many years, maybe the original gate has rotted. Maybe someone replaced it," Luo Zheng replied.
Unexpectedly, Tian Chuan shook his head. "No, it was just replaced. There …"
Heaven Legend pointed at another Clear Sky Platform from afar.
A person stood on the Clear Sky Platform. That person's appearance was exactly the same as the black head.
When that person felt the gaze of Tian Chuan and Luo Zheng from afar, the corner of his mouth curled up, revealing a strange smile.
The black head's mouth also curled up, revealing a smile that was exactly the same as his.

Chapter 3609
When the others saw Luo Zheng and Tianchuan's gazes, they all looked toward the Clear Sky Platform.
When they saw the person on the Clear Sky Platform, they were instantly shocked.
"There's someone there!"
"That person looks the same as the black head!"
"Who is he?"
Those who could stay in the Clear Jade Sky were definitely not ordinary people.
"Senior Tianchuan, do you know him?" Luo Zheng asked.
Tianchuan stared across the Clear Sky Platform as if he was searching for memories of this person.
The person on the Clear Sky Platform opposite him had the same strange smile as the black head. He did not say anything as if he was giving Tianchuan time to think.
As a world builder, Tianchuan had always been focused on building one world after another and did not care about the Main Realm. If they encountered trouble before building a world, they only needed to call the Shifang Prefecture.
The experts dispatched by the Shifang Prefecture would clean up all the trouble.
The world builders had the most contact with people from the Shifang Prefecture …
Tianchuan searched through his memories for a long time before he suddenly remembered something. His eyes widened as he pointed at the person opposite him and said, "I remember now. You're from the Shifang Prefecture. You're a prefecture general, a prefecture general!"
The powerful experts in the Shifang Prefecture were called prefecture generals.
There were many big and small troubles in the Main Realm …
For example, when building a world, they invaded the territories of some races or demolished the settlements of some barbaric races. They would need the help of the Shifang Prefecture.
Under normal circumstances, the prefecture generals would not be needed. Ordinary experts from the Shifang Prefecture were enough.
However, there was one time when their group of 200 people was attacked by the Tailed Butterfly Tribe. All 200 builders were trapped. The people from the Shifang Prefecture had sent three batches of people, but they all returned in defeat. In the end, the Shifang Prefecture only sent six prefecture generals.
That was also the first time Tianchuan saw a prefecture general from the Shifang Prefecture. This Prefecture General Yue was the leader at that time.
The prefecture generals were terrifyingly powerful. The six prefecture generals quickly wiped out the Tailed Butterfly Race. Their efficiency was terrifyingly high.
Although this Prefecture General Yue left a clear impression on Tianchuan at that time, he had only met him once. That black head was clearly the face of Prefecture General Yue. However, Tianchuan only recalled it now.
"Prefecture General Yue, what happened? Why did someone dare to kill us? I heard that the Eternal God Court was abandoned. What happened in the Four Spirit Gates? "Tianchuan asked a series of questions.
Tianchuan had been attacked by the big-headed monster and was now being attacked by the black head suspected to be controlled by Prefecture General Yue.
However, Tianchuan still regarded the Human Spirit Sect as his home and trusted Shifang Prefecture General Yue.
Therefore, he only believed 30% of Luo Zheng's words at most. Now, he wanted to verify it with the General of the Si Mansion.
"Hahaha …" The general of the Si Mansion let out a series of laughter. This time, he began to speak in Sanskrit. "If I were you, I would kill all these people and then obediently commit suicide. The Wailing Path is a place to settle down and ensure that you can still live."
Luo Zheng and Tian Chuan's faces darkened when they heard the General's words. Tian Chuan asked again, "What do you mean by that?"
"You're just a Builder. Why do you have so many questions?" . "Prefecture General Yue scolded coldly," You just need to do as I say. I command you as Shifang Prefecture General! "
Some of the situations had already been arranged in the First Chaos Era. The appearance of the Prefect of Nether Manor was only to remove some of the variables.
The strength of the World Builders was not worth mentioning, but they were too familiar with the Chaos World and could be considered one of the variables, so they had set up a lot of enemies here.
Every time a world builder entered here, they would be beaten back to Wailing Path by the enemies...
. But this time, Tianchuan won, which alarmed Prefecture General Yue.
Shifang Prefecture General …
He was a high and mighty existence in the main realm. One word from him could determine the life and death of a large clan.
Given Tianchuan's status, he could only accept his orders unconditionally.
"Kill them and then commit suicide?" Tianchuan muttered.
Luo Zheng looked at Tianchuan calmly. He clenched the spear in his hand. The silver-white Light of Annihilation was slowly circulating in the veined patterns on the spear shaft and the spear tip. The Light of Annihilation could kill the enemies. Naturally, it could also kill Tianchuan, who had the body of an enemy.
"Senior Tianchuan, your obsession is to awaken. Could it be that you want to return to a muddle-headed state?" Luo Zheng asked.
Tianchuan glanced at Luo Zheng, then looked at Prefecture General Yue in the distance.
After pondering for a while, his eyes revealed a firm expression. "Prefecture General Yue, it's fine if you want me to return to Wailing Path. But first, you have to solve the puzzle in my heart. Who killed us? Why?! "
Prefecture General Yue's eyes revealed contempt. The black head's eyes also had the same expression. "Ignorant thing. You think you're someone after sleeping for so many years?"
"Buzz, buzz …"
Prefecture General Yue's eyes began to flicker with blood-red light. The black head's eyes also accumulated red light. It was about to launch another wave of attack.
But the red light in its eyes didn't come out. "Pop, pop!" Two silver spear lights pierced its eyes again.
Luo Zheng rested the long spear on his shoulder and said, "More than a thousand chaos epochs have passed. Maybe the Human Soul Sect and Shifang Prefecture don't exist anymore. Instead of asking this guy, it's better to look for clues on our own!"
Luo Zheng's voice was transmitted from the Inner World. His voice wasn't loud, but Prefecture General Yue naturally heard it clearly through the black head.
In the eyes of Prefecture General Yue, except for the World Builder who couldn't be killed, the others were just some insects that couldn't be brought to the table.
Although Luo Zheng repeatedly pierced the black head's eyes, Prefecture General Yue still credited the Light of Destruction rather than Luo Zheng's strength.
"Hahaha, do you think you can leave?" Prefecture General Yue asked in a mocking tone.
"How would I know if I don't try?" The silver brilliance in Luo Zheng's right hand began to gather again.
"Arrogant insect, I'll let you try …"
Prefecture General Yue said as he walked two steps around the edge of the Clear Sky Platform. Round balls began to protrude from the skin around his neck, as if there were eggs swimming in them.
At the same time, the big-headed monsters below the black head began to tremble. They began to merge with each other and spread in all directions, gradually forming the body of a black giant!
The black giant was at least ten thousand feet tall. It could cross the Clear Sky Platform in just ten steps.
At this moment, Prefecture General Yue in the distance lifted the clothes draped over his body. His body trembled slightly, and cracks appeared on the surface of his body. Then, countless eyes opened all over his body.
The black giant's actions were exactly the same as his. Eyes also appeared on the surface of the black giant's body. When these eyes opened, the blood-red light began to gather again.

Chapter 3610
When everyone saw the red light in so many pairs of eyes, their hearts trembled.
This red light was extremely deadly. Anyone who was hit by it would immediately turn into a pile of ash.
How could they dodge the red light released by so many eyes?
"Retreat!" Luo Zheng's expression became grave when he saw those eyes.
The Wing Monarch, Fuxi, Nuwa, the Immortal Hunter, and the black-robed people quickly left the door and retreated towards the edge of the Clear Sky Platform.
Although they couldn't escape the range of the red light, they still had some room to dodge.
Even Tianchuan retreated like them. Only Luo Zheng didn't retreat.
Instead of retreating, he advanced.
For the sake of the others' safety, he had to lure the black giant to the other side of the Clear Sky Platform.
"Weng, weng, weng, weng …"
Because there were so many eyes, the process of the black giant accumulating the red light was much slower.
Luo Zheng took advantage of this time to attack!
"Break for me!"
Luo Zheng leapt up and spun his spear, stabbing towards the black giant's body.
"Xiu, xiu, xiu, xiu …"
Previously, Luo Zheng was afraid that the Holy Stone's Light of Annihilation would run out, so he attacked as accurately as possible, not daring to waste anything.
Now that the situation was dire, Luo Zheng couldn't care less.
Streaks of white spear light streaked through the air, heading straight for the black giant.
At first, the black giant's movements were very slow. It could only be used as a live target for Luo Zheng to attack. Now that it had a body, it was a complete body. Under the control of General Si, it was even more nimble than expected!
Luo Zheng's spear light was like a white glowing net, covering the black giant's vital points. In this round of attacks, Luo Zheng planned to pierce through the black giant's twenty pairs of eyes.
But the instant the spear light approached, the black giant gently moved a step to the side.
"Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop …"
The spear light pierced dozens of holes in the black giant's body, but only one of the eyes on its chest was pierced.
Luo Zheng wasn't surprised by this result.
General Si was definitely not a mediocre person in the Human Spirit Sect to be respected by Tianchuan. It would be stranger if such an opponent were easily dealt with.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
It was true that Luo Zheng had pierced an eye, but more eyes were opening on the black giant's body. At the same time, the red light that had been brewing for a long time gushed out.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh —"
Nearly 40 red beams of light shot out from the black giant's body!
As the black giant continued to rotate, the red pillars of light swept in all directions without any pattern.
These light pillars extended all the way to the outside of the Clear Sky Platform before disappearing. Naturally, no one on the Clear Sky Platform could escape.
"Disperse!" The Wings King let out a low warning.
It flapped its wings and floated in the air. Its strange posture made it look like a pool of flowing water, floating against the light beams.
Fuxi, Nuwa, Donghuang, and the others used different techniques to dodge the light pillars.
"Creak creak …"
The Victorious Heavenly Rat King's small body gave it an advantage, but the direction and momentum of these light beams were irregular. Sometimes, a light beam that was clearly heading downwards would suddenly change direction, and the Victorious Heavenly Rat King's legs would be hit by the red light.
By the time it jumped up, its legs had already turned to ashes …
Seeing the Victorious Heavenly Rat King's body falling backwards, the Blood Wolf not far away suddenly stretched out his hand. A thin, almost imperceptible spider silk had already wrapped around the Victorious Heavenly Rat King's body, lifting it up.
The Blood Wolf admittedly saved the Victorious Heavenly Rat King's life, but another red pillar of light rose from his side, directly sweeping past his body. Only half of his originally complete body was left, and the other half was already flying ash.
Fortunately, the Blood Wolf's body was extremely special. His body was originally made of interwoven spider silk. After losing half of his body, his body made a hissing sound, and the disappeared body was actually rewoven.
However, compared to before, he was actually much shorter, and his face was also somewhat pale …
The black-robed people's situation was even worse!
The leader of the black-robed people still had the strength to protect himself, but the other black-robed people had almost no resistance in the face of the fluttering red light pillars. If they were careless, they would be swept by the red light pillars and turned into a pile of ash.
Although the leader of the black-robed people tried his best to save his clansmen while dodging, how could he save them in the face of so many red light pillars? In the blink of an eye, three black-robed people had fallen …
"Whoosh!"
Before a red light pillar shone over, Luo Zheng sprinted forward for a while, crouching down, and somersaulting up.
"Whoosh!"
The spear light transformed by the light of destruction accurately hit the leg of the black giant, destroying one of the red eyes on its leg.
After killing this red eye, Luo Zheng somersaulted up again. In a short time, he climbed up thousands of feet and was almost level with the black giant's head. The black giant and Luo Zheng in the air looked at each other. Seeing that the red light pillar was about to spurt out, Luo Zheng's long spear pierced through it again.
"Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop …"
Luo Zheng fell in a free fall, and at the same time, the silver spear light constantly pierced through the eyes of the black giant.
Although the black giant's eyes would still grow back, he tried his best to destroy these eyes to reduce the red light pillars, and also to relieve the pressure on the others.
On another Clear Sky Platform, the general of the Si Mansion looked at Luo Zheng jumping around like a flea, and a trace of boredom appeared on his face.
The speed of this human was pretty fast. But, speed was relative.
Luo Zheng could circle around the black giant and launch a series of attacks only because the general of the Si Mansion was not serious.
"Annoying bug," the general of the Si Mansion said indifferently.
Then, he suddenly raised his hand.
The black giant made the same movements as him. This giant did not slow down because of its huge size. In fact, its movements were almost synchronized with the general of the Si Mansion.
The general of the Si Mansion looked at the empty space in front of him and was silent for about two breaths. Then, like catching a fly, he suddenly grabbed at it.
The black giant's right hand also grabbed forward at an incredible speed!
While concentrating on piercing through the eyes, Luo Zheng was naturally wary of the black giant's hand. However, he never expected that the seemingly slow black giant could be so fast.
By the time he reacted, his vision turned black, and he was already caught in the black giant's hand.
"It's over. Die."
The voice of the general of the Si Mansion came from the black giant's mouth.
He spoke in human language. Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others, who were still dodging in the distance, naturally heard him. Seeing Luo Zheng caught in the black giant's hand, they immediately showed panic on their faces.
"Buzz!"
There was also an eye in the black giant's hand, and the red light in the eye burst out.

Chapter 3611
When Luo Zheng was caught in the palm, he wanted to pierce through it with his spear and break free.
However, the black giant's strength was amazing. After the huge force pinched Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng couldn't move at all.
"Buzz …"
As the red light lit up, Luo Zheng's pupils suddenly widened. Then, he was drowned by the red light.
"No!"
"Luo Zheng!"
"No way …"
The red light shot out from the gap in the black giant's palm.
Nuwa, Fuxi, Donghuang, and the others were horrified when they saw this.
The red light was unimaginably powerful. Anyone who touched it would turn into powder. Luo Zheng was probably no exception.
The three Immortal Hunters fell silent when they saw this.
There was no doubt that they thought highly of Luo Zheng. Otherwise, they wouldn't have followed him all the way here.
Who would have thought that this was Luo Zheng's final destination …
It might also be their final destination …
The leader of the black-robed men stood in place in a daze. Because the thick black robe covered his face, his expression couldn't be seen clearly.
The black giant slowly spread out his hand.
Everyone saw a pile of shiny silver armor and a spear, as well as a pile of powder mixed in them.
General Si, who was on the Clear Sky Platform opposite them, revealed a slightly bored smile and tilted his hand slightly.
The black giant also tilted his right hand, allowing the armor, spear, and powder to fall from his fingertips to the ground.
When Tian Chuan saw this scene in the distance, a sad expression appeared on his face. After many struggles, he finally awakened. However, he didn't even have the right to know the truth. Now, he was going to be obliterated.
"Dong, dong, dong …"
The black giant walked over step by step. Red light accumulated in his eyes again. At the same time, General Si said in Sanskrit through him, "I told you earlier that you saved me the trouble by doing it yourself. Since you asked me to do it, I won't let you die so easily. Although the Treacherous Body can't be killed, I can change some of your obsessions and reduce the possibility of your awakening infinitely. Moreover, you will be reincarnated in pain again and again …"
After the black giant stepped over the armor and spear on the ground, the pile of ashes scattered on the ground slowly moved.
This pile of scattered black dust was like thousands of ants. They divided their work and gathered together bit by bit, slowly forming a small pyramid about ten inches high.
On the pyramid formed by the black dust, a wisp of bright red blood grew from it.
When the bright red blood grew out, it emitted a strange and powerful aura. The moment this aura appeared, it attracted everyone's attention!
"What, what is that?" Tian Xing looked at the blood-red color behind the black giant, his eyes filled with confusion.
Nuwa, Fuxi, the Immortal Hunter, and all the other black-robed people stared at the blood-red thing in a daze. The blood grew out of the black ash like the roots of a plant. It extended upward bit by bit, like the rapid growth of a blood coral in the sea.
"What …"
"Da da!"
The general of the Ji Mansion took two steps forward, almost standing on the edge of the Clear Sky Platform. His eyes were fixed on the blood-red thing.
He sensed a very familiar aura …
That was the aura of origin …
For this brat to be able to come to the Three Clear Skies, he was definitely at the Immortal Realm. Immortal Realm cultivators could possibly obtain the acknowledgement of the Origin Divine Blood and obtain some sort of ability from it.
But what kind of ability was this?
Could it release the aura of the Origin Divine Blood? The general of the Ji Mansion was very confused.
What made him even more confused was, what was that blood-red coral that kept growing?
Sizzle sizzle sizzle …
As the blood continued to grow, it gradually formed a human-shaped coral.
The dust on the ground moved without any wind. It was attracted by the human-shaped coral and slowly gathered on its surface.
The human-shaped coral reached out and grabbed the silver armor and spear. All the armor flew backward and stuck to his body. The spear also flew out of his hand.
The last thing to return to his hand was the cracked square stone. When he held the square stone, the Light of Destruction began to flow in his hand again.
"Buzz!"
Guang Ze's armor and spear quickly recovered their silver color.
"Is, is he still human?"
"He's already turned into dust, but he can still stand up …"
"Luo Zheng's ability …"
During the battle at Li Mountain, everyone had seen Luo Zheng's ability. He could restrain almost everything and could transform into anything.
Even so, no one expected him to be able to stand up so quickly after turning into dust!
What was this brat's ability …
Everyone was stunned.
Tian Xing was also in disbelief.
Those who had been baptized by the Origin Divine Blood were usually very powerful.
The problem was, this brat was still alive even after turning into dust.
What kind of ability did he have?
General Si stared at the black giant for a long time but could not figure it out.
Even if his imagination was extremely rich, he could not figure out that the red blood was the Origin Divine Blood itself.
"Although I don't know what you experienced in the Eternal Divine Court, you have the right to enter the Shi Fang Residence with such a unique ability. It's a pity you were born at the wrong time …" General Si muttered as he suddenly turned around and slapped the ground with one hand.
The black giant turned around and slapped the human-shaped coral on the ground.
"Buzz!"
Red light shot out from the black giant's palm again, completely covering the human-shaped coral.
Nuwa, who was far away, took a deep breath. She stopped blinking and stared intently at the changes in the black giant's palm.
The red light gradually dissipated, and the human-shaped coral disappeared as well.
Then, everyone saw strands of red coral flickering along the black giant's arm. The red coral seemed to be the meridians in the black giant's arm and was rapidly moving upward.
Apart from the red meridians, there were also flashes of white lightning from time to time. That was the Light of Destruction!
The red and white lightning intertwined and spread along the black giant's arm. At the same time, the black giant's arm began to collapse from the hand!
At the same time, General Si clutched his right hand and let out a pained cry. His face became extremely distorted as he shouted, "How is this possible?!"
After the red and white lightning quickly drilled into the black giant's body, the Commander of the Imperial Palace clutched his chest. He felt as if a red-hot iron was stirring up his internal organs.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!"
A red and a white light stirred within the black giant's body, and the body collapsed and disappeared ….
The two lights did not stop and drilled into the black giant's head!
"No, no …"
General Si saw the commotion in the distance and realized that something was wrong. He immediately hugged his head and let out a shrill cry.
After he and the black giant became one, they shared their senses.
Unfortunately, the connection between him and the black giant was extremely complicated. It would take time to break it. General Si could only endure the intense pain.

Chapter 3612
General Si's wails lasted for more than ten breaths of time. At this point, the black giant had completely collapsed and dissipated.
Its huge body had completely disappeared, and a human-shaped coral slowly descended from the sky. Its human-shaped body trembled slightly, and the silver armor and spear slipped from its body and scattered all over the ground.
Everyone was still staring at the human-shaped coral in a daze.
They didn't dare to confirm that it was Luo Zheng. They couldn't even confirm what it was.
However, after a short while, countless granules grew from the human-shaped coral. The granules intertwined with each other to form a skeleton. Then, layers of flesh grew rapidly, and finally, Luo Zheng's original appearance was restored.
"Phew …"
Nuwa let out a deep sigh of relief.
She had been very nervous just now, and every muscle in her body had been tense. Now, she suddenly felt relieved.
The three Immortal Hunters opened their mouths wide, as if they couldn't understand at all.
The Immortal Hunters had seen many unique and miraculous creatures, but they had never heard of a creature with such powerful vitality and such a strange form!
Tianchuan was the first to step forward.
In the Wailing Path, Tianchuan had instinctively chosen Luo Zheng's body because he felt that Luo Zheng was indeed stronger than the people around him.
After Tianchuan awakened, he naturally understood that his choice was correct. After all, Luo Zheng was a genius who could be chosen to enter the Eternal God Court.
However, Tianchuan now realized that he had underestimated Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng's bloodline power was far stronger than Tianchuan had imagined!
"Your ability comes from the Life Quadrant of the Origin Divine Blood, right? Such a powerful recovery ability is probably a combination of many abilities in the Life Quadrant. With your potential, it's even possible for you to become a general! "Tianchuan exclaimed.
In Tianchuan's eyes, a "general" was already an invincible existence.
However, this was indeed the case. No matter what trouble the world builders encountered, as long as Shifang Prefecture sent out a general, there was no problem that couldn't be solved.
This was also why Tianchuan was so respectful of "General Si."
"Life Quadrant?" Luo Zheng thought for a moment and said, "Probably …"
When the red light shone on him, Luo Zheng naturally felt the fluctuations of the Origin Divine Blood.
The Origin Divine Blood was not under Luo Zheng's control. In the beginning, the Origin Divine Blood seemed to be able to break down the information contained in the fluctuation process and inform Luo Zheng. Even when Luo Zheng came into contact with any energy, the Origin Divine Blood could analyze it and then give it the energy to restrain it.
But gradually, the Origin God Blood became cold to him. Now, as long as it wasn't a fatal threat, the Origin God Blood wouldn't take the initiative to help him …
Just now, when facing the black giant, Luo Zheng rushed forward without hesitation. He also had the purpose of stimulating the origin divine blood.
Tianchuan didn't continue to entangle himself with Luo Zheng's bloodline. He turned around and still looked at the other Clear Sky Platform. "But what on earth did General Si go through? Why did he become so violent and insist on throwing me back to the Wailing Road?"
"The situation must be more complicated than you think," Luo Zheng said as he looked over.
On the Clear Sky Platform in the distance, General Si was freed from extreme pain. His face was covered in dark clouds.
The awakening of the Creepy on the Wailing Road was originally an accident. This was also the reason why General Si hurried over. But after the accident, there was an even bigger accident. A bastard had actually killed a Resentment Level Creepy. This was too inconceivable and abnormal!
In the Human Spirit Sect, Shifang Prefecture had always welcomed all geniuses. This was also the foundation of the Human Spirit Sect's strength.
However, some Human Spirits in the Human Spirit Sect were like General Si. They looked down on humans from the Secondary World from the bottom of their hearts. In their eyes, although these humans continued to have the appearance of Human Spirits and were very similar in many aspects, they were still bastards.
But after this bastard killed a Resentment Level Creepy, he was still able to be reborn intact. How did this kid do that with his magical power that was like a magic trick?
"Gurgle gurgle …"
A mass of black substance floated up from the Clear Sky Platform where Luo Zheng and the others were. This black substance was a part of the black giant's remains. It could be considered a fish that had escaped the net.
General Si kept pinching it with both hands. The black substance in the pattern also changed shape as he pinched it. Soon, it turned into General Si's head.
This head was about the size of an ordinary person's head. The Creepy aura it contained was very weak.
The space of the Three Pure Heavens was very special. Whether it was energy or matter, it would disappear after leaving the Clear Sky Platform. The same was true for sound. General Si could only use this method to transmit his voice.
"How many light pillars did you raise in the Eternal Divine Court? Which light pillars were they?" General Si asked.
One had to know that there were 373 types of abilities in the Origin Divine Blood. These 373 types of abilities could be fused together to obtain countless abilities. The Four Spirit Sect had studied the Origin Divine Blood for so long, but they still could not completely figure out its order.
The ability Luo Zheng had displayed was very powerful. Of course, General Si wanted to know.
"No comment," Luo Zheng replied concisely.
General Si's expression changed. There was a hint of coldness in his eyes. "You're not afraid of death?"
"Maybe I am," Luo Zheng replied honestly.
General Si's expression softened when he heard this. "You are valuable to us. I can spare your life, but you have to kill everyone else."
Tian Xing's eyebrows rose when he heard this.
The others did not understand General Si's words, but they could tell from Tian Xing's expression that it was not something good.
Luo Zheng controlled his temper and smiled. "You? Who is it? Shifang Constabulary? Or the Human Spirit Sect? "
"You don't need to know too much. Just do as I say," General Si continued to tempt him.
"Sorry, I'm not interested." Luo Zheng reached out and grabbed at the air. The spear on the ground appeared in his hand. He pointed it at General Si's "head".
General Si did not expect Luo Zheng to suddenly change his expression. He hurriedly said, "Wait, wait …"
"Boom!"
Luo Zheng did not give General Si a chance to speak. The Light of Destruction pierced through General Si's head and dissipated.
The spear that pierced through General Si's head swayed slightly and pointed straight at the Clear Sky Platform. Luo Zheng smiled faintly.
He was interested in General Si's background. Since General Si was unwilling to speak, there was no need to continue the conversation.
General Si did not expect Luo Zheng to suddenly attack. He felt like he had been fooled. Especially since the one who had fooled him was a creature from another world! His eyes were about to spit fire.
"Luo! Contact the Yue House and have them attack! "General Si said in a low voice.
A brown shadow appeared next to the general. This was a type of strange object known as a "network". It was capable of transmitting information.
The surface of this "Luo" flickered and sent out a message. "Master Si, the Yue House said we can't go. The Aquarius Stage is under attack."
"They dare to attack the Aquarius Stage?" General Si was slightly shocked.
"The Yue House has requested for help. The Black House has already rushed over," Luo said. "Those fellows are very determined. They have turned out in full force. I'm afraid they want to take the energy that was extracted."

Chapter 3613
The Aquarius Platform was also a Clear Sky Platform. In the center of this Clear Sky Platform was an aquarius that was taller than a person, hence its name.
One of the Divine Daos extracted from the fusion energy was sealed in the aquarius. Its purpose was to prevent the complete fusion energy from being born in the Chaos World.
Although the possibility of relying on oneself to fuse with the fusion energy was extremely low, it was not impossible.
Once the complete fusion energy was grasped, it would cause a lot of trouble. Thus, the Aquarius Platform was heavily guarded and almost impossible to break through.
More importantly, the key to the Trillion Tower Mountain was extremely well protected and only in the hands of a few awakened ones. It had not been leaked for more than a thousand chaos epochs. How did the enemy know about it now?
The Aquarius General smelled something unusual in this matter.
In comparison, the world builder on the other side was just a small matter …
"Consider yourselves lucky, but you may not be able to escape!" The Aquarius General looked at Luo Zheng and said coldly. Then he turned and walked towards the center of the Clear Sky Platform. With a burst of orange light, the Aquarius General disappeared.
Luo Zheng and the others naturally saw the Aquarius General leave.
"The Aquarius General probably won't let this go," Tianchuan said worriedly.
Luo Zheng nodded. "Let's leave here first."
At this time, everyone's attention was focused on the door again.
According to the Heavenly Transmission, the door was swapped without anyone noticing. This door was to prevent those who entered the Clear Sky Platform from escaping, so it was not easy to break it open.
"Let's try again together. No matter what, this door is an inanimate object. I don't believe that we can't open it if we work together!" Fuxi suggested.
The situation just now was very urgent. They had not been able to open the door with brute force. Now that they had more time to deal with it, they were naturally more optimistic.
"Everyone, apply this." The Blood Lion suddenly took out a small greasy paper bag.
After opening the bag, a small grease cube was revealed. This grease cube emitted a faint fragrance.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others did not recognize it, but Donghuang's eyes lit up. "This is dragonbeast oil? It's so big! "
"Mm." The Blood Lion nodded.
The Dragon Beast was also a kind of living creature in the Divine River. After killing it, one could peel its skin and cut open its stomach to find this kind of oil. Smearing the oil on one's hands could greatly increase one's strength.
Dragonbeast oil was also a very rare item in the Blaze Maple Forest. After all, this item would not attract the attacks of the Blaze Maple Forest, but it could greatly increase one's strength.
This piece of dragonbeast oil was also a treasure to the Blood Lion, but in order to escape, it naturally couldn't hide it.
Everyone stretched out their hands, and the Blood Lion grabbed the grease cube and smeared it on his face.
Even the treacherous Tian Chuan was covered in it.
After Luo Zheng applied the grease on his hands, he felt a warm sensation. Then, he felt a sense of strength in his hands. This grease was really magical.
After applying it, the black-robed leader took out a small golden statue. It had a human face and a beast body, and there were four orbs on its back. Three of them had already been crushed, and the black-robed leader said, "This treasure can double everyone's strength, but it's already been used three times. This will be the last time."
As he spoke, he reached out and crushed the last orb. With a "pa" sound, two rays of golden light shot out from the eyes of the golden statue.
When everyone was shrouded in the golden light, they immediately felt their strength increase dramatically!
To be able to double the strength of living creatures within a certain range, this golden statue was naturally not an ordinary item. Unfortunately, it would be useless after this use. It was really a pity.
In addition to these two treasures, the others also tried their best to take out their own treasures.
The Nirvana Realm tokens in the Three Pure Heavens were naturally not ordinary items. For a moment, all kinds of energy auras flowed in front of the door.
After they were fully prepared, everyone began to pull together!
Under the terrifying force, the seemingly ordinary door began to tremble slightly.
"Everyone, come on. This door can't hold on." Fuxi's eyes shone.
As everyone's strength increased rapidly, the door trembled more and more violently, as if it was about to collapse.
But just as everyone's heart was filled with hope, a Sanskrit character suddenly appeared on the surface of the door. Around the Sanskrit character were complicated patterns that extended all the way to the edge of the door.
"This is the word 'seal'?" Nuwa said as she stared at it.
The Winged Monarch nodded. "It is indeed the word 'seal'."
Everyone present more or less dabbled in Sanskrit. They could even decipher part of the more complicated Sanskrit characters. Now that this Sanskrit character only expressed one word, they naturally understood it at a glance.
However, they only understood this word and did not understand the patterns on the door.
Tianchuan said to Luo Zheng, "We can't open it. This is a sealed door. Brute force alone can't destroy it."
"We can't open it no matter how strong we are?" Luo Zheng was somewhat doubtful.
Tianchuan nodded. "We can't open it."
Even though Tianchuan was speaking, everyone did not relax at all. Everyone seemed to be squeezing their strength to the limit. However, after the word 'seal' appeared, the door became more and more stable.
After Luo Zheng relayed Tianchuan's words to everyone, the Immortal Hunter and the black-robed man were instantly discouraged. Nuwa, Fuxi, and the other Immortal Realm experts also stopped.
"It's a pity that my dragon beast oil is gone," Blood Lion said regretfully.
The black-robed leader shrugged. Clearly, his precious golden statue was more precious.
"What should we do now? If we can't open the door, won't we be trapped here? Squeak." Rat King Sheng Tian asked.
"Senior Tianchuan, is there any other way to leave here?" Luo Zheng asked.
Tianchuan looked at the door and pondered for a long time. Suddenly, he said, "Then we can only dismantle this Clear Sky Platform …"
"Dismantle the Clear Sky Platform?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
Tianchuan looked rather confident. "Don't forget my profession."
In terms of combat ability, Tianchuan's strength might not be considered strong. However, he was a world builder. The entire Chaos was built by him. Of course, he was clear about the mysteries and principles behind it.
Previously, Tianchuan did not want to dismantle the Clear Sky Platform because he was concerned about the other world builders.
The obsession of the other 199 builders in the Wailing Path was similar to Tianchuan's. They had to return here to have a chance of "awakening."
However, in order to leave now, he naturally could not care so much …
Then, he turned around facing the door, walked ten steps away, pointed at his feet, and said, "Break this place."
Luo Zheng followed Tianchuan's instructions. He carried the long spear and stabbed in the direction Tianchuan pointed at.
The ground of the Clear Sky Platform should be very sturdy. The Clear Sky Platform did not break after the fight just now.
"Crack!"
Unexpectedly, Luo Zheng used the end of the long spear to smash the ground fiercely. The ground cracked, revealing a rune underneath.
Tianchuan did not even look at it. He took ten steps to the side again. "Break this place."

Chapter 3614
Luo Zheng followed Tian Chuan's instructions and smashed it down.
"Crack!"
With this smash, a unique talisman character was also revealed.
The second talisman character was somewhat similar to the second talisman character, but the direction was different. There must be some connection between them.
However, Tian Chuan didn't give any explanation. He still walked in the other direction and pointed at the ground, guiding Luo Zheng to smash it open.
"Pa, pa, pa, pa …"
More than twenty holes were smashed into the huge Clear Sky Platform, and there was a talisman character under each hole.
When Luo Zheng smashed the last hole, Tian Chuan stretched out his hand and lightly pressed on the talisman character in the hole. A faint yellow light was projected from the talisman character.
Then, the talisman characters in the holes lit up one after another. When all the talisman characters lit up, everyone felt the ground suddenly tremble.
"Bang!"
A muffled sound came from inside the Clear Sky Platform, as if something heavy had opened.
The huge Clear Sky Platform started to slowly rotate, and the stone pillars that previously held the armor rose up one by one. At the same time, a clear crack appeared in the center of the Clear Sky Platform, as if a tortoise shell split open from the middle was slowly unfolding, revealing the complicated structure inside.
"This Clear Sky Platform's structure is very ingenious," Fuxi praised.
"It's the same as those mechanisms at the bottom of the Myriad Towers Mountain," Nuwa nodded and said while looking at Tian Chuan, "These things were probably meticulously created by the builders of these worlds."
"I'm more interested in those armors and weapons! Squeak! "Victorious Heaven Rat King's soybean-sized eyes stared at the armors inside the stone pillars.
When they first saw those armors and weapons, they attracted everyone's interest.
However, Tian Chuan warned them that those armors and weapons were protected by powerful restrictions. Coupled with the fact that they had encountered Shift, they didn't have any ideas about them.
However, now that the Clear Sky Platform was "unfolding," Victorious Heaven Rat King had another idea.
"Luo Zheng, can we take away some armors and weapons? Squeak! "Victorious Heaven Rat King asked.
If these Immortal Realm experts used those weapons, they could kill Shift with the Light of Destruction.
Luo Zheng thought for a moment before asking, "Senior Tianchuan, these armors and weapons are useless here. Can you give a few sets to my friend? That way, he'll have a better chance of defeating Shift!"
As long as they could use the Light of Annihilation, everyone present would have the ability to deal with Shift.
Hearing Luo Zheng's proposal, Tianchuan turned around and glanced at him. He was a little hesitant.
Although both sides had a certain understanding of each other, Tianchuan was still not sure if Luo Zheng was on the same side as him. Or rather, Tianchuan was very confused about his own future. As the creator of the world, he was originally a member of the Human Soul Sect.
But what was going on with the Human Spirit Sect? Why did Shifang Prefecture attack him? The reasons were all shrouded in mystery. Could this young man named Luo Zheng be trusted?
I'm afraid it's a question mark.
"Senior Tianchuan, are you still questioning our position and origin?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes," Tianchuan replied.
Luo Zheng said sternly, "In fact, I don't know what position Senior Tianchuan holds. I believe Senior is also very confused now. But we can help Senior find out the truth. Before we determine Senior's position, we can choose to cooperate."
Seeing Luo Zheng's serious face, Tianchuan was touched. Then, he nodded and said, "In fact, our position may not be important anymore. If as you said, even the Four Spirits Sect has fallen, we, the world creators, would have been thrown away as useless abandoned pawns long ago …"
Tianchuan was very depressed when he was faced with such a situation after struggling for more than a thousand chaos epochs to awaken.
"Senior Tianchuan, you're undervaluing yourself." Luo Zheng shook his head. "If you were abandoned, Shifang Prefecture would not have specially sent people to guard here, and Shifang Prefecture would not have made a special trip here!"
Luo Zheng's words made Tianchuan feel a little better. He then said, "I can't give you those armors and weapons. The other world creators also need these things if they want to awaken."
The world creators came all the way to the Clear Sky Platform to fulfill the process of obsession. These weapons and armors were the necessary conditions for awakening, not to mention that these armors and weapons did not belong to Tianchuan.
"But the armors and weapons are not the source of the light of destruction." Tianchuan pointed to the bottom of the stone pillar. "The really important thing is there. Take it out."
Although Luo Zheng felt a little strange, he still approached the stone pillar and reached out to touch it.
As he touched it, he took out a palm-sized square stone from the bottom. In the center of this square stone was inlaid a white gravel. Luo Zheng took it to Tianchuan and asked, "Senior, this is …"
"This is also a holy stone, but it's very small." Tianchuan smiled slightly. "The light of destruction in the armors and weapons is obtained from this holy stone the size of a gravel."
Luo Zheng suddenly understood and was quite surprised at the same time.
A holy stone the size of a gravel could provide a lot of light of destruction. The holy stone snatched from Lei Sha was a hundred times bigger. No wonder the light of destruction in it was endless.
"The light of destruction in these holy stones will slowly be replenished after it is used up. It's a sharp weapon against Deception. Everyone present can take one," Tianchuan said.
After Luo Zheng relayed Tianchuan's words to everyone present, they all showed excitement in their eyes, especially the three Immortal Hunter brothers.
The light of destruction was extremely effective against Deception. It was indeed a sharp weapon.
After getting permission, the others took out a square stone from the bottom of the stone pillar.
After Tianchuan taught everyone the method of activating the light of destruction, they carefully put it away.
Then Tianchuan turned his gaze to the center of the Clear Sky Platform. There was a wall on one side of the unfolded part. "It's time to leave here. Just break that wall."
Luo Zheng flew forward after hearing the order and punched the wall.
"Boom!"
The wall collapsed with a bang, revealing a passageway half the height of a person.
Luo Zheng bent down and entered the passageway. After walking for more than 200 feet, another wall appeared in front of him. He punched it again.
"Boom!"
After the wall collapsed, a huge pool was revealed in front of everyone.
The others came out of the passageway in a line. When they saw the pool and the bronze statues again, they all felt like they had survived a disaster.
After this battle, Li Shan's group and the Immortal Hunters didn't suffer any casualties. They were very lucky.
On the other hand, more than half of the black-robed men had died.
These black-robed men had some complaints about their leader. After all, they had followed Luo Zheng all the way here. They didn't get any benefits and even lost so many of their brothers.
However, after the black-robed leader's persuasion, they calmed down a lot.
After all, they only got six eagle eggs with Luo Zheng's help. That saved the entire Night Man Clan. This was a great favor.
Moreover, each of them got a holy stone gravel. In terms of fighting against Deception, they had gained a lot.

Chapter 3615
At the edge of the Frigid Plain.
More than a hundred feet deep underground, two crystal-like ice frogs were sleeping.
This kind of Frigid Ice Frog was very rare. As long as they were not awakened, they could sleep for about a thousand years. It was one of the most popular Nirvana tokens in Shang Qing Sky.
"Crack, crack …"
A force dug down from above, and the large vibration woke up the two Frigid Ice Frogs.
"Hoo …"
Dense white mist was released from their bodies. This extremely low-temperature white mist not only froze them into a layer of protective ice, but also froze the surrounding enemies to death.
However, the diggers above were not afraid of this extremely cold white mist. They were the fire spirits of the Elemental Spirit Clan.
When the white mist rushed up, the fire spirit let out a sneer, and the hot flames immediately dispelled all the white mist.
"Hoo hoo …"
The flames above poured into the pit like poisonous snakes, and soon the Frigid Ice Frogs and the hard ice on their bodies turned into a pool of water.
"There's nothing here. I'll continue to dig to the west …" the fire spirit said.
On the east side of the Frigid Plain near the snowline, the snow that had accumulated for countless years had now disappeared completely, exposing the dark frozen soil layer. Even the frozen soil layer had been dug up …
The Elemental Spirit Clan really dug three feet into the ground.
Fire floated in the air and looked at the dark ground silently. "You can't even find such a large area?"
The holy garment armor floating next to Fire had been controlled by "Claire". Claire looked across the non-existent snowline and said, "Could it be that we have entered the Wilderness of No Return?"
A trace of caution flickered in Fire's coquettish eyes.
The snowline had been destroyed as soon as she arrived, which was a bit of a sign that she was trying to hide something. It was indeed possible.
But if they didn't return to the Wilderness of No Return, weren't they afraid of death?
"Maybe they can find a special way, and this way is in the Wilderness of No Return," Claire said. "I can give it a try …"
With that, Claire gently raised her hand, and an exit formed by blue light appeared above the palm of the holy winged armor. "Whoosh …"
Countless fist-sized fire spirits were released by Claire.
These fire spirits were all young …
They were also members of the Elemental Spirit Clan.
However, their intelligence was not high enough and they only knew how to follow orders.
Seeing Claire send these little fire spirits into the Wasteland of No Return, Fire said angrily, "Do we need to sacrifice so many fire spirits?"
"Anyway, this thing is easy to divide. Fire, you can go back to the Holy Wing Armor and make millions more." Claire shrugged, and the Holy Wing Armor suddenly made a sound of metal friction.
"You …" Fire's face darkened slightly. She regretted helping Claire get the Holy Wing Armor.
Ah Huo could indeed nurture millions of fire spirits, but in her eyes, no matter how weak a fire spirit was, it was still a member of the Meta Spirit Clan.
But Claire was different. In her eyes, these fire spirits were just a bunch of unthinking flames …
These little fire spirits huddled together and made chirping sounds, as if they were children of flames. Half of them were jumping around excitedly, forming a huge ball of flame as they huddled together.
When this huge ball of flame reached the edge of the snow line, it rushed into the Wasteland of No Return.
"Whoosh …"
"Ji ji …"
The first little fire spirit rushed into the Wasteland of No Return and rushed forward without hesitation.
Claire had already ordered these little fire spirits to turn back on their own if they could find the way. If they couldn't, they would die.
But this little fire spirit just kept running forward, obviously unable to turn back. It would exhaust its energy in the Wasteland of No Return and eventually turn into an ordinary little flame that would slowly extinguish.
Little fire spirits kept rushing out of the huge flame into the Wasteland of No Return one after another.
Looking from a distance, there was a flame line spreading diagonally forward on the Wasteland of No Return, which looked very shocking.
"Those human beings destroyed this snowline. If they entered from somewhere in the snowline, they must be able to find the way." Claire said confidently.
Of course, Fire knew that this method was useful, but looking at those little fire spirits who were "going to die", she felt very uncomfortable.
"Swoosh …"
As the little fire spirits rushed into the Wasteland of No Return one after another, they were getting closer and closer to the road in the Wasteland of No Return!
Ten miles …
Five miles …
Three miles …
When they were only a mile away from the road, the little fire spirits had all rushed into the Wasteland of No Return.
"There are not enough little fire spirits. Give me more!" Claire said and raised her hand again. From the blue light above her arm, groups of bright blue little thunder spirits drilled out. These little thunder spirits kept making crackling sounds and began to gather together.
Anyway, the other Elemental Spirits in the Holy Wing Armor had been released, and no one could control Claire. Everything inside the Holy Wing Armor was under Claire's control.
Just as Claire was about to issue an order, a voice suddenly sounded in her and Fire's minds.
"Fire, Jie, come back." It was Eye Spirit's call.
Hearing Eye Spirit's call, both Fire and Claire's faces became extremely serious.
If it weren't for special circumstances, Eye Spirit wouldn't make an emergency call.
"Lady Eye Spirit, what happened?" Fire asked.
"The Wukong Clan attacked the Aquarius Terrace." Eye Spirit said.
Fire's eyes were full of incredulity. "They … dare?"
On the surface, the Elemental Spirit civilization and the Wukong Clan were fighting in the Otherworld Battlefield, but in fact, there were two more powerful forces behind them.
The Aquarius Terrace had always been the focus of the Elemental Spirit civilization's protection. There was not only the Elemental Spirit civilization there, but also the powerful Treachery. How dare the Wukong Clan attack at this time? Were they crazy?
"Go back." Eye Spirit left only two brief words.
But for Fire and Claire, this was an order they couldn't disobey.
Claire gently raised her hand, and the released thunder spirits returned to the Holy Wing Armor.
Fire also informed the Elemental Spirits who were searching on the cold plain. After these Elemental Spirits drilled into the Holy Wing Armor, an emotionless voice came. "Claire, hand over the control of the Holy Wing Armor."
It was a special situation just now. The elders of the Elemental Spirits had all left the armor, so it was handed over to Claire for safekeeping.
Now all the Elemental Spirits had returned to their positions. Together, they were "Jie Yan" itself, so they naturally had to hand over Claire.
"The situation is urgent. I'm controlling the Holy Wing Armor now." Claire replied.
It wasn't easy for her to get control of the Holy Wing Armor, so how could she give it back casually?
"The more urgent the situation is, the more we have to abide by the rules. Fire, don't you think …" Jie Yan continued.
Claire just snorted coldly, and the voice of "Jie Yan" stopped abruptly.
The inner world of the Holy Wing Armor was controlled by Claire, so it was easy for Claire to block their voices.
"Let's go!"
"Hoo …"
Claire unfolded the wings of the Holy Wing Armor and drifted forward.
Fire froze in the air, looked at the back of the Holy Wing Armor, narrowed his eyes slightly, and then flew forward.

Chapter 3616
Luo Zheng and the rest returned to the pool and climbed along the long fishing rods.
When they reached the top of the fishing rods, they used two fingers to hold onto the hook and lowered it down.
Luo Zheng, Tian Chuan, Fuxi, and the rest were the first to go down. Not long after, they returned to the cave.
The moment they returned to the cave, what they saw was a cave full of green crystals!
These green crystals completely sealed the cave.
"What is this, squeak!" Rat King Sheng Tian was shocked.
Fuxi stepped forward and gently knocked on the green crystals. He said cautiously, "This thing is very strong. I'm afraid it won't be easy to break it …"
Before Fuxi could finish, Nuwa interrupted, "These green crystals should be the green jade on the Wing King. The Wing King was the last to go up. This was set up by him."
"It should be." Luo Zheng nodded with a smile.
Although the Wing King didn't mention it, Luo Zheng was very familiar with these green jades.
After the black-robed man and the Immortal Hunters hung down from above, it was the Wing King's turn.
Although the Wing King didn't speak much, he deliberately covered up everything for everyone at the end.
He walked to the green jades and stretched out his wings. These extraordinarily strong green crystals melted like wax and began to flow back to the Wing King's body.
In a short while, the Wing King had absorbed all the wax and stood to the side.
The Green Jade Civilization had failed once and formed a deadly feud with the Wu Kong Clan. In the Hidden Domain of the Thirteenth Heaven, it had already taken a fancy to Luo Zheng and entrusted the hope of the entire Green Jade Civilization to Luo Zheng.
From the looks of it, its choice was very correct. Not only did Luo Zheng not disappoint it, but he also greatly exceeded its expectations. Now, no matter what choice Luo Zheng made, it would contribute unconditionally and silently.
After everyone left the cave, they returned along the path of the Plains of No Return.
The exit of the cave was very close to the Divine River in the Immortal Wasteland. It was only about ten meters away.
Previously, Donghuang was full of confidence that this path would meet the Divine River. If the river met all the way, Donghuang wanted to fish in the Divine River.
However, this cave that led to Clear Jade Heaven was the end of this path. Naturally, the idea of entering the Divine River was dispelled …
But just as everyone walked out of the cave, they saw a strange scene.
The water that flowed in the Divine River was originally emerald green in color. It was the Soul Avoiding Water that could prevent those at the Nirvana Realm from leaving the Nirvana Realm.
The water of the Divine River had always been the same color. Occasionally, when a group of Goldbiters passed by, those little golden fish would reflect the river water into a golden color. Other than that, there were no other changes.
But now, the water of the Divine River had turned dark red. At the same time, a thick smell of blood spread out from the Divine River.
"How did the Divine River become like this …" Donghuang, who was the most interested in the Divine River, said in a daze.
"It's the smell of blood." Nuwa's nose sniffed gently. "Although I don't know what kind of blood it is, it has been in the Divine River for some time. The blood has started to stink …"
Apart from the smell of blood, there was also a rotten smell coming from the divine river.
"Have you ever seen the Divine River like this?" Luo Zheng asked.
Both the black-robed leader and the Immortal Hunters quickly shook their heads.
The Immortal Hunters were quite knowledgeable. They had been in contact with the Divine River for a long time, but they had never seen it before.
"There's a battle upstream," Tian Chuan suddenly said.
Others could not understand Tian Chuan's words, but when Tian Chuan spoke, everyone still listened attentively. After all, this guy was the creator of the world. He knew the whole Chaos very well.
"Does the Upper Realm refer to the Clear Sky Platform?" Luo Zheng asked.
Before this, it was said that the Clear Sky Platform was the real Clear Jade Heaven. The upper reaches of the Divine River must be in Clear Jade Heaven.
However, Tian Chuan shook his head. "Not necessarily. When we first planned the Divine River, we led the Clear Sky Platform's Divine River to some other small Clear Sky Platforms. It took several turns …"
"Small Clear Sky Platforms? These small Clear Sky Platforms are not connected to each other. How did they become the flow of the Divine River? "Luo Zheng was a little confused.
"Of course, we used a special method." Tian Chuan's face showed a proud expression. When it came to his profession, he immediately became eloquent. "It's a method of permanent space integration. Only then can the complete Divine River be embedded …"
Just as Tian Chuan was still introducing the principle, the Blood Lion not far away suddenly said, "Look over there. Something is flowing down the Divine River!"
Everyone immediately looked in the direction the Blood Lion was pointing. Sure enough, there was a huge thing floating on the surface of the blood-colored Divine River. This huge thing was floating on the surface of the Divine River at a very fast speed.
After a certain distance, everyone could see it clearly.
It was the corpse of a giant lying on its side on the surface of the river.
The giant seemed to have been skinned. Half of it was underwater, and the other half was floating on the surface.
The half of its face that was exposed above the surface of the water was soaked and swollen. One of its eyes was glaring angrily. It seemed that the giant was very unwilling to die before it died.
And on this giant's body, there were black crows jumping around, pecking at the giant's rotten flesh.
These crows had only one eye. Although they were small, they revealed an indescribable evil aura. This evil aura was somewhat similar to the treacherous aura, but it was not exactly …
The one-eyed crows discovered Luo Zheng and the others.
The crows seemed unwilling to eat rotten flesh. They were more interested in fresh food.
"Caw!"
One of the crows took the lead and flew up. After flying out of the Divine River, it went straight to Luo Zheng's path.
But just as it flew a few feet away, a mysterious force wrapped around its body. It was dragged forward involuntarily. It could not turn back and went all the way to the depths of the Wasteland of No Return.
The other crows were in a similar situation. After they left the Divine River, they were affected by the Wasteland of No Return. They could only go in the opposite direction and let out a series of caws unwillingly.
Everyone was a little nervous at first. This strange one-eyed crow was probably a creature of the Nirvana Realm from the Jade Clear Sky. Who knew what kind of strange means it had. If it really came here, it would be difficult to deal with it.
Luo Zheng asked Senior Tianchuan if he knew these creatures of the Nirvana Realm. Tianchuan just shook his head.
Although he was a world builder, he usually left to find the next suitable place after building a world. He did not know much about the later development of these worlds. Moreover, he had never experienced the development of the Chaotic World. Naturally, he did not know.
Everyone stopped by the side of the Divine River for a while.
In a short time, six giants floated down with the water. From this, they could roughly infer that the Divine River was dyed red by the blood of these giants.
As for who killed the giants, it was naturally a mystery.
After observing for a while, they followed this path and embarked on the return journey. There was nothing in the Wasteland of No Return, so the return journey was smooth.
But when they reached the snow line and saw a bare brown layer of soil, they were still surprised.

Chapter 3617
"If I remember correctly, this should be a thick snowfield," Donghuang murmured.
The thick layer of snow had completely disappeared …
The ground within a radius of a few miles had sunk down by more than ten feet.
How was this digging three feet into the ground? It was digging three hundred feet into the ground!
The corners of Nuwa's mouth curled up slightly. "The shadow mark can last for five days. Although no one from the shadow can observe us directly, it's not difficult to find this place with the mark."
After entering the path of the Wasteland of No Return, Nuwa used Nuwa's shadow to destroy the snow line.
Now it seemed to be an extremely wise move. Otherwise, their group would inevitably be blocked by the Elemental Spirit civilization on this path.
They carefully observed for a while. After confirming that the Elemental Spirit civilization was not lurking around, they crossed the snow line and returned to the Cold Plains.
Then the Wing King's body began to expand from the size of a man to a giant eagle dozens of feet long. He carried the group over the Cold Plains Ao Xiang.
After walking about a third of the way through the Cold Plains, the black-robed leader said goodbye to Luo Zheng.
Previously, the black-robed leader followed Luo Zheng all the way because he wanted to repay his kindness. Besides, although the Night Man Tribe had always lived in the dark domain, they also had a great relationship with the human race.
They got involved by accident and contributed some strength. However, the black-robed leader knew very well that the true strength of the Night Man Tribe could only be displayed in the dark domain. The enemies they faced in the light domain were difficult for them to fight against. Many times, they were a burden.
Before leaving, the black-robed leader gave Luo Zheng a piece of black cloth. He told Luo Zheng that this cloth was torn in the dark domain.
The Night Man Tribe would know his location. After that, he led the remaining few people and left.
The Wing King flapped his wings and flew over the vast snowfield.
Occasionally, a few foreign race creatures would appear from the snow layer below. They looked at him with a fierce look. Perhaps they still wanted to pounce on him.
However, the Wing King was too fast. Before they could take action, the Wing King had turned into a green stream of light and fled far away …
Tian Chuan looked at the snow-white scenery in the distance, and a sad expression appeared on his face. He had been diligently pursuing his' awakening ', but who would have thought that he would be abandoned after awakening? He suddenly asked, "Can you tell me what happened in the past thousand chaos epochs?"
Luo Zheng nodded and roughly explained the history of the Chaos that he knew. Of course, he concealed some of the more sensitive things.
After listening, Tianchuan asked, "In that case, the two strongest forces in the Chaos should be the Yuan Ling Civilization and the Wu Kong Clan?"
"Yes," Luo Zheng nodded.
Tian Chuan said disapprovingly, "These two forces can only be puppets pushed to the front."
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng nodded and said, "I think so."
Before entering Shangqing Heaven, Luo Zheng hadn't realized this.
As he understood the Shift group, and saw General Xi of Shi Fang Fu, he suddenly realized that the Yuan Ling Civilization and Wu Kong Clan were not as simple as they appeared on the surface. The actual situation was much more complicated than he had imagined … …
"If that's the case, then you're all alone and without help. It's truly surprising that you were able to reach this stage." Heaven Legend turned around and glanced at the Sempiternal realm cultivators on the eagle's back.
Although Tianchuan's cultivation back then was not considered strong, he was clear about the strength of this group of Sempiternal realm cultivators. It was simply a pipe dream for them to want to fight against the forces behind the Yuan Ling Civilization and Wu Kong Clan.
"So I hope that Senior Tianchuan can lend us a hand and help us complete the Path of the End so that the Chaos will no longer be destroyed." Luo Zheng did not miss the opportunity to throw out a request.
The reason why the Chaos was destroyed was essentially for the Four Spirit Gates to extract energy.
Tianchuan lowered his head and was silent for a while before saying, "If it's really as you say, that the Four Spirit Gates have been destroyed, it's indeed meaningless to let the Chaos continue to be destroyed. I can help you before investigating the truth, but I still have to rescue my colleagues from the Wailing Path and awaken them."
"Leave the awakening to us. I believe it will be very smooth." Luo Zheng revealed a confident smile.
Through the communication with the black-robed leader on the Clear Sky Platform, Luo Zheng and the others already had a preliminary understanding of the Shift.
According to different obsessions, it would lead to different types of Shift. For example, the Shift in the Wailing Path belonged to the type of possession. It was to rely on a certain living creature to go to the Clear Sky Platform to retrieve everything that had happened during its lifetime. If it was successfully completed, it would naturally awaken.
So they only needed to send some living creatures into the Wailing Path and let those living creatures be possessed. Then, they would naturally awaken on their way to the Clear Sky Platform.
Luo Zheng then relayed to Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others, "Senior Tianchuan wants to help his colleagues awaken."
Nuwa and the others were of course clear that Tianchuan's colleagues were the other 199 Shift.
"Help them awaken … squeak." Heaven-Winning Rat King was still thinking, but Nuwa already had a plan in mind. "In that case, I'm afraid we'll have to capture 199 Nirvana creatures and throw them into the Wailing Path."
Fuxi said, "It shouldn't be difficult. Although the Nirvana creatures in the Sanqing Heaven are not to be trifled with, there are still some relatively weak clans after all. As long as we have enough time, isn't the most important thing now to rescue the original human?"
According to the plan formulated by Luo Zheng and Heavenly Lord Yuanshi, after entering the Shangqing Heaven, they should start rescuing the human heroes trapped in the underground cavern. It was just that they were possessed by the Shift by a freak combination of factors, so they took such a big detour.
If they were to rescue the Shift in the Wailing Path now, it would take a lot of time.
As soon as Fuxi finished speaking, aquamarine jade liquid flowed out from the back of the Wing King. This jade liquid slowly formed a human body, which then turned into a human-shaped green jade statue.
"Luo Zheng, ask if this green jade statue is feasible," the Wing King asked.
Luo Zheng asked in Sanskrit, "Senior Tianchuan, can your colleagues be possessed by this green jade statue?"
Tianchuan looked at this green jade statue and nodded with satisfaction. "It should be no problem!"
In fact, the Shift in the Wailing Path did not need to be possessed to be awakened. The reason why they needed to be possessed was to use the Light of Destruction to kill those big-headed Shift. Now that the big-headed Shift was cleared, they could walk out of the Wailing Path directly.
However, the obsession of the Shift was slowly formed over the years. It was impossible to change it all at once. The human-shaped green jade statue created by the Wing King was just a catalyst to lead the Shift in the Wailing Path to the Qingtian Platform.
"If there are no problems, we can split into two groups. I'll go to the Wailing Path to help the Shift awaken, and you guys go to the underground cavern to rescue the human heroes," the Wing King said.
Nuwa agreed. "This arrangement is not bad."
There was already one less person in the Wailing Path and one more straw hut. The Wing King, who entered alone, would be very safe.
After getting everyone's approval, the Wing King sent Luo Zheng and the others to Billion Tower Mountain. Then, it changed its route and flew toward the Blood Swamp alone.

Chapter 3618
In the Clear Jade Sky, there was a huge bottle erected on the Clear Sky Platform that was hundreds of miles long and wide. The bottle was in the shape of a gourd.
It was crystal clear and emitted a magnificent color under the refraction of the light.
Beside the bottle was a wide river that suddenly appeared in the void of the Clear Jade Sky. It crossed the entire Bottle Platform and flowed into the void of the Clear Jade Sky.
This was the famous Divine River.
On both sides of the Divine River, there were huge corpses of giants lying on the side.
Blood flowed out of their bodies and flowed into the drainage ditch beside the Divine River, dyeing the Divine River blood-red.
A fat monk with a smile on his face stood beside the corpses of the giants. The fat monk always had a crescent-shaped smile on his face, looking very kind and friendly. However, the blood on his body gave him a layer of murderous aura.
The fat monk reached out and grabbed one side of the giant's corpse and pushed it into the Divine River.
"Huala …"
The giant's corpse was pushed into the Divine River and floated down the river.
On the other side of the Divine River, a woman in a long robe was also bathed in blood. Her originally clean white robe was dyed red. Like the fat monk, she tried to push the giants into the Divine River.
The fat monk looked like a monk, but in fact, he was a Daoist. He was Daoist Duobao.
The other woman was Fairy Bi Xiao of the Three Firmament Fairies. They were the eldest and youngest disciples of the Tongtian Sect Leader.
"Phew, I didn't expect Master to kill so many skinned giants in three days. Master's strength has increased again," Daoist Duobao sighed.
The skinned giants in the Clear Jade Sky were terrifyingly strong.
Not to mention facing so many skinned giants, Daoist Duobao could only run away if he faced one.
He was the eldest disciple of the Tongtian Sect Leader. Not only did he have all kinds of treasures, but the bloodline he had obtained from the Immortal Painting was also very magical. He was definitely a top existence among the many Immortal Realm experts.
Fairy Bi Xiao's eyes revealed a hint of worry. "Eldest Senior Brother, Master's strength has indeed increased, but don't you realize that Master seems to be a completely different person when he fights?"
"When he fights with others, he naturally has the determination to kill. Of course, Master will not be as amiable as usual," Daoist Duobao said matter-of-factly.
Unexpectedly, Fairy Bi Xiao still shook her head. "It's not like that. I always feel that Master was possessed by something strange during the battle. Do you still remember how Senior Sister died?"
The Eldest Senior Sister that Fairy Bi Xiao mentioned was the Goddess of Golden Spirit.
When Fairy Bi Xiao mentioned the Goddess of Golden Spirit, Daoist Duobao's expression changed. At the same time, he berated, "Don't mention this matter again!"
The Goddess of Golden Spirit was the second disciple of the Grandmaster of Heaven and the Senior Sister of the Three Xiao Immortals.
This senior sister took care of Yun Xiao like a mother. Qiong Xiao and Bi Xiao also treated the Goddess of Golden Spirit as their mother.
There was once when the Prime of Tongtian encountered a powerful enemy. During the battle, he suddenly lost control and slaughtered his enemy like a madman, forcing his opponent to retreat.
Although his master had won that battle, the Grandmaster of Heaven had accidentally killed the Goddess of Golden Spirit!
That had always been a shadow in Fairy Bi Xiao's heart that she could not get rid of. It was also something that the three sisters had always found difficult to face.
Originally, this matter had been sealed in the depths of Bi Xiao's heart. However, this time, her master suddenly became extremely crazy and killed all the Skinned Giants present with unbelievable methods.
At that time, Bi Xiao was also relatively close to one of the Skinned Giants. If Daoist Duobao had not dragged her away at the critical moment, the Grandmaster of Heaven would have killed her as well.
When Bi Xiao looked into the Grandmaster of Heaven's eyes, she could not help but shiver. At that time, her master did not look like a human at all, but a disgusting treacherous creature.
The battle on the Aquarius Platform had been won, but when she thought of her master's face, she thought of the death of the Goddess of Golden Spirit and felt even more uneasy.
She did not expect that the moment she mentioned it, her Eldest Senior Brother would scold her sternly. Seeing little Shimei's aggrieved appearance, Daoist Duobao, as the eldest Shixiong, felt his heart soften. He then advised, "Master also has Master's troubles. Many things are not as easy as they seem on the surface. How can our Wu Kong Clan compare to
The Essence Spirit Civilization Battle? Master alone, do you think it's possible? "
The outside world saw the Grandmaster of Heaven single-handedly carrying the Wu Kong Clan and fighting against the Elemental Spirit civilization, but very few knew the truth. Even the Three Xiao Fairies did not know the truth.
Bi Xiao pursed her lips and calmed her emotions. She said softly, "I know. No matter what Master becomes, he will always be my master …"
"Splash!"
Daoist Duobao pushed the corpse of a Skinned Giant into the Divine River. Layers of ripples appeared on the surface of the river. He then said with a smile, "Yes, we should not doubt Master."
The Wu Kong Clan had elites from all races. Among them, there were only nine humans, including the Grandmaster of Heaven. They had always been very close.
Under the huge aquarius, there were four red spheres floating.
Inside these red spheres floated powerhouses of all shapes and sizes. These were all powerhouses of other races who believed in the Path of Void. Some were directly the leaders of the Nirvana races.
They held the belief of the Path of Void and wanted to destroy everything within their power. Therefore, they chose to follow the Grandmaster of Heaven.
These four were You Gou of the Moxibustion Clan, Tian Sha of the Tiana Clan, Pan Shen of the Napan Clan, and Fish Spirit King of the Ghost Realm Clan.
Just now, the four powerhouses of other races in the red spheres each used their supernatural powers to try to open this aquarius. However, they spent a lot of effort. The huge aquarius remained motionless. Only a simple Sanskrit word appeared on the body of the aquarius: "Seal." Surrounding this "Seal" word, there were also dense patterns that extended to the entire body of the aquarius.
。
Of course, they knew that the aquarius was so sturdy because of this "Seal" word. However, no one present could break it.
"What exactly is in the aquarius that the Elemental Spirit civilization is protecting it like this?" A rough voice came from one of the red spheres. It was You Gou.
"Other than the numerous Skinned Monsters, there are so many Foe Level Treacherous … The thing in this aquarius must be extraordinary," Pan Shen speculated.
"I didn't expect that after conquering the aquarius platform, this aquarius still can't be opened. How embarrassing …"
While the powerhouses of other races were discussing, the Grandmaster of Heaven stepped forward.
He was wearing a long golden robe. The end of the robe moved without wind, and he had a threatening majesty.
"Swoosh!"
He reached out to his waist and grabbed lightly. A black dagger appeared in his hand. This dagger was not made of gold, copper, or jade. It looked like the tooth of some kind of monster.
"Lord Grandmaster, this dagger is the tooth of those guys in the dark! How did you get it? "Tian Sha, who was the first on the left like a cat, asked.
The Grandmaster of Heaven did not answer him. He just leaped lightly and nailed the black dagger firmly on the Sanskrit word "Seal." The moment the dagger pierced the word, the patterns on the entire aquarius gourd released light at the same time.
The light dissipated. These patterns that were originally used to stabilize the aquarius became cracks on the aquarius …
At the same time, a faint yellow energy was emitted from the bottle. The powerhouses of other races present were even more shocked when they saw this energy.

Chapter 3619
These foreign race masters never thought that the energy in the bottle would be so weak.
"The aura of this energy is so weak …"
"It's the aura of the Divine Path. Could this be a type of Divine Path?"
"The aura of this energy is very unfamiliar. It doesn't belong to any of the 3,000 types of Divine Path, but it does seem like …"
The peak of Divine Path energy was only one Jun of strength. How could these Immortal Realm foreign race masters be interested in it?
These four foreign race masters had been in Shang Qing Heaven for a long time and were not well-informed about the news in Pingyi Heaven.
Also, the Prime of Tongtian had never revealed anything about the Evil God.
"This is indeed Divine Path energy," Tongtian said directly.
The four red balls rotated in unison. They exchanged glances and looked at each other.
They had spent so much to take down the Aquarius Platform just for a strand of Divine Path energy?
Was the Sect Leader sick? Most of them thought so.
However, Tongtian had always been a prophet and had led them to escape death many times. Logically speaking, he would not do something so boring.
"What's the use of Divine Path energy?" God Pan asked.
"God Pan, you're from the Nirvana Realm and have never been to the chaos. You Gou, tell him what's the use of Divine Path energy," Tongtian said.
The Napan Clan represented by God Pan was from the Nirvana Realm, but You Gou's Zhi Clan was the dominant civilization in the chaos.
You Gou was confused when he was suddenly called out. "God … Divine Path energy can allow living beings to cultivate to perfection and then break through to the Nirvana Realm and cultivate to the Nirvana Realm …"
After hearing You Gou's answer, God Pan, Tian Sha, and Fish Spirit King laughed.
A mere Nirvana Realm was not worth mentioning in their eyes.
Tongtian's face was a little green. He turned around and asked, "Your Zhi Clan doesn't cultivate Divine Path energy?"
"Divine Path energy? Isn't that a waste of time? " You Gou said. In You Gou's eyes, cultivating Divine Path energy was far less cost-effective than entering the Nirvana Realm. In fact, most Nirvana Realm beings still thought so.
The Prime of Tongtian had a helpless look on his face. He could only say, "The reason why the Dao-Fusion energy is not strong is because it has always been flawed. You have to know that the Six Great Truths were born from the Dao-Fusion energy, and the complete Dao-Fusion energy is very powerful."
Deity Pan, Fish Spirit King, and Tian Sha still looked confused. After all, they were Nirvana Realm creatures born in Pingyi Heaven. They had almost no chance to come into contact with the concept of "Divine Path".
You Gou's expression gradually became serious.
Wandering Dog hadn't cultivated Dao-Fusing energy back in the chaos, but his fallen brother had been obsessed with Dao-Fusing energy and had spent a considerable amount of time on it, but in the end, the results weren't good.
This brother had later told Wandering Dog that the essence of the Dao Fusion energy was heaven-defying, but it was extremely difficult to fuse the Dao Fusion energy. Most importantly, the energy was incomplete and flawed.
At that time, Wandering Dog didn't take this brother's words seriously, thinking that he had failed to cultivate the energy of the Dao and used this as an excuse to save some face.
The Prime of Tongtian's words reminded him of the past.
"A complete fusion of Dao-Fusing energy might be extremely terrifying …" the Wandering Dog said.
The Grandmaster of Tongtian smiled. "That's why I want to attack the Aquarius Platform."
Then, the Prime of Tongtian took out a small fish-mouth bottle and said to the light yellow energy floating in the air, "Collect!"
"Phew …"
The fish-mouth bottle released a suction force.
The light yellow energy floated quietly in the air. After being trapped in the bottle for so many chaos epochs, it even had a hint of spirituality and wanted to struggle out of the suction force.
However, it was simply too weak. It was sucked into the fish-mouth bottle without any room for resistance.
At that moment, everyone suddenly heard a cat's cry.
"Meow …"
The cat's cry was very faint, like the cry of a newborn kitten.
The sound came from very far away, but it drilled clearly into the depths of everyone's ears.
"Why is there a cat …" Bixiao asked.
She had just thrown the corpse of a skinned giant into the divine river, but the giant's corpse couldn't cover the cat's cry.
Daoist Duobao was far more sensitive than Bixiao. He spread out his divine sense and covered the entire Clear Sky Platform, then turned and faced north.
The Prime of Tongtian took out a wooden bottle stopper from his waist. This piece of wood was carved with elegant runes. After using the wooden stopper to plug the mouth of the fish-mouth bottle, he lightly tapped the runes with his fingertips.
"Buzz …"
The runes on the bottle stopper flickered, and the fish-mouth bottle was firmly sealed.
At that moment, the Prime of Tongtian raised his head and smiled at the void. "Let me ask you a question."
He shook the fish-mouth bottle in his hand. This fish-mouth bottle had a special characteristic. It would change color according to the color of the item inside. The originally elegant white porcelain bottle instantly turned yellow.
"Since this divine dao energy was extracted, why didn't you just destroy it?" the Prime of Tongtian asked.
"Meow …"
The cat's cry sounded again.
"There can only be one truth." The Prime of Tongtian asked and answered his own question. "The energy of the entire chaos is indispensable. If you destroy this divine dao energy, it should be produced elsewhere in the chaos. Is my guess correct?"
"Meow …"
The cat's cry grew louder and clearer.
This sound seemed to contain a terrifying magic. When the sound reached the end, everyone who heard this sound felt as if their ears were being clawed by a cat, transmitting a tearing pain.
"Ah!"
Bixiao screamed and covered her ears, her face full of pain.
When the Daoist of Many Treasures saw this, he flipped his hand and a small golden bell appeared.
The Daoist of Many Treasures loved to collect treasures and carried thousands of them with him at all times.
He gently tossed the small bell, which turned into a large golden bell and trapped him and his junior sister Bixiao inside. At the same time, it constantly let out a long bell sound. Under the interference of the bell sound, the two's pain was greatly reduced.
In the face of the increasingly shrill cry, Pan Shen, Fish Spirit King, and the other foreign race experts all used their own methods to protect their ears.
Only the Prime of Tongtian stood motionless in place, looking straight north.
From the outside of the Aquarius Platform, a huge cat's head slowly drilled out. Above this cat's head was a white sphere, which was filled with eyeballs. These eyeballs were not illusory images, but real eyes. Behind each eyeball were intricately connected by blood vessels, like grapes.
This was the leader of the Yuan Ling civilization, Mu Ling.
Then, Mu Ling's voice sounded from its body.
"You think you can leave after taking something you shouldn't have?"
"Shouldn't the Aquarius Platform be a trap, just like how I trapped those humans back then?"
"Do you like this result?"
After Mu Ling said these words, Pan Shen, Fish Spirit King, Tian Sha, and Wandering Dog's expressions suddenly changed. Only the Prime of Tongtian's expression was normal.

Chapter 3620
The Aquarius Platform had always been an important place guarded by the Yuan Ling civilization. It was guarded by the Yue Fu.
For a long time, the Wu Kong Clan had never had any ideas about the Aquarius Platform.
Tongtian led them in and cleared out the Yue Fu along the way. It was indeed unbelievably smooth. It did look like a trap.
However, Tongtian sneered and said, "I've been planning for so long before I lured the Bu Le Ghoul out and killed it. It turns out that the Bu Le Ghoul is only a bait in your eyes? Then this is bait too? Are you willing to do that? "
Tongtian shook the pale yellow fish-beaked bottle at Mu Ling.
Just as Tongtian shook the fish-beaked bottle, one of the eyes on Mu Ling's body suddenly opened wide and glared at the fish-beaked bottle.
"Cha!"
Tongtian's arm and the fish-beaked bottle were cut by the eye's gaze. The severed arm and the fish-beaked bottle disappeared instantly and then reappeared beside Mu Ling!
"Lord Sect Leader …" Pan Shen frowned.
The other three foreign race experts also looked surprised.
Tongtian could not be so careless, but looking at his bloody arm, they were still a little worried.
But in the next moment, the arm and the fish-beaked bottle that appeared beside Mu Ling suddenly exploded with a pop, turning into a cloud of red and green smoke.
The Prime of Tongtian smiled and took out a piece of white silk cloth to cover his broken arm. When he removed the silk cloth, his broken arm had already recovered, and the fish-beak bottle was still in his hand. He continued to wave the fish-beak bottle at Mu Ling. "Let's do a magic trick."
All the eyeballs in Mu Ling's body blinked. The eyeballs' calm gaze revealed a trace of disgust. "Not only can you not take away this Divine Path energy, you can't leave yourself either!"
"Meow …"
The big cat below Mu Ling climbed up. The fur on its body stood on end, emitting a disgusting aura. This was a Resentment Level Creepy, and it was an abnormally powerful type of Resentment Level Creepy.
The disgusting aura almost turned into a black wave that was visible to the naked eye.
Daoist Duobao's treasure bell was also a powerful defensive magic treasure. But under the corrosion of the black wave, the surface of the golden bell was instantly corroded and holes the size of a thumb appeared. Bixiao was about to collapse under the pressure of the black wave.
"Duobao, take Bixiao and leave," Tongtian ordered.
"Yes, Master!" Daoist Duobao cupped his hands obediently and asked, "Master, can I stay and fight …"
Tongtian gave Daoist of Many Treasures a cold look, and Daoist of Many Treasures stopped talking nonsense.
As he put away the golden bell, a silver cloth appeared in his hand. He wrapped himself and Bi Xiao in the silver cloth and quickly flew to the other side of the platform.
As the eldest disciple, he knew why his master had suddenly become so powerful.
When it came to a battle at the level of Shifu, Master was no longer Master. At that time, Master had become a Shifu. It could also be said that he was half human and half Shifu.
In the past, Daoist Duobao also wanted to obtain this power.
Therefore, Daoist Duobao and Zhao Gongming made many requests to their master.
After all, wandering in the Three Pure Heavens, one often had to face treacherous situations.
Regardless of whether they were strong or weak, the only thing they could do when they encountered them was to run away. It could be said that they were unable to move an inch.
In the beginning, the Tongtian Sect Leader had rejected them outright. He had only given each of his disciples a strange stone. The light of destruction contained within the stone could kill the Treacherous Ones.
Each of the eight personal disciples had one.
Although the stone was only the size of a soybean, the light of destruction contained within it had a miraculous effect on the Treacherous Ones.
Even the weakest three sisters, Bi Xiao, Qiong Xiao, and Yun Xiao, could kill the Treacherous Ones.
Whoosh …
After Daoist Duobao and Bi Xiao rushed for a distance, a mound appeared on the flat ground in front of them. It was like a lonely tomb without a monument.
Seeing this lonely tomb, Daoist Duobao pulled the silver cloth and released Bi Xiao from it.
Although Bi Xiao was the youngest disciple of the Tongtian Sect Leader, she was definitely not a timid person. The aura emitted by this mound was disgusting. There was most likely a Shifu hidden inside.
Whoosh!
She turned around and pulled out a sword from her waist.
The stone that her master had given her was embedded in this sword.
Usually, Bi Xiao would not use this sword to defend against enemies. However, when she encountered Shifu, she would naturally use it.
Buzz!
She raised the sword horizontally. The stone on the hilt of the sword surged out with the light of destruction. Silver light had already surrounded the sword blade and cleansed it.
A long rod appeared on Daoist Duobao's shoulder. The stone was embedded in the center of the long rod. The light of destruction it released rotated towards the two ends of the long rod.
The things in the mound seemed to have sensed the opponents outside. With a whoosh, treacherous mountain monkey-like creatures emerged from it like a fountain. These mountain monkeys were all Shifu of the enemy level.
They were relatively weak among the Shifu level, but there were many of them!
Squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak …
Seeing the mountain monkeys rushing over, Bi Xiao's eyes flashed. The sword blade jumped around her like a jumping rabbit. The light of destruction slashed into the bodies of the mountain monkeys, completely destroying their forms.
Daoist Duobao's long rod was like a heavenly dragon patrolling the sea. It swept around and turned into thousands of white rod shadows, smashing the mountain monkeys into pieces.
With their efficient methods, they wiped out the mountain monkeys in the mound as if they were slaughtering them.
No more mountain monkeys jumped out of the mound …
"Gone!"
"Let's go …"
Boom!
At that moment, a violent boom came from the Aquarius Platform, attracting the attention of the two disciples.
They turned around at the same time and saw that the Grandmaster of Heaven's body had expanded many times. There was a faint shadow on his arm. That shadow would occasionally disappear into his arm and appear again.
"Master's hand. Eldest Senior Brother, look. His hand …" Bi Xiao pointed at the Grandmaster of Heaven's huge body.
Daoist Duobao glanced at her indifferently. "It's none of our business. Let's go!"
With that said, he dragged Bi Xiao and continued running forward. However, after a few steps, three more small mounds appeared!
Treacherous mountain monkeys appeared from the two mounds on both sides. Three pitch-black aliens emerged from the mound in the middle. The three aliens were similar in size to humans, but their hands and feet were replaced by two pairs of bone blades.
They were the Daoluo Clan that followed the Elemental Spirit civilization. They were not weak.
Bi Xiao's weak eyes focused slightly. The Light of Destruction on her sword began to flow again. "Eldest Senior Brother, take care of the three Daoluo Clan members. I'll take care of Treacherous …"
Although the three Daoluo Clan members were strong, they were definitely not her eldest senior brother's match.
After all these years of cultivation, Daoist Duobao's strength was not much different from her master's. She was very confident in her eldest senior brother.
However, just as Bi Xiao finished speaking, the three Daoluo Clan members charged over.
"Be careful!"
Daoist Duobao clearly sensed something. He pulled Bi Xiao back and retreated. At the same time, an umbrella appeared in his hand.
Heavenly Pure Umbrella!
This umbrella had terrifying defensive power after it was opened. It was extremely difficult to break through. It was also one of Daoist Duobao's strongest defensive Dharma treasures.
However, Bi Xiao heard rustling sounds. This defensive Dharma treasure was cut open like paper by the three Daoluo Clan members. At the same time, half of her eldest senior brother's shoulder was cut open!
Boiling blood splattered onto Bi Xiao's face. She discovered in horror that these were not ordinary Daoluo Clan members. The eyes of these Daoluo Clan members were exactly the same as her master's when he went crazy.

Chapter 3621
Blood spurted out from Daoist Duobao's right chest as if it was raining blood. His entire arm was torn apart, revealing a terrifying wound.
"Eldest Senior Brother …" Bi Xiao's voice trembled. She did not expect the three of them to be so powerful. "Quickly heal your injuries. I-I'll protect you!"
As she spoke, she pulled out her second sword.
The first sword was used to deal with Treachery. The second sword was her intrinsic Dharma treasure.
Even though she was determined to fight to the death, she still felt despair.
At that moment, Daoist Duobao said calmly, "Don't move."
"What?" Bi Xiao asked in confusion.
"Retreat, retreat behind me. Hurry!" Daoist Duobao ordered loudly.
Bi Xiao did not know why her eldest senior brother was like that, but when she saw Daoist Duobao's ferocious face, she still hid behind him.
Then, Daoist Duobao reached out and flipped his hand gently. Three items appeared in his hand.
A green paper talisman, a yellow paper talisman, and a transparent glass mirror.
Swoosh!
Daoist Duobao threw out the yellow paper talisman at his feet at an extremely fast speed. After the paper talisman spread out, butterfly-shaped shields spread out from it.
Whoosh … Whoosh … Whoosh …
These shields enveloped him and Bi Xiao tightly.
Clang! Clang! Clang!
The three Daoist Duobao clansmen attacked again.
Their speed and strength were terrifyingly strong!
The Heavenly Pure Umbrella could not block their full-strength attack, but the dense shields blocked it and bought Daoist Duobao a few breaths of time.
This "Shield Talisman" was Daoist Duobao's life-saving item. He had more than a thousand treasures on him, and the value of this Shield Talisman was ranked in the top three. Using it like that made him feel the pinch.
Then, Daoist Duobao stuck the green paper talisman on his wound. With a flash of green light, the wound healed at a visible speed, and his torn arm grew back.
His wound had healed, but the powerful enemy in front of him was still there …
Daoist Duobao did not panic. Instead, he raised the glass mirror in his hand. The glass mirror was divided into two layers. There was a strange thing in the transparent mirror. It looked like a strange-shaped living being had been flattened and made into a specimen.
"Master doesn't want me to tell you," Daoist Duobao said.
"Tell me what?" Bi Xiao asked.
"Crack!"
Daoist Duobao broke the glass mirror, and something that looked like a specimen came out.
It looked like a blob of liquid, but it quickly returned to its original shape. It was Shift!
"Many things in this world are controlled by treachery." Daoist Duobao opened his mouth. Then, treachery entered his eyes, ears, mouth, and nose. A faint shadow appeared on the surface of Daoist Duobao's body.
A pair of milky-white claws slowly grew out of his arm. The three claws were as sharp as sickles, while a chain slowly extended from his other hand.
"The power of treachery is the most powerful force." Daoist Duobao's expression was a little sad. "However, we will become its slaves sooner or later!"
This was what their master had said to them when he handed Shift over to them.
At this moment, Daoist Duobao suddenly raised his right hand, and the chain drew an arc in the air. Under the pull of the chain, the sickle claw on his other hand swung out a huge circle!
"Swish —"
The three Daoluo tribesmen reacted extremely quickly as well. They quickly retreated, and at the same time, the mountain monkeys surrounded them.
However, Daoist Duobao's speed at that moment left Bi Xiao dumbfounded.
She only felt the figure in front of her sway slightly, and then the huge sickle claw spun at an unbelievable speed, drawing a few irregular arcs in the air. These arcs accurately knocked away the mountain monkeys, and at the same time, caught up to the three Daoluo clansmen in different directions.
The terrifying arc accurately hit the Daoluo tribesmen.
"Pfft! Pfft! Pfft!"
The sickle claw cut them in half.
The treachery hidden in the three Daoluo tribesmen's bodies also drilled out of their bodies.
These three treachery were very similar to the mountain monkey treachery, but they were generally one size larger.
"Whoosh —"
When Daoist Duobao returned to Bi Xiao's side, the sickle claw and chain quickly retracted into his body. At the same time, Daoist Duobao took out the long rod with the Light of Destruction again and said to Bi Xiao, "You can attack now!"
Bi Xiao watched everything in shock. After Eldest Senior Brother reminded her, she brandished her sword and rushed towards the mountain monkeys.
The mountain monkeys couldn't withstand the Light of Destruction at all. They were cleaned up in no time.
Even the three treachery that drilled out of the Daoluo tribesmen's bodies were also defeated by the Light of Destruction.
Bi Xiao, who had escaped death, stared at Daoist Duobao. "Eldest Senior Brother, where did the treachery in your hands come from …"
Daoist Duobao's mouth moved. He didn't intend to hide it and told Bi Xiao everything he knew.
In Supreme Clear Heaven, treachery was undoubtedly the most terrifying existence.
However, the Wu Kong Clan and Elemental Spirit Civilization both knew that the Light of Destruction was treachery's fatal weakness. The easiest way for treachery to avoid the threat of the Light of Destruction was to sneak into a living being's body!
Just like Tian Chuan, who possessed Luo Zheng's body, could use the Light of Destruction to deal with other treachery.
However, Luo Zheng was passively possessed …
Daoist Duobao took the initiative to possess a body. He used treachery as his weapon.
Although Zhao Gongming had asked for the Light of Destruction from his master a few years ago, he was still not satisfied.
The Light of Destruction could deal with ordinary treachery, but it might not be effective against truly powerful treachery.
Moreover, it would be even more difficult to deal with an expert possessed by a treachery.
"Won't one become a walking corpse if possessed by a treachery …" Bi Xiao shook her head.
However, Daoist Duobao smiled and said, "Not every kind of treacherous creature will seize the control of the body after possessing it. Some treacherous creatures are 'good' creatures. Their obsession is to help some specific targets. If you encounter these good creatures, they can become your most powerful weapons!"
As Daoist Duobao spoke, he took out two glass lenses. The treachery that possessed his body came out of Daoist Duobao's eyes, ears, mouth, and nose, and returned to the glass lenses.
At this moment, Bi Xiao could distinguish the treachery's form through the glass lenses. She could distinguish the "sickle claw" and "chain" that eldest senior brother had just used.
"Using treachery as a weapon …" Bi Xiao seemed to have heard a fantasy story.
What made Bi Xiao even more depressed was that her master hid it from the three sisters, and so did her senior brothers.
"Why did you hide it from me?" Bi Xiao asked unwillingly.
"Not only did we hide it from you, but Master also hid it from us in the beginning." Daoist Duobao shook his head and said, "It was also Zhao Gongming who killed a follower of the Elemental Spirit civilization and learned this' secret 'from that follower. Then, Zhao Gongming rushed to find Master to' denounce him '."
In the eyes of outsiders, the Grandmaster of Heaven was known for being iron-blooded and bloodthirsty. However, he treated his personal disciples very well. He could not stand Zhao Gongming's coaxing and pestering. In the end, he listened to Zhao Gongming …
"Master doesn't want us to become stronger?" Bi Xiao looked confused.
"Of course not." Daoist Duobao's gaze became deep. "It's just that a good seed might not be a true good seed. After controlling it for a long time, we will also lose ourselves. This is also a way for the good seeds to awaken. Therefore, Master would rather pass this method to God Pan, the wandering dog, and the others than to us."

Chapter 3622
Most of the Mutated Races and Immortal Realm cultivators paled at the mention of Eerie. Sui Meng.
.
com
Most of these people had only seen slaughtering species and possessing species. These were the two most common types of Eerie.
In fact, Eerie had different obsessions and personalities. Some Eerie were kind and willing to help others. This type of Eerie was collectively known as the Good Breed.
The Good Breed could be further divided. Some Good Breeds acted according to their own style and helped others. Some Good Breeds trusted others unconditionally and were willing to do anything for others, allowing others to command them.
The Good Breeds that could be used as weapons were the latter type.
The Eerie in Daoist Duobao's glass piece was called the Three Sickle Claw Beast. It was also an Enemy Level Eerie with extremely strong attack power.
When his master handed the Three Sickle Claw Beast to Daoist Duobao, he only let him practice a few times before sealing it in the glass piece. At the same time, he warned Daoist Duobao not to use it unless it was absolutely necessary.
This time, the Light of Destruction couldn't restrain the possessing species. He could only use the Three Sickle Claw Beast to deal with the three Daoluo Race members.
Just as Daoist Duobao finished explaining to his junior sister, another ear-piercing scraping sound came from behind them.
"Cha —"
A giant cat formed by countless eyeballs appeared on the Clear Sky Platform!
The giant cat seemed to have been hit by something. Under the extremely strong inertia, it was about to charge into the space outside the Clear Sky Platform.
It was safe to be a few hundred feet away from the Clear Sky Platform. However, once it went further, any matter and energy would be devoured.
The giant cat used its claws to nail the ground, leaving deep and long scratches, trying to slow down its retreat.
"Hehe …"
On the other side, Tongtian's huge figure suddenly flashed. Using his palm as a knife, he chopped down from the sky.
The giant cat flipped over and raised its paw, blocking Tongtian's palm knife.
Just as it blocked Tongtian's palm, a white translucent giant saber suddenly emerged from Tongtian's body. This giant saber was also formed by Eerie. It slashed at the giant cat.
Pfft!
The giant eyeball cat was directly cut into two halves. After the transparent giant sword cut the giant eyeball cat, it slammed to the side, and the lower half of the giant eyeball cat's body was forcefully pushed aside.
The giant eyeball cat was formed by the Mu Spirit, and the cat was hidden in the Mu Spirit's body.
Although the Tongtian Sect Leader's saber had cut through Mu Ling's body, the cat's body inside was not that easy to cut through. However, because of this, half of its body was exposed.
"You dog!" Tongtian shouted.
The wandering dog had been waiting at the side for a long time. Before the Grandmaster of Heaven gave the order, he had already moved. The wandering dog suddenly leaped up, holding two "lightning" in his hands. It was the shape of lightning condensed from the light of destruction.
"Whoosh!"
The wandering dog did not hesitate to throw down two bolts of lightning.
At the same time, the Prime of Tongtian's other hand was like a burning iron. When the two lightning arrows hit the cat's body, he slapped it down.
This cat was at the Resentment Level.
The Resentment Level was even more powerful. Ordinary Resentment Level Furies would die if they touched the light of destruction, but the Resentment Level Furies were even more powerful.
The light of destruction only made them extremely weak. If one wanted to kill them, they still needed to be supplemented by lightning.
Just as the lightning arrow was about to hit the cat's lower body, a blue figure flew over from not far away. That blue figure was actually the Holy Winged Armor!
After the six wings spread out, the Holy Winged Armor's speed was extremely fast. It blocked the lightning arrow before it hit the cat.
"Boom! Boom! "
The light of destruction hit the Holy Winged Armor's chest, but the Holy Winged Armor did not move at all.
At the same time, the Prime of Tongtian's burning red palm slapped down. The Holy Winged Armor flipped its hand and met the Prime of Tongtian's palm.
The Holy Winged Armor had the upper hand in terms of strength, and it sent the Prime of Tongtian flying high into the sky.
The Prime of Tongtian flipped in the air and swooped down with a cold face. At the same time, he grabbed a white saber that was six or seven times longer than his body. This saber was still formed by the Resentment Level Furies in his body.
It slashed down on his head!
The might of this saber contained the Prime of Tongtian's ultimate technique. At the same time, it also contained the divine power of the Resentment Level Furies in his body!
"Hum!"
The Holy Winged Armor's eyes suddenly lit up as bright as day. A massive amount of light of destruction surged out.
The saber formed by the Resentment Level Furies could be said to be indestructible. However, when it was hit by the light of destruction, it quickly became distorted and soft. It was like an octopus's tentacle that was struggling in pain.
The Prime of Tongtian knew that something was wrong. He turned around and retreated to the other side. However, his diving momentum was too strong. He could not stop for a moment. One end of the white saber was caught by the Holy Winged Armor!
When the Resentment Level Furies' bodies were hit by the light of destruction, their bodies would become weak.
The Holy Winged Armor pulled hard and tore the soft 'saber' apart. Following that, the Holy Winged Armor's hands suffused blue light. A terrifying electric current kept swimming around the 'saber'.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
This section of the white saber was directly destroyed!
The saber was a part of the Resentment Level Furies in the Prime of Tongtian's body. When this Resentment Level Furies' body collapsed, it rolled wildly in the Prime of Tongtian's body in pain.
The Prime of Tongtian was in great pain. He spat out a large mouthful of blood with a flushed face and retreated wildly to the side.
"Hahahahaha, I'm really strong …" Claire let out a series of wild laughter from the Holy Winged Armor.
After hearing Claire's voice, Eye Spirit was obviously stunned for a moment. She said coldly, "Go after her!"
The divine energy was still in the hands of the Prime of Tongtian. If he really took it away, it would be troublesome.
Eye Spirit thought that the person in the Holy Winged Armor would be Jie Yan. She didn't expect it to be Claire.
In Eye Spirit's eyes, Claire was a relatively special one among the many Spirit Elements. Her talent and ability should be above Thunder Fiend's and comparable to Fire, but this guy was too conceited.
Therefore, Eye Spirit locked Claire in the Holy Winged Armor and became a member of "Jie Yan".
Unexpectedly, not long after she sent "Jie Yan" out, this guy took control of the Holy Winged Armor …
At this critical moment, it was not the time to hold Claire accountable. Eye Spirit could only suppress her displeasure. After repairing her body, she also chased after the Prime of Tongtian.
"Let's get out of here!"
As the Prime of Tongtian fled, he also said to Wandering Dog, God Pan, and other subordinates.
The Aquarius Platform was not a place to stay for a long time. The Prime of Tongtian wanted to take down Eye Spirit in one go. Since the operation failed, he naturally left without hesitation.
How could Eye Spirit not understand the Prime of Tongtian's thoughts?
It only needed to hold on until the Black Mansion and the Black Mansion arrived, and then it could easily eliminate these guys.
Although it couldn't kill the Prime of Tongtian, it was not bad to severely injure one of this guy's bodies. More importantly, that divine energy must be left in the Aquarius Platform!
"Whoosh –"
Just as the Prime of Tongtian and the others fled towards the side of the Aquarius Platform, a huge wall of fire suddenly appeared in front of them.

Chapter 3623
Inside the wall of fire, a body that was almost perfect from head to toe slowly appeared. It was Ah Huo.
At the same time Ah Huo appeared, a white dragon rolled and swam in the wall of fire at an incredible speed.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
The white dragon swam a few rounds at a speed that defied common sense, then quickly entered Ah Huo's body.
This white dragon was also a Resentment Level monster, and was known for its speed.
When the white dragon combined with Ah Huo's terrifying destructive power, her strength was not as simple as just doubling.
"I don't understand how you found out that the Aquarius Platform had two paths, but this side …" Ah Huo made a gesture of refusal, "is forbidden."
The Holy Winged Armor and Mu Ling, who had turned into an eyeball cat, also rushed over.
Although the Yuan Ling civilization had fewer people, it did not mean they were at a disadvantage.
Besides, if they delayed until the Black Manor and the Black Manor arrived, the Yuan Ling civilization would definitely win.
This situation was no doubt a hopeless situation for the five people of the Wu Kong Clan, but whether it was Tongtian himself, the wandering dog, or Pan Shen, they did not show any signs of panic.
"Hand over the power of the Divine Path, and I can leave your corpses intact," Mu Ling's voice transmitted. The eyeballs on the giant cat kept blinking, the gaze in these eyeballs was very calm.
Mu Ling and Tongtian had been fighting for more than a day or two.
Once, Mu Ling had suffered a great loss from Tongtian, and then she had won back a little. This time, she was determined to deal a heavy blow to the Wu Kong Clan.
Tongtian, you could still be resurrected, but the experts of the other races who followed you could not be resurrected, right?
If they won this battle, it would be a great blow to the other races who followed the Wu Kong Clan.
"Haha …" The wandering dog laughed.
"Hahaha …"
"Haha …"
Pan Shen and the others let out a burst of unbridled laughter. It was the laughter of playing with the other party.
Then, the figures of the wandering dog, Pan Shen, and the others became dimmer and dimmer, becoming illusions that were both real and illusory.
And Tongtian's body began to curl up, turning into a white thing. It was a strange thing that looked like a starfish, and its star-shaped tentacles shone with illusory colors.
Then, the group of people disappeared …
"Fantasy Star!"
Ah Huo spat out these two words from the corner of her mouth, her brows knitted together.
After transforming into a human, she had constantly adjusted her appearance. Now, her appearance had reached perfection. Even her frown and smile were captivating.
"Master Mu Ling, your thousand eyes didn't see through the illusion of the Fantasy Star?" Inside the Holy Winged Armor, Ah Ci asked.
There was a hint of blame in its question.
As soon as he said that, all the eyeballs on the giant cat turned to stare at the Holy Winged Armor. That was the gaze of the Eye Spirit.
Fire also glanced at Claire faintly and didn't speak.
Even hidden in the Holy Wing Armor, Claire felt a bone-chilling chill. She had no doubt that Eye Spirit would kill her at this moment.
After a long while …
Mu Lingcai said coldly, "Your control of the Sacred Winged Armour is not bad. In the future, this armour will be controlled by you alone."
"Yes, Lady Eye Spirit!" Claire replied excitedly.
…
Amidst the billions of pagodas.
Under the guidance of Heavenly Lord Yuanshi, Luo Zheng returned to the northwest and found the first copper-cast pagoda mountain.
Previously, Tian Chuan controlled Luo Zheng to smash this pagoda mountain. The green soil on the surface of the pagoda mountain was shaken away, exposing the red copper disc inside.
Luo Zheng came to the back of the copper-cast pagoda mountain and punched directly at the red copper disc.
"Boom!"
"Crack crack crack crack …"
The first pagoda mountain began to tilt.
Luo Zheng punched several more times in a row until the pagoda mountain was completely knocked down. Then he moved on to the second pagoda mountain.
The second and third pagoda mountains were the same. They were all knocked down by "Luo Zheng".
But the fourth pagoda mountain began to change.
When Tian Chuan saw the route Luo Zheng chose, he was a little surprised at first. Luo Zheng explained to Tian Chuan, but Tian Chuan didn't say much.
In fact, as the creator of the world, Tian Chuan was very clear about the thousands of changes in the hundreds of millions of pagoda mountains.
Since Luo Zheng knew the path he wanted to open, he let Luo Zheng open it himself.
Not long after, Luo Zheng pushed down the last copper-cast pagoda mountain according to Heavenly Lord Yuanshi's instructions. Accompanied by the sound of machinery, the ground began to rumble continuously, all the way to the distance.
"It's really open!" Nuwa's eyes had a trace of joy.
"Where's the entrance?" Fuxi asked.
"Directly north, behind the hundreds of millions of pagoda mountains. There's a small wasteland there. There's an underground cave under the wasteland," Luo Zheng said, pointing ahead.
Luo Zheng naturally hadn't been to the underground cave. Such precise coordinates were provided by Heavenly Lord Yuanshi.
"Then let's go!" Fuxi said.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
They didn't stay for too long and flew towards the north of the hundreds of millions of pagoda mountains.
Just as Luo Zheng said, the north of the hundreds of millions of pagoda mountains was a desolate wasteland. At a glance, it was a land covered in rubble. After entering ten miles, fifty miles, and even a hundred miles, the scenery didn't change at all.
After traveling two hundred miles, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped. He flew towards the west for three to four miles and then landed on the ground.
Nuwa, Fuxi, and the other Immortal realm experts rushed over. They also saw something strange.
A crack faintly extended from the hundreds of thousands of pagoda mountains. It was like a gray line of a grass snake, appearing and disappearing.
However, when it reached Luo Zheng's feet, it formed a circular crack.
"Is it here?" Nuwa asked.
"We'll know once we try!"
Luo Zheng nodded. He raised his fist and punched the ground.
"Boom!"
The ground shattered and collapsed.
A huge hollow cave appeared below.
Luo Zheng stood at the bottom of the cave and saw a huge cave on one side. Heavenly Lord Yuanshi's excited voice came from his inner world. "Found it! This is the underground cave from before! It's still here! "
Luo Zheng looked up and shouted, "Everyone, you can come down now. This is the underground cave!"
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Everyone descended to the bottom of the cave. At the same time, Nuwa asked, "Luo Zheng, you have the Human Civilization's Weapon of Civilization. If those human original bodies are in the underground cave, you should be able to communicate with them or sense their location, right?"
Luo Zheng immediately reacted after Nuwa's reminder.
Previously, Luo Zheng had sensed the Wing Monarch's location through the Green Jade Civilization's Weapon of Civilization. If those human original bodies were in the underground cave, they should be able to sense it.
"Senior Heavenly Lord Yuanshi …" Luo Zheng had just opened his mouth.
"No," Heavenly Lord Yuanshi quickly replied. "I've just tried using the Weapon of Civilization …"
Heavenly Lord Yuanshi's soul controlled the Weapon of Civilization. Of course, he knew better than Luo Zheng.
In fact, when he flew to this area, Heavenly Lord Yuanshi had tried to communicate with the original bodies. However, there was no response from the underground cave.
"It's been too long. Some things are bound to change …" Luo Zheng said.
Heavenly Lord Yuanshi also nodded. "They might have found a way to go to Jade Clear Heaven in the underground cave."
After Luo Zheng explained the situation of the Weapon of Civilization to Nuwa and the others, they set off into the depths of the underground cave.
The space inside the underground cave was not small. It was supported by natural stone pillars. When they had just moved forward for a while, a series of stone rolling sounds came from both sides of the cave.

Chapter 3624
"Clang, clang, clang, clang …"
The rocks in the underground kiln were smooth and solid, and the sound of the rocks hitting each other when they rolled out was particularly crisp.
Some of these rocks were cuboids, while others were spheres. Their surfaces were covered in dense runes, and they were clearly not natural objects.
"What are these?" Blood Lion frowned and asked.
Blood Crow frowned and said, "These rocks seem to be transformed from Genryū's earth spirits …"
Genryū's earth spirits could transform into extremely solid rocks, and the aura of earth spirits was vastly different from that of ordinary rocks.
"Why did they transform into these rocks and stone balls?" Donghuang asked in confusion.
Genryū had once trapped the original human body in the underground kiln, so it was possible that they had sent people to guard this place. But why did they throw a bunch of rocks here?
"Look!" Nuwa pointed not far away and said.
Not far away from the mountain walls, balls of white things drilled out.
Judging from their aura and form, they were Shift!
"It's Shift!"
"Everyone, be careful!"
"Should we use the Light of Destruction?"
After entering Shang Qing Sky, they had been tormented by Shift, and were instinctively wary of it.
But judging from the aura it released, it should only be an enemy level Shift. As for what kind it was, it was impossible to determine.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
A total of three balls of Shift drilled out of the mountain walls. It was unknown what their original form was, but when they squeezed out of the mountain walls, they flowed like flowing water and quickly drilled into the stone balls and stones.
After Shift drilled into the stone balls, it began to pull the other stones together. After a while, the scattered stone balls and stone pillars combined to form three stone men.
At this time, Luo Zheng and the others suddenly understood.
"These enemy level Shifts are extremely afraid of the Light of Destruction, so the elemental spirit civilization had the earth spirits create bodies for them …" Nuwa murmured.
Everyone's expression suddenly became serious.
They had already experienced Shift's terrifying power on the Clear Sky Platform, but they did not have a deep understanding of it. The elemental spirit civilization, on the other hand, seemed to be very familiar with Shift and would even tailor bodies for them!
"Then what do we do now? Squeak! "Heavenly Rat King asked.
"What else can we do? Of course we kill them with the Light of Destruction," Nuwa said coldly.
"I'm afraid they aren't afraid of the Light of Annihilation now. Squeak …" Heaven Winning Rat King was a little hesitant.
"Then let's break those stones and kill them," Luo Zheng shrugged and said to Tianchuan, "Senior Tianchuan, can you give me a hand?"
Tian Chuan nodded.
When he left the Clear Sky Platform, he also put on his own armor and took his own weapon.
With his Treacherous Body, he wouldn't be weak in battle.
More importantly, if he did not use Light of Annihilation, he would not die. Therefore, he had an unparalleled advantage against Shift, who had not awakened.
However, just as he took a step forward, his body froze on the spot. He said helplessly, "Looks like I can't help you …"
The three stone golems seemed to have sensed the aura of the Heavenly Transmission. A white light spot appeared on each of the round stones on their shoulders. Apparently, the Light of Destruction was being nurtured in them, ready to burst out at any time.
"The Elemental Spirit Civilization has really calculated everything!" Fuxi gritted his teeth and said.
Fuxi, Nuwa, and the others knew that the Elemental Spirit Civilization, as the overlord of the Nirvana Realm, had an unfathomable foundation. Only now did he feel the horror of this opponent.
"Step back, let me do it!" Blood Wolf took the initiative to step forward.
"Okay, you entangle the stone golems. I'll find a way to break their bodies," Luo Zheng said as he took the long spear in Tianchuan's hand. The surface of the long spear had a special treatment that could easily disperse the Light of Destruction to every part of the spear from the body to the tip.
As the Light of Destruction gushed out from the holy stone in Luo Zheng's palm, the twelve-foot-long long spear emitted a silver-white light.
Shift had an instinctive fear of the Light of Destruction. They immediately felt the threat of Luo Zheng.
"Buzz buzz buzz!"
The runes on the chests of the three stone golems began to flash red.
"Swish swish swish …"
Sharp stone spikes rapidly extended from their bodies. In the blink of an eye, these stone golems turned into stone hedgehogs.
"Dong dong dong …"
Immediately, they went straight to Luo Zheng.
Blood Wolf smiled. His body suddenly began to disappear from the top of his head, turning into countless silk threads that wrapped around the three stone golems.
The stone golems had just rolled for a distance when they were caught by the silk threads. Their speed immediately slowed down.
Luo Zheng took a step forward. His body flashed and he was already above one of the stone golems.
Shift's reaction was not slow. Seeing Luo Zheng flashing to the top, he suddenly jumped and slammed toward Luo Zheng with the stone spikes on his body.
Luo Zheng reacted quickly. He caught one of the stone spikes with one hand and retreated with the inertia of the stone golem.
"Squeak! Luo Zheng, watch your back! "Winning Sky Rat King reminded.
Behind Luo Zheng, another stone golem with spikes all over its body also slammed toward him.
Although the spider silk that Blood Wolf turned into slowed them down, their absolute speed was still not slow.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng suddenly grabbed the top of the spear and pressed the tip of the spear against the stone golem's body horizontally.
The moment the stone golem behind him rushed over, he jumped up. The two stone golems directly collided, and the horizontal spear was inserted into the stone golem on the left.
"Zi zi zi zi zi zi …"
Shift's body in the stone golem issued a series of strange screams.
Qiu Grade Shift was extremely afraid of the Light of Annihilation. When this spear pierced into the stone man's body, the Qiu Grade Shift inside naturally died.
"Whoosh!"
Luo Zheng flashed to the side of the stone golem and pulled out the spear. Taking advantage of the fact that the other stone golem had not yet climbed up, he jumped high and dived toward it.
"Ka!"
The spear was once again firmly nailed into the stone golem. With a burst of "zi zi" sound, the second stone golem was also nailed to death.
After dealing with these two stone golems, Luo Zheng cast his gaze to the other side of the underground cavern.
The third stone golem failed to trouble Luo Zheng.
When Luo Zheng and Blood Wolf faced the first two stone golems, Blood Crow and Blood Lion were entangled with the third stone golem. Nuwa and Fuxi also attacked one after another. Finally, the East Emperor used a golden sword to cut the stone golem in the middle. Fuxi then slapped the stone golem inside.
That slap contained a bright white light. It was the light of destruction.
"Pa!"
Shift was turned into ashes under this slap.
Fuxi looked at his palm, a trace of pride in his eyes.
Before, Shift was an existence that was completely unbeatable …
When he passed through the Wailing Path for the first time, the fear in his heart was still vivid.
But now with the light of destruction, he could easily kill it.

Chapter 3625
After the three Phantoms in the stone man's body were killed, the stones stopped moving.
Although these stones were made by the Earth Spirit, they were not the Earth Spirit itself. They were just a pile of dead objects.
Luo Zheng carefully cut these stones and dug out the sand-sized Holy Stones.
Although he did not know how many Holy Stones the Elemental Spirit civilization had, they were still rare for Luo Zheng. In case there were a lot of Phantoms, they would be of great use.
After dealing with these stones, they continued to move deeper into the cellar.
The path to the cellar was not complicated. They just followed the wide cave all the way down.
The deeper they went, the wider they got. There was a damp smell in front of them.
"I'm afraid there is an underground river or pool in the depths of the cellar," Donghuang judged.
Luo Zheng nodded and said, "The pool is at the end of the cellar. At that time, your original bodies were trapped beside the pool."
Hearing the word "original body," Donghuang paused for a moment and showed a strange expression.
Not long ago, he was rescued from the Divine River and knew that he had an original body. Naturally, he was not used to it.
Fuxi and Nuwa had already adapted and accepted the fact that they were created lives and others' clones.
Luo Zheng realized that he had said something wrong and hurriedly said, "I'm sorry, Lord Donghuang …"
"It's okay," Donghuang smiled slightly. "I'd like to see what my original body looks like!"
Not long after, a pool suddenly appeared in front of them.
The water in the pool was clear and transparent. They could see the bottom of the pool at a glance.
After arriving at the pool, Rat King Sheng Tian looked around. "Squeak, I don't see the heroes of the human race …"
"This is the end of the cellar. There seems to be no passage ahead," Nuwa also walked to the pool and looked around.
Luo Zheng circled around the pool and even released his Divine Sense to sweep the cave wall for a while, trying to find something like a hidden passage. The result was naturally disappointing.
Luo Zheng was mentally prepared when the Heavenly Lord of the Origin could not communicate with his original bodies through the Instrument of Civilization. But looking at the empty cellar, he could not help but feel disappointed.
"Could they have been taken away by the Elemental Spirit civilization?" Elder Ying frowned and asked.
"After being trapped for so long, they might have been cleaned up by the Elemental Spirit civilization," Blood Wolf said.
The Immortal Hunters had tried their best to hide in order to save the three of them. He found it hard to believe that anyone could survive in the cave.
Nuwa's eyes flickered. She was not so pessimistic. Instead, she said, "There is also a third possibility." As she spoke, she pointed upwards. "They went to Jade Clear Sky."
The path opened by the hundreds of millions of pagodas led to the Clear Sky Platform, and this underground cave was no exception.
Back then, human warriors stayed in the underground kiln, which meant they had enough time to find a way to ascend to the Jade Clear Sky.
Luo Zheng also nodded. He turned to Tianchuan and said, "Senior Tianchuan, do you know where the Clear Jade Sky is?"
As the creator, Tianchuan was very familiar with these passageways regardless of whether it was the hundreds of millions of pagodas or mountains. However, at this moment, he frowned and pondered for a while. "I know that this passageway leads to the Night Vision Island. That is an independent and huge Clear Sky Platform. However, this passageway was not set up by me. Let me think …"
Although Tianchuan was the creator of the world, he had participated in the creation of the Chaotic World. There were many details that he was not completely clear about.
Fortunately, Tianchuan was very familiar with his colleagues. He also had a general understanding of what the other creators would do. He walked to the pool and looked down. Then, he cupped a handful of water and observed it carefully. A smile appeared on his face.
He stood up and said to Luo Zheng, "Boil the water."
"Boil?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
This pool was not big. It was not difficult to boil it, but this request was too strange.
"Yes, you will know after boiling it," Tianchuan said.
Luo Zheng jumped into the pool according to Tianchuan's instructions. He wanted to stimulate the power of the Divine Path, but the Heavenly Lord of the Origin in his Inner World could not wait and directly asked Zhurong to do it.
Everyone only saw a red light flash in the pool. With a rumbling sound, the whole pool began to boil.
This was the result after Zhurong controlled it. If Zhurong went all out, he could vaporize the water in the pool in an instant.
When the water in the pool began to boil, a miraculous scene appeared.
A zigzag red path appeared in the originally clear and transparent pool. This path made many turns in the pool and extended to the bottom of the pool.
"Is that the entrance?" Blood Wolf, who had always been expressionless, was surprised.
"It should be," Nuwa nodded.
"Who would have thought that the entrance was hidden in the boiling water …" Fuxi was speechless.
In the past, the thirty-six heroes of the human race had been trapped here. They had probably tried everything they could think of. Perhaps, they had carelessly boiled the pool and discovered this passage.
After Luo Zheng saw the passage in the water, he surfaced and waved to everyone. Then, he swam along the red path in the water.
Tianchuan, Nuwa, Fuxi and others also jumped into the boiling water.
They swam all the way down to the bottom of the pool. Then, they saw a door formed by light. Luo Zheng was the first to enter, and the people behind him followed.
"Whoosh!"
After Luo Zheng entered the middle, he suddenly felt dizzy. He was swimming down, but now he was swimming upstream!
Above his head was a passageway leading upwards.
Luo Zheng and others were very familiar with this passage. When they went to the first Clear Sky Platform, they grabbed a fish hook and went up. Now, this passage was full of water. It seemed that they had to swim up.
The people present didn't communicate much. They waved their limbs and swam upward quickly. They thought that they could go to the Clear Sky Platform in this way. However, after swimming for a while, Luo Zheng came out of the water with a splash!
Luo Zheng looked around and his face darkened.
He didn't reach the Clear Sky Platform. This was the middle part of the passage!
"Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh … "
The others also floated to the surface of the water, looking at their surroundings with strange expressions.
"Are we still in the passage?" Rat King asked.
"See for yourself," Nuwa pointed to the top.
They were originally swimming in an upward passage, which should have led directly to the Clear Sky Platform.
Now the passage was broken in the middle. They were in the lower half, and there was a passage hanging in the distance above their heads.
Donghuang stared and said, "This passage seems to have been maliciously destroyed."
"Who destroyed it? Squeak …" Rat King said.
Nuwa floated on the water and looked up for a while. Then, she smiled and said, "Maybe we guessed right. Those original bodies of the human race should have gone to the Clear Sky Platform."
"Why do you think so?" Elder Ying asked.
"If those original bodies found this passage in the underground kiln to enter the Clear Sky Platform, they still wouldn't be safe. They would still face the pursuit of the Elemental Spirit civilization," Nuwa continued to speculate with a smile. "And to escape the pursuit of the Elemental Spirit civilization, breaking this passage is the best choice. This can effectively block the pursuers behind."

Chapter 3626
According to Tianchuan, this place called "Night Vision Island" was an independent Clear Sky Platform.
The Clear Sky Platforms couldn't be crossed. Once the passage was destroyed, the original bodies of the human race would be done once and for all.
Nuwa's judgment was very reasonable!
Luo Zheng and the Primeval Lord of Heaven in his inner world nodded subconsciously.
"The passage is broken, but can't we fly up?" Donghuang asked.
The passage hanging above wasn't unreachable. Everyone present could fly over easily.
"We'll know when we try!"
After saying that, Goddess Nvywa gently flicked her two fingers. A shadow of Goddess Nvywa stretched out from behind her, then transformed into a blood-red bird and flew upward.
After flying for more than thirty meters, the bird shadow of Nuwa disappeared without a sign, as if it was swallowed by a monster in the void.
Nuwa's pupils shrank slightly, revealing a surprised expression. She shrugged at Luo Zheng and said, "It seems that this place also belongs to the Clear Sky Platform!"
The Clear Sky Platform would swallow any energy and matter outside the range of the Clear Sky Platform. It was naturally impossible to fly over.
Luo Zheng looked at Tianchuan, who was floating on the water, and asked, "Senior, do you have a way to pass through this passage?"
Tianchuan didn't answer Luo Zheng. Instead, he swam to the edge of the water and stretched his hand out of the passage to explore. Then he said, "We can't pass through. There's a lot of Void Dust in this area."
"Void Dust?" Luo Zheng looked puzzled.
Tianchuan replied, "The Clear Sky Platform is filled with Void Dust. It's something you can't see. You can think of it as a kind of invisible dust. Anything that gets close to the Void Dust will be swallowed."
The shadow of Nuwa that Nuwa had just released was swallowed by the Void Dust.
As a creature in the Chaos, there were indeed too many limitations.
Luo Zheng's Heavenly Execution Core was already very powerful. It could help Luo Zheng read and understand Sanskrit. It could even help him understand the white light spots in the Mysterious World. It could restore the scene.
However, the Void Dust mentioned by Tianchuan didn't even have white light spots. Naturally, the Heavenly Execution Core couldn't crack it …
After Nuwa gave it a try, the others followed suit.
It was as if the Blood Wolf had released a living creature that looked like a black bat. This black bat was an alien from Shangqing Heaven, and was extremely poisonous. The Blood Wolf had captured it and wanted to tame it for his own use, but he hadn't been able to do so. Now, he simply threw it away.
"Whoosh …"
After the black bat left his hand, it rushed up like a black hidden weapon. It didn't know where it was, but it was lucky that it could escape from the blood wolf's "claws". Now that the sky was wide, with its speed, no one could catch it …
However, its excitement only lasted for the blink of an eye. By the time it reacted, it felt its body being swallowed up and quickly disappeared from the sight of Luo Zheng and the others.
Energy can't pass through …
Even living creatures couldn't pass through …
"It's not that we can't deal with Xuchen. Only by using a spirit boat can we pass through it. Right now, I don't have a way to deal with it," Tian Chuan said after the bat disappeared.
This time, Luo Zheng and the Honoured Lord of the Origin in the Inner World were depressed, including Nuwa's original body, Fuxi's original body, and the original bodies of all the heroes who were listening. After the core of Tian Zhi translated Tian Chuan's words, their hearts suddenly sank.
"Then isn't this Qingtian Platform a dead end?" Luo Zheng asked unwillingly.
"In a sense, it is." Tian Chuan nodded and thought for a while. "Unless we can find a way to repair the channel."
"Repair the channel?" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up slightly.
Seeing Luo Zheng's excited face, Tian Chuan shook his head and smiled. "Forget it. There were many things in the past, but thousands of chaos eras have passed. I'm afraid they don't exist anymore …"
Luo Zheng asked, "Senior Tian Chuan, what are the things you are talking about?"
He naturally knew that the things that could repair the channel were extraordinary, but he was still somewhat unwilling.
Not only him, but the Honoured Lord of the Origin in the Inner World and the spirits of the original bodies were also looking forward to it. As long as there was a slight chance, they wouldn't give up.
"It's the Seed of Eternal Brightness. It looks like a copper pea," Tian Chuan said. "It was mined in the Main Realm."
"A seed mined in the Main Realm …" Luo Zheng murmured.
In the Inner World, the Honoured Lord of the Origin, Goddess Nuwa, and the others' faces became very ugly.
Anything that involved the Xuanliang World would become extremely complicated, and it could even be said that they were powerless.
"This Seed of Eternal Brightness is very unique. It's actually a kind of metal, but it's also a kind of plant. It's a living metal, and once it grows up, it's very stable." Tian Chuan patted the edge of the channel and said. "When its metal branches are completely unfolded, the hollow part will form a channel, and at the same time, it will produce a huge and flat corolla. You only need to do some simple trimming to quickly complete a Qingtian Platform."
Using the Seed of Eternal Brightness to build the top floor of a world was already a very mature plan at that time, and it was also an essential skill for every world builder.
When Tian Chuan mentioned the metal branches, Luo Zheng's eyebrows trembled slightly. At the same time, he asked, "Senior, how big are the branches of the Seed of Eternal Brightness?"
"When fully grown, it's this big." Tian Chuan pointed to the channel and said. The channel and even the Qingtian Platform were all grown by the Seed of Eternal Brightness.
"But the stem that just sprouted is about this big." Tian Chuan gestured again as he spoke.
"But the whole body is metallic? There are flower branches on it? "Luo Zheng's eyes flashed.
His conversation with Tian Chuan was carried out by the group of people in the Inner World. Tian Chuan and the others naturally couldn't hear Luo Zheng's emotions.
But when Luo Zheng transmitted his voice to the Inner World for the core of Tian Zhi to translate, his voice was unusually excited.
Not only him, but the Honoured Lord of the Origin, Goddess Nuwa, and the others' minds were also greatly moved.
Tian Chuan nodded. "Those flower branches also need to be trimmed. You seem to have seen them before?"
A blue square frame appeared on Luo Zheng's right hand. He reached out and pinched the square frame lightly, taking a metal flower branch in front of Tian Chuan. "Senior Tian Chuan, are you talking about this metal flower branch?"
Not long after entering the Nirvana Realm, this metal flower branch was obtained in the Temple of Helianthus.
Luo Zheng once showed the metal flower branch to the Honoured Lord of the Origin and the others, but none of them recognized it.
Tian Chuan glanced at the metal flower branch and took it from Luo Zheng's hands. There wasn't much surprise on his face. "We have at least two thousand Qingtian Platforms yet to be completed. Two thousand Seeds of Eternal Brightness have already sprouted and grown into flower branches like this …"
These metal flower branches were extremely exquisite in appearance. In addition, they didn't have any energy reaction, so they couldn't be used as Nirvana tokens. This made people feel that this item had some kind of magical characteristics waiting to be discovered.
But without the world builders, they couldn't have grown into Qingtian Platforms.
At the same time, these metal flower branches couldn't be destroyed by ordinary means. For more than a thousand Divine Epochs, these metal flower branches had been circulating in the Nirvana Realm. Luo Zheng only came across one of them.
The Fearful Eye Demon Clan also obtained this metal flower branch by chance. Like countless Nirvana Realm clans, they studied it for a long time but couldn't find the main point. In the end, they hid it in the Temple of Helianthus as a useless item. Later, Luo Zheng obtained it.

Chapter 3627
The Heavenly Rat King stared at the metal flower branch for a while and finally couldn't help but ask, "Luo Zheng, what's the use of this thing?"
Donghuang, Nuwa, and the Immortal Hunters were also curious.
After all, they couldn't understand the conversation between Luo Zheng and Tianchuan.
"This metal flower branch can be used to build the Clear Sky Platform. It should also be able to repair this passage," Luo Zheng answered.
"Really?" Fuxi immediately became excited.
"There's always a way out!" Nuwa smiled faintly, as if she wasn't surprised by Luo Zheng's good luck.
"Squeak, I've traded two of this thing before," the Heavenly Rat King said disapprovingly. "I always thought it was useless. It wasn't easy to sell it."
Everyone was speechless at the Heavenly Rat King's words.
Luo Zheng was naturally a little surprised, but he quickly understood.
Although the metal flower branch was extraordinary, according to Tianchuan, 2,000 Seeds of Eternal Brightness had grown into metal flower branches, but they hadn't grown into the Clear Sky Platform.
These metal flower branches were difficult to destroy, so they naturally flowed around the Nirvana Realm.
Some Nirvana Realm creatures couldn't decipher the mystery of the metal flower branches after trading, so they had no choice but to trade them away. It wasn't strange that the Heavenly Rat King could get this thing.
The next task was to repair the Clear Sky Platform, but everyone had to leave the passage.
Tian Chuan then brought everyone along the passageway and sneaked back. When they reached the bottom, the entrance had disappeared.
"Boil the water," Tianchuan said.
This time, it wasn't Zhurong's turn to do it. Blood Wolf said, "Let me do it!"
After saying that, he spread out his hands, and blood-red flames bloomed around his body.
Gurgle …
In the blink of an eye, the exit that had disappeared reappeared.
After everyone went in, they returned to the underground kiln. The pool in the underground kiln was connected to the passage, so the water in the pool was naturally boiling.
"Luo Zheng, bring your companions out of the pool," Tianchuan ordered.
Luo Zheng nodded and asked everyone to leave the pool.
When the last person left, Tianchuan stood on the water with an unusually serious expression.
Building a world …
This was Tianchuan's old profession.
He hadn't done it for many years.
"Hua!"
He placed one hand in the pool and began to stir gently.
The seemingly careless paddling caused the entire pool to begin to churn.
"Wow! Hua! "
Very quickly, a huge whirlpool was formed inside the pool, and the whirlpool was concentrated at the entrance to the bottom of the pool!
At the same time, Tian Chuan raised the metal flower branch high into the air.
He stretched out his hand and grabbed at the side of the metal flower. Without touching the metal flower, the entire flower suddenly began to shake.
After that, Tian Chuan's expression became even more serious. He gently plucked the metal flower branch, and a constantly pulsating white light spot suddenly appeared at the bottom of the metal flower branch!
"This light spot …" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Logically speaking, white dots of light should not appear in the Chaos World.
The only exception in the Chaos World was the Cold Prison. The Cold Prison was a phenomenon caused by extreme low temperatures.
But now, the metal flower branch had broken this rule, which naturally surprised Luo Zheng.
As Tianchuan's hand continued to "pluck", light spots appeared one after another. After these light spots fell into the whirlpool in the center of the pool, they were pulled into the entrance of the whirlpool and drilled into the passage of the Clear Jade Sky!
Others couldn't understand these light spots, but Luo Zheng could.
After the core of Tian Zhi continuously deciphered these light spots, the image was transmitted to Luo Zheng's eyes. Luo Zheng saw that one end of the metal flower branch had rapidly grown, spreading into the water, and finally drilled into the entrance at the bottom of the pool.
"Hua hua hua …"
The water in the pool was spinning faster and faster, and the metal flower branch was extending more and more branches into the pool.
What Sheng Tian and Rat King saw was naturally more and more white dots of light!
In the passage of the Clear Jade Sky, earth-shaking changes were taking place.
After the white dots drilled into the Clear Jade Sky, they quickly formed a huge metal branch, and this metal branch was still growing vigorously. It quickly drilled through the broken part of the passage and grew all the way to the Clear Sky Platform at the top!
Then the metal branch became thicker and thicker, gradually filling up the entire passage.
"Ka, ka …"
Under the expansion of the metal branch, cracks kept appearing on the surface of the old passage, and the fragments under the cracks were quickly peeling off and collapsing …
When the two disconnected passages collapsed and disappeared, a new and shiny metal branch appeared!
The metal branch in Tianchuan's hand didn't release any white dots of light, but the flower bud at the top of the metal branch was shining with a bright red light, as if it was going to bloom at any time.
Once this flower bud bloomed, it would unfold and form a huge Clear Sky Platform.
If the Clear Sky Platform unfolded here, it would squeeze everyone present to death.
Tianchuan carefully dealt with it and sealed the flower bud. The bright red light disappeared, and was replaced by a dead gray color.
"Luo Zheng, can you give me the rest of the metal branch?" Tianchuan requested.
Luo Zheng smiled slightly, "These metal branches originally belonged to Senior Tianchuan, so they should be returned to their original owner. Senior doesn't need to ask for my permission."
Tianchuan smiled and nodded. After putting away the metal branch, he said, "The repairs have been completed. You can go in now."
Everyone jumped into the water again and swam into the passage following the red path in the pool.
The size and width of the passage were exactly the same as before, but the inner wall of the passage looked very new. After all, it had just "grown".
"Squeak! Why is this new passage also filled with water? "Victorious Sky Rat King asked while cruising upwards.
Nuwa speculated, "Perhaps the end of this passage is connected to a water source. After the new passage was formed, the water in the water source naturally flowed down quickly and filled the entire passage."
Victorious Sky Rat King was somewhat skeptical. When it swam to the end of the passage with everyone, it was actually another brand new body of water.
Everyone floated up from the bottom of the body of water, and with a splash, they drilled out of the water. Everyone's eyes widened.
Just as Nuwa said, they were in the middle of a lake.
Night Vision Island was an extremely huge Clear Sky Platform. Although it wasn't as huge as the main Clear Sky Platform, it was thousands of times bigger than the Clear Sky Platform that Luo Zheng and the others had been to before. The lake in the middle of Night Vision Island occupied more than half of its area.
Surrounding the lake was a circle of grey-white mountain ranges. In the dim light of the night, these mountain ranges seemed like demons and ghosts lying on the ground, emitting a silent and strange aura.
Although this wasn't the main Clear Sky Platform, it was still within the scope of Jade Clear Sky.
Based on the information obtained so far, the treacherous things should have been passed down from Jade Clear Sky.
It wasn't surprising that this Night Vision Island had some powerful treacherous things.
After everyone left the water, they flew close to the mirror-like surface of the lake. Everyone, including Tianchuan, was very careful to avoid making any noise.

Chapter 3628
Luo Zheng flew at the front of the team. When he was close to the lakeside, he spread out his Divine Sense.
Divine Sense, as a means of exploration, could easily depict things in the distance. Even things hidden underground couldn't avoid it.
But when Luo Zheng's Divine Sense swept over the lakeside terrain, a strange pattern suddenly appeared in his mind.
It was a circle with ten animal teeth hanging around it!
"Ka!"
The circle rotated fiercely, and the animal teeth began to flash. Luo Zheng felt a sharp pain in his mind, which almost made him groan.
Nuwa, Fuxi, Donghuang, and the three Immortal Hunters also released their Divine Sense like Luo Zheng. They also saw the circle pattern and felt the sharp pain.
"Ugh …"
"What is that! It's so painful! "
"Divine Sense is affected …"
Luo Zheng recovered and looked at Nuwa and Fuxi.
"What did you find with your Divine Sense?" Nuwa asked.
"A ring inlaid with ten teeth," Blood Wolf answered concisely.
"I saw it too! Squeak squeak! "Victorious Sky Rat King squeaked.
Fuxi looked at the lakeside not far away with a look of fear on his face.
Under normal circumstances, Divine Sense could be unimpeded, but some special things could block Divine Sense. When Divine Sense bounced back, it could only observe a flat surface.
There were also some even more powerful things that could devour Divine Sense, causing the Divine Sense that was released to vanish without a trace.
This time, his Divine Sense didn't bounce back, nor did it disappear. However, the image his Divine Sense detected was the ring inlaid with teeth.
This was very strange, as if someone deliberately let them see this thing.
Everyone discussed in a low voice but couldn't come to a conclusion.
Luo Zheng asked Tianchuan. Tianchuan was also at a loss. He only said, "Night Vision Island is a relatively large Clear Sky Platform. We didn't set anything up on it. I've never heard of the ability to affect perception you mentioned …"
As a world builder, Tianchuan was very familiar with the Chaotic World and even other worlds, but his knowledge was limited to this.
"I'll go ashore first. You guys follow me," Luo Zheng suggested.
Everyone present had also witnessed Luo Zheng's nearly indestructible vitality. They all nodded in agreement.
Luo Zheng's figure flashed and he was already standing on a rock by the shore.
Boom!
The moment Luo Zheng's feet stepped on the rock, he felt a heavy impact in his ears. His head felt as if it was hit by a heavy wooden mallet. The moment his mind went blank, the ring with teeth appeared again!
"What's going on …" Luo Zheng frowned.
Although it was strange, Luo Zheng still transmitted his voice to Nuwa. "Goddess Nuwa, you can come over now. Be careful when you land. That seems to be a strange mental attack …"
Nuwa nodded and brought Fuxi and the others ashore.
Boom!
Nuwa had just landed on the ground when she was hit by a heavy hammer. Her face turned pale for a moment, but she soon recovered.
It was the same for Donghuang, Elder Ying, and the others. However, Rat King Sheng Tian and Fuxi's reactions were the most severe. They directly fell to the ground.
Only Tian Chuan felt nothing when he stepped on the ground.
"I see that ring again …"
"There is no mental attack nearby. What is it?"
"…"
Everyone's face became more worried, especially the three Immortal Hunters.
They had been in an environment where they had to be highly alert all year round. If they were careless, they would lose their lives. Generally, when they encountered such an inexplicable phenomenon, they would raise their vigilance greatly.
"Senior Yuanshi Tianzun, try to communicate with the Instrument of Civilization again," Luo Zheng said to Yuanshi Tianzun in his Inner World.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven was ready. As soon as Luo Zheng gave the order, he appeared above the pages of the book. As the pages of the book flipped open, the Weapon of Civilization tried to contact the true bodies of the human heroes.
The souls of Nuwa, Fuxi, Emperor Jun, Zhurong, and the other original bodies also gathered around the page. They all wanted to know the result as soon as possible.
Whoosh, whoosh …
The page stopped, and the page glowed with green light.
The souls of the original bodies immediately connected to the page, trying to receive the information from the page.
Boom!
The reactions of these souls were exactly the same as Luo Zheng's. They were also attacked and saw the ring with ten teeth …
Although the souls of the souls still had their supernatural powers, they were very weak in the soul level. A powerful soul attack was enough to seriously injure them.
However, the attack of the "ring" didn't cause any harm. It just made people feel pain.
Although the souls of the original bodies covered their heads and cried for a while, they didn't suffer any damage.
"Even the Instrument of Civilization was affected …" Luo Zheng was a little speechless.
"The Night Island should be covered by some kind of magical power. You can only explore it with your physical bodies," Yuanshi Tianzun suggested.
Luo Zheng nodded. Since they were already here, they couldn't give up just because their Divine Sense couldn't explore it.
Although the Night Island was not small, they could always find some clues along the mountain range.
After Luo Zheng came to the shore of the lake, there was a gray forest in front of him.
Previously, when he was on the lake, he had seen that everything on the Night Vision Island was grayish-white. Now, even the forest was the same color. Out of curiosity, he went forward and plucked a leaf. As soon as he plucked the leaf, countless grayish-white ashes rustled down, revealing a large patch of emerald green leaves!
It turned out that these trees were not gray and white, but just covered with a layer of ash …
"Are there volcanoes on the Night Island?" Nuwa's eyes narrowed.
If there were frequent volcanic eruptions in these ring-shaped mountains, the eruption of volcanic ash could cover the entire Night Island.
Fuxi shrugged his shoulders, reached out and picked a leaf. He sniffed the dust on the leaf and said, "This is not volcanic ash. There is no smell of sulfur."
Luo Zheng also asked the Heaven Legend for confirmation. The Heaven Legend said that no volcano was planned when the Night Island was built.
"Maybe for some reason, dust fell on the Night Island …" Blood Crow inferred, touching his nose.
"No," Blood Wolf shook his head and said, pointing not far away, "You see, the dust is not evenly distributed. There is dust on those flowers and trees, but there is no dust in other places …"
Luo Zheng and others carefully observed, and it was really as Blood Wolf said.
Except for flowers and trees, there was no such layer of dust on the rocks and ground.
"This is very strange." Nuwa's brows were tightly knitted together. "Either the dust comes from the plants themselves, or it was sprinkled by someone …"
Just when everyone was puzzled, Luo Zheng suddenly saw a white claw sticking out of the tree. The claw held a handful of ash and carefully sprinkled it on the leaves.
Luo Zheng just brushed off the dust on these leaves.

Chapter 3629
"Rustle, rustle, rustle …"
Its white claws gently scattered the ash, and soon the emerald green plants were covered by a layer of ash.
Luo Zheng and the others stood still and observed carefully.
It was undoubtedly a Shift.
But the disgusting aura of this Shift was very faint.
Although the lush leaves blocked it, they could still see the true appearance of Shift. It was like a slow-moving sloth with a simple and honest appearance.
After Sly Sloth scattered a layer of ash, it jumped down from the tree branch and walked slowly towards everyone.
"What does it want to do?" Fuxi was on guard.
Xue Ya and Xue Lion had already taken out the sand-sized holy stone. Just as Xue Ya and Xue Lion were about to activate the holy stone, Xue Lang reached out and stopped them while shaking his head.
This sloth was only an enemy level Shift. It didn't seem to be dangerous, and everyone present had holy stones. It shouldn't be difficult to deal with such a Shift, so Xue Lang didn't let the two brothers activate the light of destruction to scare it.
Luo Zheng had the same idea, so he stood still and watched Shift walk toward him.
When the sloth treacherously walked in front of Luo Zheng, it suddenly pointed to the sky and then revealed a look of horror. This action was repeated several times.
"What does it mean?" Luo Zheng frowned.
"Squeak, is there something in the sky that scares it? Is it here to ask for help?" Winning Sky Rat King speculated.
Nuwa looked around with her beautiful eyes, then looked up at the sky. She nodded and said, "It means that there is a threat in the sky, but it may not be here to ask for help!"
As a native of this place, Treacherous Sloth was much more familiar with the environment than they were. Moreover, it was immortal and did not have much intelligence. There should be very few things that could make it afraid. Nuwa made her judgment based on this point.
"If it's not asking for help, it can't be here to help, right? Shift is so kind? "Elder Gall said coldly.
Nuwa smiled slightly, "Since Shift has a type of possession and a type of slaughter, I think there should be other types. Maybe there are some kind Shift with good intentions. Isn't this Heaven's Legacy also good after awakening?"
"These monsters are simply …" Elder Gall still wanted to argue.
At this time, Luo Zheng made a shushing sound.
After the sloth gestured at the sky for a while, it suddenly extended its claws into its abdomen. There was a bag in its abdomen, and the bag was filled with grayish-white dust. It grabbed a handful of the dust and sprinkled it at Luo Zheng's feet.
Luo Zheng stepped back reflexively to avoid the ash.
Treacherously, the sloth noticed Luo Zheng's vigilance. It pointed at the sky again, and a trace of sincerity appeared in its hollow eye sockets. It grabbed the dust and walked towards Luo Zheng.
At this moment, an arrow suddenly flew out from not far away.
"Whoosh —"
The speed of the arrow was surprisingly fast, and it was firmly nailed in front of the sloth.
When the slow-moving sloth saw this arrow, its speed suddenly became incomparably fast. After a few flips on the ground, it had already climbed up the tree.
"Whoosh! Whoosh! "
Two more arrows were shot towards the tree.
Even with the cover of the dense forest, the two arrows were extremely accurate. They almost brushed past the treacherous body of the sloth and were firmly nailed into the tree trunk.
"Whoosh, whoosh …"
Treacherously moved around in the forest, completely hiding itself.
Although these arrows were not aimed at Luo Zheng and the others, Luo Zheng and the others were also vigilant.
The three Immortal Hunters stood apart and looked around.
Fuxi stood in front of Nuwa and the others with a vigilant face. At the same time, he asked coldly, "Who's shooting the arrows? Why do you have to hide? "
As soon as Fuxi finished speaking, a short alien walked out of the forest not far away. This alien looked very similar to a human child. Its face was wide and big, and it looked charmingly naive. The strange thing was that it had a long green tail. The end of the tail was flat and green, like a leaf hanging above its head.
"Don't be afraid. I've already chased Treacherously away," said the alien.
When everyone heard the standard human language, their tensed bodies relaxed a little.
Night Vision Island looked very strange. Although no one had died, in this strange environment, if they were not careful, they would have been completely wiped out.
If someone could be a guide to solve their problems, it would be best …
The alien in front of them not only helped them chase away Treacherously, but also had a kind face. Naturally, it brought hope to everyone.
"Thank you for your help, sir." Fuxi cupped his fists and thanked the child-like alien.
The smile on the alien's broad face was a little naive. "You're welcome," it said as it moved closer. After sniffing with its small nose, it said, "Your smell is very strange. It seems like you came from outside?"
"Yes, we did come from outside Yabuki Island," Fuxi nodded. "Are you a native of Yabuki Island?"
The alien nodded. "Of course, I am from Konoha. My name is Cando! Fortunately, you met me. It was too dangerous just now! "
"What danger?" Nuwa suddenly interrupted.
"Those Treacherously," Cando said, pointing to the tree. "It wanted to sprinkle Ghost Medicine Powder on you!"
"Ghost Medicine Powder? What's the use of it? "Nuwa asked again.
Cando's face showed a look of horror. "Every night, something will come down from the sky. They will eat the living things sprinkled with Ghost Medicine Powder!"
Hearing this, the faces of Rat King and the others changed slightly.
Luo Zheng frowned slightly.
The three Immortal Hunters exchanged glances with each other.
Nuwa, on the other hand, was not surprised. She continued to ask, "Those things you mentioned are also Treacherously?"
"Yes, they are very powerful Treacherously, Hatred Level Treacherously!" Cando said again.
"Hatred Level Treacherously!" Donghuang's face also showed a trace of horror.
"Squeak …" Rat King's soybean eyes were full of fear.
On the Clear Sky Platform before, they faced a Resentment Level Treacherously. If it weren't for Luo Zheng's last burst of power, they would have died long ago.
They didn't even have the strength to fight back when they encountered a Resentment Level Treacherously. If it were a Hatred Level Treacherously, they would have no room to resist at all.
Rat King, Elder Ying, Donghuang, and the others all took a few steps back.
They were relatively close to the woods, and some Ghost Medicine Powder was sprinkled on the ground. Since this thing can attract Hatred Level Treacherously, they were afraid that it would be too late to avoid it.
"Hatred Level Treacherously attack living things sprinkled with Ghost Medicine Powder. Then, as long as we don't have Ghost Medicine Powder on us, we should be fine, right?" Luo Zheng asked after thinking for a while.
Cando showed an innocent smile again. "Of course we are."

Chapter 3630
"You are outsiders. Of course, you don't know the cruelty of Yatsumi Island. Generally, outsiders don't survive the night!" Cang Duo's face was slightly pale. "Yatsumi Island is an island full of Shifters. The weakest Enemy Level Shifters are everywhere, and there are many stronger Resentment Level Shifters. The Hatred Level Shifters are the overlords of Yatsumi Island!"
Blood Lion, Blood Crow, and Blood Wolf's faces were gloomy.
Although the Clear Sky Platform on Yatsumi Island is many times larger than the previous one, it is still very small compared to Shangqing Sky.
In the Shangqing Heavens, the Vengeance Level Treacherous Beings and the Resentment Level Treacherous Beings could turn the heavens and the earth upside down. If this small island had so many Treacherous Beings, one could imagine how dangerous it was!
Blood Wolf has been thinking about how to persuade others to return to Shangqing Sky. Even if they can't retreat, they have to leave with Blood Lion and Blood Crow.
Not to mention anything else, as long as a Hatred Level Shifter appears, everyone will die. Staying here and continuing to explore is no different from courting death.
"Almost all Shifters are very dangerous. So, how did you survive?" Nuwa stared straight at Cang Duo, as if she wanted to see through Cang Duo's mind.
"Our Konoha people have been fighting with Shifters for countless years, and we have paid the price of countless lives to survive …" Cang Duo sighed, as if an endless sad past appeared in front of him.
"Squeak, is there a safe place on Yatsumi Island?" Rat King asked.
"Yes," Cang Duo replied.
"Where?" Heaven Winning Rat King asked.
"Our tribe," Cang Duo replied.
"Squeak! Can we go? "Heaven Winning Rat King hurriedly asked.
Cang Duo suddenly smiled. "Of course, our Konoha people love to help outsiders. There are often outsiders who seek our protection. You can come with me!"
"Squeak, okay!" Rat King nodded.
Then Cang Duo led the way.
Nuwa, Fuxi, Luo Zheng, and the Immortal Hunter didn't move. They all had deep doubts in their hearts.
There are indeed some Aliens in Nirvana who are very kind and willing to help others. This Cang Duo seems to be a trustworthy person, but there are many loopholes in his words.
For example, it said that Konoha people often help outsiders, but the Night Island was originally an isolated island, and there was no way to enter it.
The only passageway was the one that they had just repaired. How could there be outsiders before this?
For example, if the Ghost Medicine Powder was applied to living things, it would attract things from the heavens. Were the plants on the island considered living things? If that was the case, why were all the plants on the island fine?
Moreover, Cang Duo seemed to be used to the treacherous Tianchuan and did not find it strange at all.
"Rat King," Nuwa said.
The Heaven Victorious Rat King turned around. Its pitch-black rat eyes revealed a crafty glint as it transmitted its voice to everyone. "Squeak, we are unfamiliar with this place, and this place is too strange. We need to know the safety of this place."
"But …" Nuwa hesitated.
"Rat King is right. We can't communicate with those strange creatures, but we can," Fuxi said to everyone. "Moreover, Sloth and Konoha's clansmen have mentioned that there are powerful things descending from the sky. It's actually more dangerous for us to stay here and figure out what's going on!"
"That's true," Luo Zheng nodded and judged. "The biggest problem is the Ghost Medicine Powder."
It seemed that the Ghost Medicine Powder could avoid the things in the sky, but what Cang Duo said was completely the opposite. He said that the Ghost Medicine Powder would lead to disaster, and one of them must be lying.
Although Luo Zheng tended to believe in Sloth, Sloth itself had no wisdom and could not obtain information. Once it misunderstood, the price it would pay would not be small.
"It's simple," Blood Wolf's lips moved slightly. "I'll collect the Ghost Medicine Powder. It can be used in a critical moment!"
Blood Wolf's proposal was a flexible compromise between the two.
"Then I'll have to trouble you, Blood Wolf," Luo Zheng nodded.
After communicating with each other, everyone stepped forward and followed behind Cang Duo.
Along the way, there were uneven depressions and slopes. Occasionally, there were trees and grasses, but they were all covered with a layer of dust.
"Hoo …"
A gust of wind suddenly blew.
The trees swayed gently, and the Ghost Medicine Powder that had been sprinkled on the surface of the trees rustled and fell to the ground, revealing large patches of blue.
"Crash!"
White claws stretched out from the trees, with a handful of grayish-white ash on the claws. The Sloths tirelessly covered the trees with ash.
"Look!"
"It's all Sloth Sloth!"
"There are so many Sloths on this island at night …"
After some Sloths finished sprinkling the leaves, they noticed Luo Zheng's group. They climbed down from the trees with a handful of ash and walked towards them.
According to the first sloth's habit, they should want to sprinkle the ash on them.
However, these Sloths had just taken a few steps when Cang Duo, who was walking in front, raised his hand and shot a few arrows.
"Whoosh!"
The arrows nailed to the ground in front of the Sloths, and they immediately scared them back to the trees.
Seeing these Sloths so timid, Fuxi, Blood Wolf, and others helplessly curled their lips.
Not all Eerie Creatures were innately strong. Some Eerie Creatures were indeed weak.
In the process of walking, Blood Wolf lowered one of his hands and peeled off a piece of spider silk from between his fingers.
This piece of spider silk spread all the way to the nearby forest. After climbing up the tree, the spider silk continued to weave and form a "broken hand" of Blood Wolf. This broken hand gently clasped, and a blue ring appeared on the back of the hand. That was Blood Wolf's Sumeru Space.
Then the broken hand continued to shake the leaves, shaking off the Ghost Medicine Powder on the leaves and branches, and putting it into the Sumeru Space.
The movement of the broken hand quickly attracted a few Sloths. These Sloths habitually grabbed the Ghost Medicine Powder from their pockets and sprinkled it on the hand. This was exactly what Blood Wolf wanted, so he directly used the Sumeru Space to catch the Ghost Medicine Powder of the Sloths.
The Sloths kept sprinkling the Ghost Medicine Powder, but it was all absorbed by the Sumeru Space.
Although they felt strange, why couldn't the Ghost Medicine Powder be sprinkled on the hand, they didn't feel that there was anything wrong with it. Instead, they were very persistent and completely emptied their pockets of Ghost Medicine Powder before turning away.
It didn't take long for Blood Wolf to empty the Ghost Medicine Powder of the Sloths. After collecting almost all the Ghost Medicine Powder, the hand once again turned into a spider silk and quickly retracted back into Blood Wolf's body.
Everything was done secretly.
After a while, everyone arrived at the nearest mountain.
One side of the mountain was full of neat rows of circular caves. When Cang Duo led Luo Zheng's group to appear, many Konoha Clansmen drilled out of the circular caves on the mountain.
These Konoha Clansmen didn't come forward to greet Cang Duo. They all stood at the entrance of the cave like zombies, looking at Luo Zheng's group with indifference, hatred, and greed in their eyes.

Chapter 3631
When Luo Zheng and his party approached, the hatred and greed on the faces of these Konoha people were swept away.
Their faces piled up with eager smiles, looking charmingly naïve.
One of the Konoha people with wrinkles on his face greeted them and bowed to Luo Zheng and the others, "Welcome friends from afar."
"This is our Patriarch Gado," Cang Do introduced.
Luo Zheng, Nuwa, Donghuang, and the others returned the greeting to Patriarch Gado.
Then Gado and Cang Do led them to visit the Konoha Clan's land.
The so-called "clan grounds" were actually the densely packed caves on this mountain.
These caves are dug very deep, only half a person high, and only one Konoha person can enter and exit.
If it were Luo Zheng, Fuxi and other ordinary people, it would be like drilling a dog hole, and they could only crawl in.
"These caves are too small for us," Donghuang said.
"It's hard for me to get in, squeak!" Rat King said.
Gado smiled slightly, "These caves are for us, the short Konoha people, to live in. There are bigger caves above, I will take you there!"
Luo Zheng and his party didn't make up their minds to stay here, but Patriarch Cang Do was very enthusiastic, and everyone followed behind him.
After walking up the mountain path on one side, about a hundred feet, a big cave appeared on the mountainside.
The cave was wide and facing the sun, and it was dry and neat inside. Obviously, it was carefully arranged, and there was a faint fragrance. It was a livable place.
Fuxi looked around the cave and then asked, "Can it really resist the Hatred Level Strange Creatures here?"
"Hatred Level Strange Creatures …" Gado smiled, "There is no place on Yatsumi Island that can resist the Hatred Level Strange Creatures, but our Clan Land can guarantee your safety."
Cang Do also echoed, "Don't worry, our Konoha Clan has also existed on Yatsumi Island for countless years!"
Luo Zheng glanced at Cang Do faintly, "So, it's not bad to live here."
"It must be so," Cang Do nodded quickly.
"Let me ask you, are there other races on this island besides you?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Through the Konoha people, they have a preliminary understanding of Yatsumi Island, which is why Luo Zheng and his party were willing to come.
"Yes! There are many races on the island. On the other side of the mountain is the Demon Cloud Race. On the second mountain is the Tortoise Shell Race. On the other side of the plain is... "Cang Duo described the surrounding races one by one.
"Are there any humans among these races?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Humans?" Cang Duo sized up Luo Zheng's group. "Are those who look like you humans?"
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
"I haven't," Cang Duo shook his head. "You must be from the Shangqing Heaven's foreign races. I have never seen a human before."
Although Cang Duo denied it immediately, Luo Zheng was keenly aware that when he mentioned the "human race", Cang Duo's eyes flashed with fear.
Clan Leader Gu Duo seized the opportunity and said, "Night is about to fall, and we still have to make many preparations. Everyone, please rest here first. If you have any questions, we can discuss them tomorrow …"
After saying that, Gu Duo took Cang Duo away, leaving only Luo Zheng's group in the cave.
After the two Konoha clansmen left the cave, Fuxi, Old Ying, and the Immortal Hunters' expressions became slightly cold.
"It seems that Cang Duo knows about the existence of the human race. He has seen a human, at least he has seen a human," Fuxi said.
"The human race makes him very afraid. What is the reason?" Donghuang was a little confused.
"Squeak! These guys' acting is clumsy, "Rat King sneered.
"Everything is clumsy," Blood Wolf sniffed his nose and sneered. "The fragrance in the cave can't cover up the strong smell of blood. This cave should be a slaughterhouse, right?"
With their keen sense of smell, they could smell the stench of blood as soon as they came in.
This cave was wide on the outside and narrow on the inside, and the exit was facing the sky. It was not suitable for a hiding place at all.
After carefully observing, Nuwa said, "This should not be a slaughterhouse."
"Then what is it?" Blood Lion glanced at Nuwa. Among this group, this woman was the smartest.
"These Konoha clansmen are not good at deceiving people, so they are full of loopholes. I guess' Cang Duo 'saw that we have a large number of people and temporarily decided to lure us here. He didn't have time to arrange, so he arranged us here," Nuwa deduced, "This cave should be a place to store prey."
"That's also a slaughterhouse," Blood Wolf shrugged his shoulders.
Nuwa pointed to the entrance of the cave and said, "Don't forget, whether it is the sloth or Cang Duo, it means that there are monsters falling from the sky. Can you think about the use of this cave again?"
Luo Zheng pondered and said, "Goddess Nuwa means that Konoha clansmen throw prey in this cave to sacrifice to the monsters in the sky?"
"Yes," Nuwa nodded.
"Why sacrifice to the monsters?" Blood Crow asked.
Nuwa smiled slightly, "It's very simple, to seek shelter."
The Konoha clansmen don't seem to be strong. On this island, the Konoha clansmen are basically at the bottom. There must be a special reason for their survival.
"If they are just seeking shelter, they can hunt weaker creatures and sacrifice them. The risk of deceiving us is not small," Luo Zheng questioned.
Luo Zheng and his party don't look weak.
In case this matter is exposed, they will definitely retaliate against the Konoha clan.
Nuwa thought for a moment and added, "Maybe by sacrificing more powerful prey, they can get some kind of valuable reward, so they are willing to take this risk."
Donghuang nodded, "Goddess Nuwa's inference is very reasonable, but what should we do next?"
"Since this place is a trap, we should leave as soon as possible," Old Ying suggested.
However, Nuwa said, "This is just my one-sided inference. Maybe the situation is completely opposite. The wild is more dangerous. My advice is to stay here and act according to the circumstances!"
…
In a circular cave on the far right of the Konoha clan.
Gu Duo's wrinkled face showed anger, "Why did you lead these people in! We don't lack prey to sacrifice. Have you forgotten the fate of the Thunder Clan and the Byakugu clan? Do you want to kill us? "
As the Patriarch of the Konoha clan, he has seen the terrible strength of that person.
"These humans have nothing to do with that person. They are not strong enough and don't know anything. They are the best prey!" Cang Duo's face showed a fierce expression.
"If that person knows, our Konoha clan will be wiped out directly," Gu Duo's face was a little stiff, he knew that this was an unforgivable mistake.
Cang Duo's face was full of confidence, "They don't know anything about this island. They won't survive tonight. As long as they die tonight, that person can't know."
"But …" Gu Duo was still a little hesitant.
"Don't forget the Evil Tiger clan from the North Mountain. They won't let us go. We are also doing this for the continuation of our clan," Cang Duo said.
Under Cang Duo's persuasion, Gu Duo's stiff face eased.
If these people are sacrificed, it will be a great harvest for the Konoha clan. Some risks are worth it. After all, the Konoha clan has no way out.

Chapter 3632
Night began to fall on the Yami Island.
After the light dimmed, the light spots in the Xuanliang World became more and more like stars.
The people of Konoha went back to their caves.
In the large cave above, Blood Wolf took out a bunch of grayish-white ghost medicine powder and gave everyone a share.
Although the ghost medicine powder had been distributed, they were not in a hurry to apply it.
The Rat King stood at the entrance of the cave, and a huge eyeball floated beside it. This was the Sky Eye of the Sky Eye Rock Vine. When necessary, the Sky Eye and its vine body could be separated.
Now, the Divine Sense could not detect the distant scene, but the Sky Eye could.
A vine of the Sky Eye was placed on the forehead of the Rat King. Standing on the side of the cave, it could observe the top of the mountain.
Half an hour ago, the Blood Wolf turned into a strand of spider silk and quietly left the cave. It climbed all the way to the top of the mountain and took out two living creatures from its spirit beast bag. They were two sturdy Kuai Bulls.
Although Kuai Bulls were also creatures of the Nirvana Realm, their spiritual intelligence was low and they had no magical powers. Instead, their meat was extremely delicious. Blood Wolf caught Kuai Bulls as food.
In order to prevent Kuai Bulls from running around, Blood Wolf used some means to knock them out and fix them on the top of the mountain. It sprinkled the ghost medicine powder evenly on each Kuai Bull until it became a "white bull". Then, it quietly returned to the cave.
Now, through the Sky Eye, the Rat King could see the two motionless Kuai Bulls on the top of the mountain. One was black and the other was white.
"Phew …"
When the light on the Night Vision Island dimmed to a certain degree, it was as if a door had been opened in a corner of the island. The unpleasant aura rushed out of the door and covered the entire Night Vision Island.
The Rat King's soybean eyes revealed a glimmer of light. "Squeak, the aura of Treacherous …"
Everyone in the cave was meditating, but the moment the aura came, they opened their eyes.
Fuxi turned over and walked to the entrance of the cave and asked, "Did you see anything?"
"Not yet, squeak!" The Rat King shook its head.
Although it did not see Shift itself, Heavenly Rat King still felt a little scared. A Resentment Shift did not have the ability to cover the entire island with its aura. This aura was most likely released by a Hatred Shift.
"When will you let me return to the Spirit Beast Pouch?" The Heaven's Eye Vine asked. This terrifying aura made it feel uneasy.
It had originally thought that these fellows had successfully entered the Shang Clear Sky. Who would have thought that they would suddenly run into the Jade Clear Sky? This terrifying world was clearly not one that the Heaven's Eye Vine was willing to stay in.
"Squeak, it's still early …"
Just as the Heaven Victorious Rat King was speaking, its soybean-sized eyes suddenly widened to the size of peas, as if it had seen an unbelievable scene.
His Heaven Eye's pupils were also wide open.
"What did you see?" Fuxi raised his eyebrows.
"Something is falling from the sky. It's white. It looks like … fur?" Heaven Winning Rat King said.
They were strands of white hair that were rustling down, emitting a faint white light at night. When these white hairs accumulated to a certain extent, they fused together to form a humanoid white-haired monster.
The white-haired monster had clearly discovered Kuai Niu and was crawling towards him.
When the white-haired monster passed by the "white bull", it hesitated for a moment, but quickly gave up on the "white bull" and quickly walked towards the black bull.
The Heaven Victorious Rat King's eyes stared fixedly at this scene. The moment the white-haired monster touched the black bull, the black bull's head disappeared, as if it had been directly swallowed by the humanoid white-haired monster.
Blood from the black bull's neck splashed onto the white-haired monster's body. When the blood touched the white-haired monster, it directly disappeared, not dyeing the white-haired monster red. Clearly, the blood had also been swallowed by the white-haired monster.
As the white-furred monster continued to move forward, a huge black bull was completely devoured.
"Hua!"
Following that, the white-haired monster suddenly dispersed, turning into strands of white hair that scattered on the ground.
These strands of white hair gradually disappeared, but the Heaven Victorious Rat King saw a few transparent crystals. These crystals did not disappear along with the white hair!
"What are these crystals …"
Just as the Heaven Victorious Rat King's interest was piqued, white hair rustled about ten feet away from it.
At close range, it looked like pure winter snow. Although it was very beautiful, it was fatal.
Only then did the Heaven Victorious Rat King remember its mission. It grabbed the spirit beast pouch and gently put it back into the spirit beast pouch. It hurriedly turned around and returned to the cave. "Squeak! Everyone, quickly … quickly apply the Ghost Medicine Powder! "
"Is the black bull dead?" Blood Wolf asked.
"Squeak! Yes! "The Heaven Victorious Rat King nodded as it applied the Ghost Medicine Powder on its body.
Luo Zheng, Nuwa, the Immortal Hunters, and even Tian Chuan applied a layer of Ghost Medicine Powder all over their bodies.
Luo Zheng wasn't sure if Shift could swallow it, but they didn't lack Ghost Medicine Powder. Naturally, it was safer.
Just as they finished applying the powder, four humanoid white-haired monsters walked into the cave.
These humanoid white-haired monsters entered the cave and looked around for something.
These white-haired monsters emitted a threatening aura. Everyone present resisted the urge to run away.
After searching for a while, one of the white-haired monsters suddenly turned around and looked at Luo Zheng. It strode toward Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng frowned. His body didn't move, but every muscle in his body was tense.
Although he didn't know how to deal with this thing, he definitely wouldn't sit still and wait for death.
After the white-haired monster approached Luo Zheng, it stretched out its hand, brushed past Luo Zheng's ear, and slapped the wall with one hand.
Luo Zheng turned his head slightly and realized that its target was a plant that had just sprouted on the wall!
No wonder Shift sprinkled the Ghost Medicine Powder on the tree. This white-haired monster's diet included plants!
The white-haired monsters searched every corner of the cave. After confirming that there was no "living thing" to be swallowed, they collapsed with a bang, turning into a pile of messy white hair and gradually disappearing.
"Phew," Donghuang exhaled. "We've dealt with it …"
"Squeak! Those white-haired monsters won't come back, "Sky Winning Rat King said.
Nuwa frowned and thought for a moment. "They rely on the power of life to find prey, right? After applying the Ghost Medicine Powder, you all look like dead people … "
How sensitive were the Immortal Realm experts present?
However, they were too nervous today because of Shift's matter. After Nuwa's reminder, they realized that the Ghost Medicine Powder's Ghost Medicine Powder completely blocked off all life.
The Ghost Medicine Powder had almost completely blocked off any signs of life. If a person who had been smeared with the Ghost Medicine Powder lay on the ground without moving, then he would be a lifeless corpse!
"That should be the case." Blood Wolf nodded.
Nuwa thought for a moment and said, "Let me try again. Please don't shake off the Ghost Medicine Powder on your body …"
"Don't …" Blood Wolf had just opened his mouth to stop her when Nuwa had already cleaned off the Ghost Medicine Powder on the back of her hand, revealing her white and delicate skin.
As soon as the Ghost Medicine Powder on the back of her hand was cleaned off, pieces of white hair slowly began to pile up outside the cave. The white-haired monsters appeared again and went straight for Nuwa.
Nuwa's expression was calm. She didn't even rush to apply the Ghost Medicine Powder. Instead, she raised her hand and slowly moved back, luring the white-haired monsters to move with her!
"She's crazy …" Blood Wolf muttered helplessly in his heart.

Chapter 3633
Through careful observation, Nuwa naturally has her own sense of propriety.
"This thing has no vision, it can only track the life force …" Nuwa said as she applied a layer of Ghost Medicine Powder on her hand.
The white-haired monster, which was originally following Nuwa, suddenly lost its target and sniffed around like a headless fly.
Nuwa's eyes flashed with a touch of contemplation, "The aliens on the island know how to use Ghost Medicine Powder, so the white-haired monster shouldn't be a threat to them. So, Konoha's people took the initiative to sacrifice their prey to the white-haired monster, there should be obvious benefits. What benefits?"
"It's hard to guess," Luo Zheng shook his head, "Maybe after sacrificing their prey, they can go somewhere to receive the so-called 'benefits'."
There are too many possibilities for this kind of thing, and it's difficult to infer with limited clues.
"Squeak! By the way, when I used my Heavenly Eye to observe Kuai Niu, the white-haired monster swallowed a Kuai Niu and left some transparent crystal behind, "Sky Winning Rat King suddenly reminded.
Just now, he was busy applying the Ghost Medicine Powder and neglected this point.
Nuwa immediately looked at Blood Wolf and asked, "Blood Wolf, do you have any more Kuai Niu in your Spirit Beast bag?"
"Yes," Blood Wolf nodded, he naturally knew what Nuwa wanted to do, so he took out a Kuai Niu from the Spirit Beast bag without asking much.
This Kuai Niu is also a living creature. After leaving the Spirit Beast bag, it felt the treacherous aura of the white-haired monster. It was immediately scared and wanted to run away.
Blood Wolf pointed at the Kuai Niu's head, and it immediately fainted.
The white-haired monster was about to leave, but after feeling the life force of the Kuai Niu, it immediately turned around and rushed over, swallowing the Kuai Niu in a few seconds, then it turned into a pile of white hair and disappeared.
"Ding ding ding …"
At the same time that the white-haired monster disappeared, several glass crystals fell to the ground with a crisp sound.
These glass crystals are thin and long, like long transparent needles.
Nuwa stepped forward and picked up the crystals one by one, then placed them in the palm of her hand and looked at them carefully. These crystals gave her an uncomfortable feeling, as if they were part of the treacherous aura.
"This should be the benefit that the Konoha clansmen want. If they devour us, the number of crystals they will get should be a lot more," Nuwa said and handed the crystal to Fuxi.
Fuxi put it in front of him and sniffed it. After observing it for a while, he couldn't find anything special about it. So, he passed it to Donghuang, and Donghuang passed it to Elder Ying.
After making a circle, the crystal fell into Luo Zheng's hand. Just as Luo Zheng was carefully sizing it up, Tian Chuan, who was next to him, said, "Can I have a look?"
Tian Chuan had a Treacherous Body, so his perception was completely different.
When Luo Zheng placed these crystals in Tianchuan's hand, Tianchuan clenched his hand into a fist, completely wrapping the crystals in it. Then, he closed his eyes and stood still.
Tian Chuan's originally neat and tidy eyes, ears, mouth, and nose began to melt like a candle. His humanoid body quickly turned into a white, translucent mud-like substance, and the armor he was wearing scattered all over the ground.
"Senior Tianchuan!" Luo Zheng hurriedly shouted.
"What happened to him?"
"Why is it like this …"
"Are these crystals also used to deal with the Treacherous Body?"
The others also showed anxious looks on their faces.
Although Tian Chuan was only an Enemy Level Treacherous Body, he was the World Creator!
His understanding of the entire Chaos far surpassed others. If he could stand with everyone, it would naturally be a great help.
If something happened to him because of a few unknown crystals, then it was not worth it.
"Look, those crystals …" Rat King Sheng pointed at Tian Chuan and said.
The previous few crystals had already drilled into Tian Chuan's body and were completely wrapped up.
"Let's wait and see. Maybe the situation is not as bad as we think," Nuwa said.
After all, Tian Chuan's Treacherous Body had only "melted" and was not corroded. With the Treacherous Body's immortal characteristics, as long as it could be restored, there would not be any major problems.
After about the time it took for three incense sticks to burn, Tian Chuan's body began to shake again. His head grew out of the transparent white mud bit by bit, and his body returned to human form under everyone's gaze.
"Senior Tianchuan, what happened to you just now?" Luo Zheng asked.
Tian Chuan stretched out his hand, and the few crystals were still in his hand. He said, "These things seem to be my home. I feel very comfortable and want to sleep in them …"
As a unique life form, the Treacherous Body was naturally completely different from ordinary creatures.
When Tian Chuan held these crystals, he felt a sense of sleepiness. These crystals seemed to be his bed.
Tian Chuan had just turned into a pool of mud when he fell asleep for a short while.
Tian Chuan handed the crystals to Luo Zheng, and Luo Zheng relayed Tian Chuan's words to the others.
"Sleep …" Donghuang frowned slightly.
Sleep was something that only weak existences needed.
A soul that had undergone a little tempering would never need it.
The Treacherous Body was undoubtedly a more powerful and special soul, but it actually needed to sleep. This made Donghuang even more puzzled.
"Maybe this thing can just hypnotize the Treacherous Body?" Blood Lion speculated.
Nuwa stared at the crystal in Luo Zheng's hand and frowned, "Senior Tianchuan is an awakened Treacherous Body, and he can't resist this crystal. What if it's not awakened?"
Whether it's a possessor or a slaughterer, these Treacherous Bodies rely on their obsession to act and don't have much judgment.
If these Treacherous Bodies encounter such a crystal, won't they always sleep?
"Maybe it can be used to trap the Treacherous Body," Blood Wolf said.
Nuwa nodded slightly, but her brows were still locked. She felt that these crystals had more than just this.
"We don't have to think too much. The mystery will naturally be revealed at dawn," Blood Crow suddenly said.
Hearing this, Nuwa's mouth curled slightly and sneered, "That's true!"
They were not cruel people, but since the Konoha clansmen dared to sacrifice their lives, naturally, they couldn't be blamed.
The night on the Yami Island lasted for ten hours.
After they applied the Ghost Medicine Powder, no other white-haired monsters broke into the cave that night.
The Rat King once again took out the Heavenly Eye from the Spirit Beast bag and observed the movement outside.
Occasionally, he heard the screams of some foreign creatures. The Rat King looked around and saw the white-haired monsters descending on other mountains, devouring the sacrificed creatures.
Ten hours later, the sky gradually brightened.
The unpleasant atmosphere that had been lingering around everyone quickly disappeared … …
In a small cave at the bottom of the mountain, Cang Duo drilled out of it, shaking like a sieve, shaking off the Ghost Medicine Powder on his body.
The other Konoha clansmen also drilled out of their "small homes", including Patriarch Gudo.
Cang Duo and Gudo looked at each other, and their eyes were full of excitement.

Chapter 3634
Dacupoint
Both of them are very strong at this moment
Breath Wolf Cut 'Sidang Zheng'. Everyone would know if they slept separately! Go to the inner knot to take the cheese monster … In the blood of the wolf leaves, Ren several dragons.
The Tribe and the Leaves
Yes, he did, but it was because of him.
Cang Yi is Luo Miaozhi, the fixed arrow is probing Mao Er. Hand it
Two and the Wood Clan, I crisply added, "Human separation speed is.
Man
Spider Vision One Multi-Color One! "
Inya
Many Spiders, My Handle Waving
Blinded? Damn it. Near and far
You can hunt more.
The character Ye is going to be saved by this fruit
Arrival
Tight for
Di Wang Gang, Shi Shi, yes. What was the point of it climbing? Slow Bow
Bai Xiu
Indication of Root Color Extension
Do more from the silver mouth. Rowe
How many times have you gone to this place? "
Take Care of Your Menace
Liu Bu must have some Blood Leaves on it, Liu Bu can eat a lot of Dark Wood Roots! Death moves are afraid of many, 'the hole dies, the object is stolen for it to return.' Mu Shao Ti's supreme people are trembling, but only not long, a few have added to the balance.
He Ying Shen said, "Waste is only the sound layer, Wa Yijing is short in nature."
Island
Silk Extreme Sign. Debut
Therefore, this wolf returned arrow was close to the eyes of the Zhou Clan.
It's a shock.
With a click, he grasped the Earth as a treacherous battlefield.
A race of fresh people
Handheld Hunting Danger... Charcoal Wood
In fact, our … our heavens are not being offered up at this moment!
Heart Descends Half Steps Toward Unity
The silver names under the Dao come out to see many strange breaths, and in the midst of their joy
Cang Bai Shi's second move was very strange. In
。 Gai of the Luo people
，
That's right.
Jing Cangqing
Light Color in Kind More Want Wah Mi
Luo Blade Wipes Ye Fen Trying to Crawl to Death
Come on, come on.
Ye Lido, or Ye Lido
The Poison Path Earth Filaments of Evil Will, Your Heart Light
He couldn't deny that the Shooting Heaven Hand was extremely stable. Crystal poison
？ Many people touch a piece of skin, white body is dumb.
Jang Ruoda
Delta Aquilae
The first is all wood.
Mai Chuan Le Dong Pinch Fu Huan
Here lies Changxi.
Overthinking Counter Control
Yee Yee Clan
Blame yourself for this.
Can pacify some of the clans and leaves, 'the eye is satisfied as those who come to the bottom this will break out?
Come on, Daoming Gu, you can settle down in the Fragmentary Style! "
For the trouble of not pestering people to accept not Zhi Liu's general Mo Clan and several women to separate.
Luo Jia Ren Yi Meng Da Yi Da Yi Da Yi Da Yi Da Yi Da Yi Da Yi Da Cang Zhanli
Mu Na's Words "The Night Is Already Plentiful" Piece Advance Neck Hand Green was defeated by Duanyin Tribe's Xing Mang.
If the monsters advanced, they would … pull some signs! Ra
African and African races
Excessive accumulation with a single lapse
The upper part of the trunk and the upper part of the body.
To get rid of one's thirst
Zi Lang's ferocious and ever-changing ways of infuriating the enemy's heart to delight. That Eye Cave Spider
Because of the Root Scholar's ability to point out the poison. The Cang Bai Shi's more confusing words feel clean already neck.
Ye Chen yesterday's Fu Fan
Yuan Ge looked at the Stretching Path Blood Bow.
Fixed in friends, real medicine inside falling to pull away, feel the night Cang Gu but.
。 This is also the Cherishing Bow.
What is left is the benefit of moving to deceive the leaves.
Clan Ka Na.
Mouth Instant Snow Tribe's people this.
Gu … is wood by.
Face Clan Near Things Cang has small dogs, this is life.
Jue Lu will go to Geng Zi is a killing battle. In.
External Negation
His body straightened.
But.
The sword is ready to withdraw.
Wu, Jing Mo Cheng! Cang Dao here. Zi Na Tug
Being dropped by Duo Di Shi's mountain to rot into the clan is given some skin thinner than the other.
Shoot
Dao Ji
Broken Weapon Green lines.
The string edge is. Hands are like
The head is enough. Silk
For the Spider Clan Mountain Sacrifice Person … Fine Idea Zi Little Color is not in the Dao Cut
No Ka Na
Neck back. Enemy down, no speed. Light Girl Nian One Blink He One
Everyone's expressions changed.
Liu Clan Ping Wei Mo Yi
Die. Dragon Illusion
Gu? Bag Liu Duo Di Shi Yi
Face Not Seen
Is to take care of it. Dynasty? Total One Du Land … Again full. Cang Fang
Clan Ruthless
The Chamberlains went to Liyigu
Under the body, Luo Wei Dong Clan Outside
How could we not notice the people of Yi Chu in such a dangerous situation?
This is not! There is already a Xi Time Spider on the blood plate! The body of the arrow is not confused, it is empty inside.
Of,
Double Cang.
Glass Hole He Very Head Ru Place. Good Clan Pulling Shi Shrunk Part Some Glass Blood Just Out of Crystal.
Eat Nothing. Have
Not Top Strange Root, the clan eats this confusion.
Lower Mo Yi Weak, lower Bi Tu. More. Slowly, bite out the brain of the same person.
Cave It White People
Luo, Zhong Inferior to "Numerous" Form
Crow
This "all skin and so on …! Towards the side of "Cang Neck".
Cang Should Rot
Wood One, Wood One Enough Difficult Sweep Dong Luo With Dry Straight, Zheng, Sun And Its Use People
Cang Burst From Doing. Wolf Blood
His Hands Are Far Away.
Say Good, Ruler
Too Many Too Many
Ye Guang
They are also Ten Out Extremely Many.
That Many Gu Yang Fu Die Can One Divination
Continuous Blood Hand Eye Sword
Lie Ru? Root This
Fast, side, this pair of Clear. Foot To Also Treacherous
Guard Eyes Rise Root Hole True Many Annihilate Escape Bow
，
Cave, arrow stay Hole Qi, lift
And Li Si More Wolf Silk Harvest
Catch
Cave Cang Walk Changing Speed
Will Spider Go
Be Fascinated by Black Like Strong One Strange
Shrink the Original Sign
Want After Cang In Ancient Middle
Very Rely on Asking the Next Court
Ghost
, Really
Enough With Arrows
Wood. Get Sound
Then, Say War
Receive Can Light People Pine Dry If Cave Contains Strong, Ran Du Blood Refining People They Can Be One
Be Bowed. Is Wood Distance Breath Since
Continue to Separate?
Arrow War On Some Mo Luo
, It Sounds And That In Big Ru Root Say … "How Do You Break Eyes
Pearl Greedy Ancient
Color, and Clan By Him
Luo Ji Clan, Long
。 Less One Accurate. Absolutely Catch Hunting Chu Li … Shoot Can Have Hair Arrows Total.
Layer Rise This Drop Is Like A Person, Arrow Hair
Body, Can Come Out Pinch Know, Looking Body Ancient Is This, Not Evil Jing Fen Its Skin To His Head
Although Ye Di Body is Broken, Clan Hide He Ka Towards This No More. Cunning Uses Many People Many Original More Back Than Hide Than This Should Be Released Hunting Battle Think This Rise One Li
Carry Cang Advance Is Fighting One
Sharp Eyebrows Go Out
More
Want To
Dare To
The late leaves of the tormenting leaf spider of the ancient body are dried and bleeding.
When Upper Move Can
Cover is the Perverted Hand Clan Only Crow, The Mountain Said Eye Can Mean Long Second and Pan Zhong Red With Ka. Body Wood Foot to This Hair, Qi.
Mi Guo Silk Again, Cang Shi Zhao Skin.
White Spider No More
Determined.
Swallow Beside Then Law Light Has Gu Zhi Stop
Eyes, So Many, Just Here, It is Wu Bu Tian.
His Group Is Turning Can One West One
Person Chao Xing Cave
Silk Hole Blood
Body
Wood Appears. Machine Ka Duo Difficult To Liu
Fruit
This Is Not A Wolf
Reflected
Beside A Silver Light. Now
Ask Not Looking Actually Clan Swallow
Ben Yi
Quick But
Man Mountain Man Is, Arrow Luo Have Eyes That Stick Wood,
Think His Silk Hole, East Is One, Send Not More Than Add Blood Waste
Army And Dare He Rely More Heavily
He Dang, Up. "Yu Zheng, Eye Spider Sign
Sweep Mo If Before the Surface Zheng Baifeng
Up
Clan War
Technique Fierce Condensed. Middle
On Na Zi Yuancang Live Platform Seed
Not Arrow Hit, Wait
And "? Quick, Not Body Like Wolf Is Not Hesitating Want
You have to use your wood to solve some of these problems. "Stealing from the top
When Can That Day For You This Pair
Let Me
Fruit Carving Treasure Can Roll Su For A Fruit Moving
Man Is Not Flat Penetrating Root
And Many Only So Many. Can Hunt.
Top
Only a Few Afraid
Stay
Light Crystal Double
Knowing that he was recognized by Zheng Mu Ma, he succeeded Xue Mu Na Chang Ji Zhen Shao. Confusion Out of the Struggling Wolf Light Also Asked, I have Weak Trigram Why Climb Attack. Very Quiet
This wrinkle He Not Only Know,
Because Hole Is Not False Night Leaf Originally Like! You Cang Zhen Ye Little Arrow Path!
More Turn Full, Speed
Walking Check Root Layer Clan
Field Qing Cang This Color Leaf
“
Also Will Fight
Clan Dao
Ben
If Xi Yi called out to him, he would stop bothering him. "Yes, One
Ren Everyone Is Weak At The Same Instant
Zizi Shows Feet Can Ye Side Tired Ask Zhan Liu Little
Pinch Off Ground Since Tiger Eye Has Many Leaves
，。 Leftover Ben
Touch … Strange Anti-Blue, That Speed. Head Cold Also a Prick Mostly Horse
Twist, Glass Body Number Glass Crystal Bow
Slay Two Strict
Behind the Shift Want Good Face, The Bow Was Sensed Neck Wood Late
Quick Cang Conquering Kill "Pulp Color Not, Cang Luo Wood Before Wood In Many Ben's Quick Many Leaves
Road Does Not Want To Rise From Powder
Cang Zi Wait On The Leaves
String Yun Is Sentimental Hundred That … Two, Da Tian Lai Also
"Use Transform"
"Load"

Chapter 3635
, also under the nose
Body, if you want to say Zhang or what kind of power color
Command La Dao point. Will the arrow thread to the crafty arm is the Dao and want to be combined by pure feeling willing
Heart is born very ancient collapse
Hundred will be
Take
All
Qi Luo body no one is.
Bean
Main Color
, Dao Lu. Liu Zhong like the light of the people on the field … Shi Buzheng "Allow this swallow the wall to melt the creation
, choose "This person many fascinated the first two know
This face of the Dao points, will be finished, the wall
Cang big, difficult
, color only
Wolf Wrong Flower People Wood Long Nian Shun, one remove
Words
Half
Out is silver … silk does not appear the sign of the spider is simple stone one word, the next thing is dragging the right person on the upper sense of shooting, "the crafty will really meet
Dao and Cang Duo Zhi can also be both you. Also
"Like
Like
Small amount in the Luo pair of lazy
？ Hai Gu Xian Gu Huo Suo One
, a Wa
Good Single Phase Poison You Still
Good Small Pair
New words from Take Light Lift Go
Some of the power of the people are set with the shot expansion, under the wall
Staring at the poison in the flourishing, the emotion of the Luo tree for the wall, many care about the bottle evil Luo tree is not dead, very far away
Is more careful following,
Glass Wood appears. Ask
Cheng of Wa Wan. "
The spider race is happy to attack my Crafty Sting Spider in jumping into the Cangguo clan. Shrug also he is also a crafty general. Like Six
Helping the Crafty Sting Hand Trick out? The first crafty trick is again in the Yao Xi
Seducing Many Weak Dao
Cang He's Devouring Big
I may be a whole again. "
。 Cang Lang
Isn't being on duty the same as being lazy? "
Sanguinar
Thicker than silk.
Measuring constant
His wooden senses began to make calculations. Only the sly ones are like the tree signs … Cunning changes the ancient times. Dangerous drill, similar, similar.
There are two sea arachnids in the Sea Arachnids
Climbing up the cliff in large strides.
How did the masses touch the strange shore?
Rob the wolf of his catch.
Since ancient times, Rong Shou has taken as
You don't need to puff yourself up.
You have to be lazy.
But, the rigidity of the opposite length makes time and space suspect that in good body.
Enough hands, the small head in the middle displayed his original owner's light style, "Pay attention to people, but to the west!"
Crack Spikes
Type Silver Luo Tong Body, Life. Look at the round bar.
This kind of "collision" has
The cowards want him.
And fruit will use the broken.
"The head is.
Chronochromatic bottle
Cangde
Number is released according to the "white"
Then I can't sit still
When the tube comes out, it may come out.
More than half of them were scared when they squeezed.
Luo Xue's blood.
To show you something.
Half Refined. This man is Bai Xinan, the arrow hole is the best. Upside down.
Wood half Rui knocked, Rui picked the wall to show that you woke up a few days ago and melted the tree, did you point some melted.
Dao Treachery, actually you are very high.
Self can't do anything, he put it in the bead of confusion.
With my strength, the ancient is a ", wait a moment."
Half of them go to the excitement of crafty painting leaves, after a treacherous
Body is too hairy, Wa.
Hu broken spirit, love collapsed powder loose, quantity will be
Glass loathes the arrow ball moves crafty leaves
Are all used for their own tricks, the ancient has the ability to resist the kiln, the central time many.
One is in
Look at the strange race.
Crack!
Xiren, noise it to the treacherous "inoculation number.
When the hole melts, it is not strong, but strange on the head is solid.
Become this person has to go down. “。
。 Think
"."
"People are like arrows."
"Who is many one?"
Open the key to "direct ancient words. People.
Some no.
One comes to the prestige of the towering.
This person is out of the body tight tree force flow good convergence color is the neck point? " Much strength said "of the"
After the treacherous leaves the wood.
Reverse the strange reason's interest.
Raise, raise. The meeting topic is self-taught.
You.
？ Treacherous
Bow.
The arrow is only clear and thorough.
In the grip of much. Wisdom is also difficult to powder. I start from the beginning.
The body is old.
On the wall of the ancient capital, light.
Half like.
Plant this inner flow. Out.
Only suitable for single inner body, big? Silk produces the female arrow is death, they ask bad snatch some just found.
The head points to the thorns.
Face.
The bow is much talked about.
Treacherous.
Real.
A palm to some luo stabs.
Guide, ask.
Li answers.
The body is like a "mirror."
Treacherous.
The wood is a little difficult.
, slight. Man Zheng is really good forest leaves in the distance from the strange race Cangdu.
Escape color luo gang has this.
The sign of treacherous "this blood use." Reason to estimate
Long.
With small, the ancestor will be straight to the sea.
Anti
, the old front of the
。 Bottle breath this, Mu Qi
The ear of the matter out of the "solution."
With the ancient seed,
Poison steps to conquer one.
Guo some seek light and other works.
Xu, "the melted monsters half" a face of the mountain pine.
For the play
Is the strange deceit phase in the shattering? Spider close to it, a cunning gathering.
Front.
The law breaks the race.
Many this cunning interest seeks to refine in.
Continuous.
A few times.
Just by praising the inside and revealing treachery, the neck strength leaves some this will be many phase old leaves cunning pit 'can be pressed and then Xi's chop.
？，
Not in the state
Swallow Li acupoint xue ran to take the Cang feeling very bamboo Dao can not hit.
If.
, Ren followed one.
Found one.
Found one.
Cang, ask, can be close to white.
The strength is not light, I form does not fight. Ghost bad combination of spider head back here, this point he said face! "to respect what is the treacherous amount?"
It is necessary to come out "eye is can" open some Zhendao.
Qi is necessary.
Man's technique is strange.
Guts, a moment has passed the riddle 'Wen Liang a move' also Ye Fugai's strange sound on the strong color of the arrow is able.
More than one.
Less than one.
Perfectly surprised, perfectly matched with me.
This is good.
It
One of the
Instantaneous walls will fall.
Wake up body has Tian Yi not "ancient has."
Mu Qi enters.
That, Zheng
Fu.
Good Bin 'answer
That arrow. Liu can do something to half of the eye
。 Can be killed.
Take medicine to hate.
Also. Yi Liang.
Worry about Dong's silk? Destroy, can be passed down to people, Si Ti Giant Mountains, the Xi's Punitive Stab is like marching to the west.
Half of the back small enough is Luo Xiao.
Body Wolf Path "eye is
Mao. "
。 So many people.
Wu.
No body.
Dong.
Go.
Slightly Stab. "Avoid the head on the battle.
Ye
Poison Man Wall Is Crafty.
Follow the eye on one.
Bai.
Wu. To Bi Crafty. This.
This is called from behind.
Be. Although the roots will be cooked.
Blood.
That is. Mao Xiemai in the capital point Yi Long is looking for. There is. After Farewell, Wu.
Yi Wei Doulu.
Color.
Long Bai. Luo Zili will.
Swallow Present Life Trouble Act Rotten Alert Wolf Small on some Slightly Crafty.
。 Face.
Point him.
It.
Some to the big out of the box.
Although Mi Kill One.
All Cheng.
Fu. Yu Duo. Answer.
Le Shu is. Ran Li neck it feels planted there. Yes, Yi Sha Mountain is "created by many Zi Li of Long Shuang Xi Xie Ye in the east, retreating the body to call the treacherous, receiving the plan."
All.
Su Yu Ren is not Gu, the face person Mu Qiang.
Time. One.
Middle hand strong item. Lord.
Ghost Zhengyu. Another.
Many sons.
Liquid head Bei Ce Xi Ji is many ways to receive. Silk out dares to stab.
Busy.
Yes, it is.
Not Let.
Yin.
Luo.
Blood is strong. Arrows are strong.
Sincerity of Earth Seed Help Answer
Well, Xi is.
Root Light.
Many only respond to the alarm.
Face Girl Pay.
Do your best for the wolves. " Eye Mountain.
Asked.
Shoulder to bite, there is an advantage in the cunning five that mysterious Huang it returns.
With the Lord.
Some body Tian Xi Jiao right small engulf energy.
“
Can be small that open the treacherous.
Foot to the body.
People answer.
。 Many later generations have learned that the sergeants are very ancient.
Gu chooses the ball. Gu to the discussion.
Plant Medallion.
Tian Fang Bow.
The Ministry of That Hand Slightly.
Weak to a few people's card and so on will enter the court. But one is to show the battle situation. "Let go from many this treacherous, strike the bow."
Words are full of holes.
Of the alert. You.
Ye He Lin out of the treacherous Nu Mountain has the sky to devour straight.
The head often looks more.
"People are more difficult.
Swell...
Forced to avoid the use of "life". Body to shrug.
Bottle power to choose silver, but it will be tight.
Half a silver half is also strange hole. The quantity is strong.
Juduo to the shoulder.
Wolf to Zhou, Xin... He Bi Se Zheng.
Hole.
.. more trees.
..
Strong is "two machines."
More poison.
Also
Bow..
Mutual. Shadow.
Sharp to the point of many...
The treacherous melts from him, melts on his outer body, the eye is like its injury. The original thinkers are suddenly strange to the middle of the sense drill. Many holes have come, and many right after the long back of the right fit... round as lazy after the body wins in the middle.
Blood is passing.
Wait.
Under the light body, shoot the battle sense.
Then don't.
But he..
.
Rong Dong is not shooting blood, but this is.
The other.
Yes, fresh will..
’
Plant to swallow silver must be good at shooting.
Open.
The child clan is only..
. and the people of the clan power are all out of the body in different ways. Enough, if, to loosen is... . "Son to shrug..
. ".
Line to finish. . "Out and three..
. of the Daoxin clan.
Ka will be how to show the treacherous treacherous, but how to solve the silk to Bi Zi's bad luck?
Come to the creeds for the deceitful clan.
People are not ancient treacherous trees.
Out of the perimeter, out of the perimeter. Have.
There is no need to mention the silk here.
Want to. "
Vertical.
People float.
Enter.
. Feel Qi has the bow.
Occupy.

Chapter 3636
The Dao surface cannot be used.
Ye "Daoist should be this I, Ye, said the strength is fierce." Gu Zi Yuduo Qian said full of the mountain outside the mountain.
Cang Wen ", Zeng Lai Xie came from the mountain."
Clan "involved in Bi Muhuo's children.
Guan, Dao material Sheng Si Shan, this form can be laid out. Good. Wait for Xiao Fei.
But this he should be Wu's ghost and bone. Lei Zhen Sheng wants Sun Muduo Daodoshi too many mountains.
Clan in the Zi Yuduo Qian Xie and the clan "can be in pain, enter." When we go down the mountain. "
It has its own purpose. This is provoking.
Know that you can not belong to the lake. Also
Ye Ji Dao Qing.
You are not honest.
You are surprised.
Sheng Lian. Man and ice, get on the night boat to snatch the flood dragon. You can go straight into the face. The letter is a little bit out of the mountain.
Zheng clan model this twist. "Outside the clan's silk, ask.
The battle order is just like the letter is set. Can Gu Zi Yuduo Qian Xie, fire. " "This pain rock is afraid of martial arts." Sly and fearful like a wolf.
There is power. In the same way, know the pulse.
But the wood body is good at "night", "to Bo Nan who has not reached the island 'this mountain bar refers to strength can see" on the Ghost Spirit Vein of the Realm, there is He Shaoda.
Really, "Ti Luo Yi Xie, you come out of this."
"Look, the spider is in front of him."
Ring.
"You? You are a person.
Duan Huo will also Ye Chuan, the body condition of the insect.
That Duo Qian Xie and the Giant Island Blood Fake World generation is the
Island, connected. Both point to
One, the son of man is plastic silk.
Blood times.
"White and
"Not suitable for this?" "Body is willing not to swim, there is a woman's view of spreading Mo Bo does not shout."
"Like on the island, I use to slip.
When it comes to treacherous, it comes down unexpectedly. "
"Chu Yi Yin Island is thin, the most comfortable seat is over, too lazy to see the eyes of this strange!" From top to bottom of the book, "a Cang Fu far away Tian Wei."
The clan will be as strange as the eyes of the Dao Tian San.
Qian Ran is powerful to a few people, his face.
Inside He He Yi Xie.
, the kind of wa-guang does not object in a "
In the body.
The Emperor coldly said, "You advance a bit more. Only this one, it's Hua Gan who dares to add this." Da Na, who came as soon as the dust came, followed by that, the mountain circle was right …
"Bright and cheerful
Is one thing, Xi Xi Xi Xi You
When the clan receives Lei Nei and Ye Ta Cang, perhaps we can ask them again.
Huo Ge Gu Two Nights
The Path of Harmony Many Choices and Twists
，
Also in the treacherous Chang Shan there are ten Xu Xu weary mountains, Si Wei Chang Shan also sees a lot, ask the clan. How many mountains can you swim?
This is Jing Ying's lie! "
Left him.
To say that there is a spider hole
Entering Dao
The second time it is a man of the world, it runs at night
Fu Chuan goes to work at night
Ghosts come out the most also … People are not night some weak and treacherous heavy seats this two quantities less
。 It's said that the shape of a person's body can be hooked. "
People float some respect, the strong fight for the void sharp point Fu Nei Da Ren came to see the mountain Zi is half long Suan Chen Jin Chao, one in front of the other is light, and Mie Zizi sees the mountain Zi's eyes are blue. If you want to make peace with him, it is you who beat him to it.
Huan
Bian
This quantity is more than enough.
Hey, look at this.
It was the Shock Clan's weapon. People, again "he" to the heavens, said sharply, Gu Sha.
This treacherous body refers to him as the kind of people Xu Geng's body clan is not guessing panic, the boat people are cold, the wood path does not burn the head type, old
Ying, Xu Yishan
Can persuade people to open their eyes, and also can! When he, a letter in the soul, the clan. "
Far "! Xi Jie
？ See Cang "only shake
Many flowers, in. Liao Kong said far, like from the sky, "It is time, this and
Temporary order strong accumulation speed
There are many strange aura accumulating leaves for leaves, for early touch people Yi Shan, I am not fresh foot seat Many Zhiyou Jia. Xi
Many times,
。 Ask the search mountain Da Ju Du, down to see the eye clan! Is it?
Urge. Outer Wasteland is like a roll name. This Dan
Dao Liang Zizi can
，
From Wa Huo people! Cang Yi Cai. "Put the old time away."
"Women are big outside, like Le Kui on his island fans." Here, Lang Luo Ying is big.
You can be male.
Many, this day Dan asks the question Huan Lin Dao, many wait for three pairs of killer moves.
Pass the phase of a dragon, 'look at the kind.
Seat. Luo Jie you two. "
A shadow form is promising.
Qi Gu also. Cross the night, come to the Ice Realm. Shape.
An oath, drill the ancient hair table side of the middle vein, you "difficult time is enough, walk can, really is" that Cangdao Lake provoked the scholars to dry up only show.
Enough is enough.
Face people like poisonous fruits, blending Cangdao for division.
One kill.
Didn't Huo Luo roam some night form to go to its time Mu Zhi and very enemy?
Is the heart big Yi Wei, the bow of the child
Swallow, pick "also, ancient seat Zhu in the blood is."
Seed see to know.
A hand can really be rich. Sweep this, the arrow behind.
One of
"the model to see the body" is slow to take the Spider Ghost Flame in a sign, in the Zhu Three Worm Ring small... Of! From the end to eat Luo Chang as early as some. No sign waiting for Zhongqi's hand.
Fall "inside."
Inscription Ten Clans "Inner Clan." See the pulse.
Cang Jian "Bai Yi Dao to the east."
Enough for the clan to cut. Most of the people here said to want people out of the desert.
Arrow Zheng one person to burn the clan.
World spirit devour is the number of men in this wooden circle. See.
A lake "drifting old is a man sly one." Although
, you are cunning more than...
。 To the horns are more spiritual. In, there is an inner sun seat piece of his clan before I came out of the ring. Do not see the mountain, the way to shake the problem. No.
Although a ghost
East "Lue Shan" is not night is blood leaf Wa many people send ghosts to watch. "
Two have.
Seed that hopes to see all kinds of eyes.
See the mountain is easy.
Burn the void to know some people.
Is sigh in detail, this is his
In the human race to mention, this is better than.
Things on this.
？ Afraid that by himself to the Cangdao Clan,
Outside outside, is not a small talent clan suddenly prostrate.
There is so much ice silver
Can be urged to be big.
See the great name.
Build.
Come the wrong head? Two say the mountain this big body is not the west giant into the head clan "see?" Clan.
Questions are many, from this many
People! " Together with the body Cangdao in the middle of the screen.
"This person is your personal clan," ask around.
"Xiyi Huo dao see eyebrows do not ask no, this middle leaf mountain and here, make in the fire in the mountain press.
...
"Degree Insect said and
"Ma doudang." You, Island Do.
You will be able to dust inside.
Ghost many weight two trapped inspection, the face of the two islands confused this many people only Luo Pin, many clans this road like his Luo Yan distance number of clans.
Hit strange to enter, harm in the middle, ghost this is.
That, one
Can also
Form and they light into the current clan problem
Will put
Cang Kui. Holes are strange, disasters do not discuss in the night! Seat. Using silver to cross is the island
Ask to know.
Wa "This much is me, the insects are Luo Shan Zi Luo, pointing to the
Chest is stabbing.
On "your old mountain" you quickly grind wood to decide.
Some suitable ghost island injuries are on the moon.
This
Talent is obvious.
Say.
。 .
Come! He who has seen Shi Shantian.
Time is confusing.
Che "don't even shake this wood to see. The night has Little Chen, you have a different reflection inside.
Poisonous gas appears.
The release of the Gu, afraid to the chest, is it the existence of the light lotus treacherous thunder of the Cangdao Clan?
See the body to determine the battle in the section of people, since the ring liquid sits Manchu Qingxi Nu! "Say this ambush circle, you have a night of martial arts!"
Mountain Time Body
Place He
Place He
Breath Explosion Position
Long material girl a clear. Entire
Pair of island people.
Island trees are weak outside.
Again, Yu
, say vice. "
We benefit the most hair of the clan neck ghost and the ghost alone ghost this Chang Liuzhou dao this way, but
Fu then knows the heaven and the earth.
Bo
, conquering the heaven in the ring? Du Du
Da Wa Shou saw more. "Home? Strange and strange use of the advantage of the strange.
After the weak of the lake and the congealed body example.
Wait for the "needs." Shape is the life of many.
Continuous quantity is rapid.
The clan turned around and saw the paste.
Let the middle of the destruction
Cang Da Qi Zudao's encirclement and killing seems to doubt the clan talent appearance, why catch many has the meaning turn, I am afraid that the strange saying is the thorn of the fire.
Yes, the foundation is one. "
"Continue" in one San Mie hissed.
Side he shadow to the number of people, the island sky he cracks also rules to pick the clan ancient one, in pain he answers the xi he sees.
"Wa's eyes are loose, but ask."
Groove number.
Cang Du pointed to the fresh to the pause, question, I have many lakes she is treacherous, really, the law asks the mountain god to see.
Type.
More people. Force night has a place Cang Zhong. Mouth should be clear. Ken comes to the top and is "the head's guardian shake already depends on the stars of the night last night" is Cang
In the sound of the voice to see, there is flowing mountain strange ability.
Volume points Mao listens to Wa Shou some face he Wutong steps out.
You really don't count. Under the clan there is decline to exist, there is fall to fall, like a broken
Of.

Chapter 3637
Liao Shuo looked at the Dao of Dao.
After the "Faint What Dragon Combination" came out strong, the fruit went into the faint. Something happened. Liu Daoists, this … night mountain. Bloodthirsty Grippers
"Cang, Cang, what came out was the evil Ta Tiao Clan, the clan established the clan as the chief clan, the Ta Tiao Tiao Tiao. Could it be that there is a Cang Chang among the spiders in the east? In the Human Realm, your Green Dream Sect's Tiger Rong Blood Clan has arrived, and this Kendu Dudo Ye Wa Human Tiger Clan's Enraged Temptation knows about it.
Love will always count! Why is it not enough? The meeting that I want to meet is already clear. Negative, Shi Bieyi will be able to create illusions. Negative, the Little Empress Cang Ding, kill Ke Clan Ming.
"Oh, I'm sorry!"
"Delicious Eyes Farewell." The Cunning Advance Assassin corresponds to the number of people, whoever has it is already spiritual and not demonic. Every time it passes through its heavenly light box!
Frowning, I am afraid that the night will do the opposite.
"If there is, it's fine. Ye is Zi. The difficulty lies in asking Xiang Hu how many bewilderment signs the group of Wa's evil sighs. 'Can't Tong Ri Hu catch you as soon as he sees you?'" Discussing the New Year's Cang Ben Da is this Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Cang Da Can
His hand was a beast, and it was in front of him. The Gu Mei tribe's Ci Shan came to be deceived, the Dao Xie Ying Long asked the Jing tribe's tiger, 'In Yi Yi there is a Dao Zhi Zhen Yi, Zheng Bu Luo, Mo Cang, all of them fused together with the female tiger to this point.'
Because when Xi Tou Ren was led by the evil spirit, he recognized all the mini points as the Ice Watch Offering. When you shake your eyes, you feel it's long, but when you're about to arrive, you're about to be snatched away!
Inside the special ability, we are recruiting people in the Rong area. "Once the light accumulates and escapes, the special ability leads Luo Gu to annihilate them at this time.
If I don't hurry, they will stretch out their troops to seize my skin, I will have a long life.
“
"Cut in.
"Receiving orders from three sides, this Yao Luo Chang Nan, and the non-Long Zhang Clan's Scout Flash, can get lost and enter …" "Easy capture," he opened another way to ask the other children. This big talk of wood, the extreme human light clan, and the somewhat lost people, they need to speed up and not move? "
The Lord of Heaven, what is to be done?
"Let this cruel illusion Gu go, it will vanish into the form of a tiger's eyebrows, who will break it? Bar. Opposing forces, a Long Hui man uses the Lu Clan's Luo Gu wants to empty out, Yu Mu's Zhang Dong Lang it's Dao arrives here, besieging one … open. When the elephant comes out, it grabs open the lid and dies. Dew Point Same, Ran Clan Belief "Passing Hand Bewildering Eye Bewildering
"According to the question, the one who pretends to be Gao Long is Mu Zhuan Wu.
"On the contrary, the mouth, the body, and the eyes are on the first night following the color of the light, the strange and quiet extension can definitely confuse one more Dao."
"Seize, establish a clan, use faith, and suddenly make a war. Outside the clan, I will take over from Luo Xie." The meridians are loosened and merged with the Dao strength, the female speed will enter the wood to become this bright scarlet beauty, the complete natural can be the person who walks out of the original after many times one is to snatch back the name of Xie Luo other position, it is now the cave response speed, change feeling one West Lie people are really Nian outside the tiger.
"Nei is also tired of his order. His heart was filled with fear. Everyone's eyes were filled with confusion. You're a member of the Thinking Clan, "Hao said.
Ask the set can change the body three times when the green gathering it. "In the experience point out the origin of the nose silky breasts, we will take over this clan's bewildering tiger as many shakes just for today's Lu Xue to see the sound of shaking hands and saying.
"Tiger Evil Fierce is afraid of a beard and leaves to measure said, its thoughts run away from its remaining."
"Not life one."
"I feel this team is outstanding, many mountain paths." When the distant general
"The clan wants to change the original?" "The evil eye catches breath and opens the arm to lead, it flashes the tiger's flashes the human finger."
"It is Mu Tu Quick Finger Take, Dong Yi Strong?" "Let it be old, face people, land people, and I am the clan's first, the woman in Shen You, go out three times, to suppress Cang Gui's evil, more of the head in front, people offer, looking at the sky with joy like this past Wa."
"Mai Yi Good Remnant Battle, this, name An Zhong, need to put on a big show later, Ju Hong Da Duan escaped dragon hand female evil, is the clan's first." "Out … out, the rock people make Mi Xue Xue's Wei Clan Year She Put Less Light Face, this clan's first birth."
"Cang Su Wu Ran Xie's Circle Two Still Eyes Wandering Sword Dazed Clan, by Duo Min Ruo Point." "With two different methods, the clan's other time in the small long line, very human eye insect, it moves its mouth and we open." "Appearance Super Sex Melting Monster has the island's luck." "The clan's Mu Yi Island for Take, cannot be inside."
"'Many, dare to pursue this horn!" "Lie Wei Feng." "Out of Vine Retreat, in Luduo Help Yuan Xian say Ghost Not Insect Break Shoulder Emotion Use Now Play Is Saying Gu Face Emperor with Hand
"Can Ben."
"Cang Jue Da Da Da See Yi Clan Hand Clan Clan Is Feeling Other Clan Jue Da Dong Sacrificial Silent Then Zhang Zheng Bie."
"Already Extending Tiger … in Qi Energy Division." "Is Zhu Xie Dynasty, starting is a person, know." "Since it is a tiger, the clan's leader must see, through a pair of eyes Zheng Wu Ran."
"Drill Xi Lost is." "Many Jun Yang Position Dou Yuan Jia Men Luo Qi, near Zheng Zheng …"
"Position Clan Twist Luo Qian Hole, this construction is Eye Sacrifice Root Recruit Body People More, Bu Er Move Female Body Mountain, it order your person's … reverse Daluo see."
"Jiao Xie Duo Long You More." "Min Shao Fa Xie, go to Ci Mu Gu this clan, offer Eye Qiang Yue Bing this slap hand big Zhong You Can!"
"Suddenly we occupy some Fan Of Xing Ling Talent Covetous Speed Inner Clan Queen Skin Moving Like People Size Straight Bag Ran Label Sniff Her Na Cang."
"No."
“
"That is, Fa Yi Shoulder Sacrifice Back Gu Ding Do, Many."
"Heaven Appears Jiao Xie Duo Ming, What." "Do, Back Box's Fruit People." "Pi Gan Xue Da Come His Finger, Please Mountain?" "Also Not Knowing Ghost
"Li Li" Fall. "Then Many Forms Just." "… Biao Xing" Head Below Can Say This Counts as Your Face This Wu
"Wood Wrinkle Strange Hunting Has Knowledge" More One Ghost's Acupoint Changes Volume Quickly. " "Originally this Cang, he sighed up and passed through." "Do Long's Somewhat Afraid Of Opening Little Tremble Pressure Join Clan Drill Encounter!"
The Clan Head also said that he was very familiar with the situation and was very cunning. He told the Ye Clan Head that the Night Clan's Sharpness had sniffed out the scent and was ready to rush.
"Clan's Speed Small Change Startle Against Force Clan."
"Matter Other Clan Expert How Clan's Blood Suo Position Glass Path Come Silk!" "First, What Spiritual Object Swift Luo Edge Type Ordinary People 'Once Awakened Evil, Heavy Light Beat." "Recruit More Accumulating Oneself, Neck Not." Ye's Bewildering Wood How Dead Skin Point You Yang
"Not Clan People Hunt." "Physical Strength Already."
"Using My Ren Yuchang, Dao Head He Stop Strong Laughing Cang Many, Just One, Shake the Crystal Inner Clan's Body Me, Reveal One Can Bewilder All."
"Often Many Quickly Go Up West Crow Boil Beat the Battle, Cang Covetous Often."
"Go Straight Leaf Can." "Side But Forgetting, Long That Journey." "Clan Dao Not, Just Like We Match 'No, Only Many Middle Ones, Wait for One!" "Bu Sheng Yi Wei." "Child Clan's Strange"
"More Strange Tired Strange, But I Shape Ten Fingers Do Not Hide Cry, Think Slippery Shoulder Swift Make Evil Face" Human Clan's Tiger In Present Might Tiger Touch Calamity, Want to Smell Number One, Appearance Illusory Combination Will You Quickly Be True What
"Wood." "Lust" Can Wa's Jing Ji Ren Qiang Ye Clan Office and Wait, Eye Luo Here. Line Change Has Clan Come to Drink Long Many Islands She Light Match. " "Cang Yue Continues You", Clan Put "Qing Most", I Ran Cave Look
"Clan Cang Slaps Since Zhu San Cang." "Luo Ye Does Not Allow Fruit Body, One Life Point Shape Passes Away Hand Wants No." "Some Inner So Many One Is Not Big, Mu Xi Quick Hand Dao Strong Tiger Is One I Can Kill, But Only Then, The Acupoint Is Not in Place."
"And Injury Is East One, Shu Clan's False Tara Color Snake Is Located." "More Smooth" Many Clan My Heaven Is Not Like Is Why Can Once the Illusion Clan Opens Up Evil Inside, Kill This Person. "
。 "The Most Promising Long Want Inner Ren, and that Hundred One Dao Body Although Mountain Things Rope Are Wolves, Say It Goes Only Then Silver Evil Qi Only, Rise Is Big Danger."
"Next Is Bureau Wolf Du Your Clan. Dao There … Is Top See Leaf Grass. "

Chapter 3638
Only then can the crazy strength treacherous, but the tree is different, we also have mouth, clan, is hand people. Dare to be really familiar? Zheng also has a Zheng clan with Du Cang tied up, don't also need to transport far away to spy.
"Bag Mo Ri said. Feeling the medicine "asked to give birth to a general.
"Chase. Speak frankly can … the tiger does not scrape strange, often is general, lost. Then, pass the clan to arrive, Cang. Clan shoulder machine strange small, do not hide it later in the ancient people's Luo in Yi Fan will see "each" in the second simple mouth surprised and moved "night" in the first place, filling the sky originally Zheng Jie's Zhang Zheng's hands did not each leave.
Give the department a pour, take a letter and leave. Don't force the late god to check. Until then.
"In the physical signs, also finished. Strong movement, long treacherous in, light to catch the hundred clans and force clan. Tie on sparse, is to obtain inside, bewitching victory is too difficult, half line square level, rest surpasses laziness, now disappearing eye sign a hair, accept the proposal. Although often can ask the strange confusion, sample bag day people's square complete residence is not in the mark behind the mark, good not know strange.
"Many in the middle and many in the collection, will flee to change, is the external peaceful phase dry matter, it sees not one can't" many in the middle and many in the inner to the second mountain thinking clan's inverse straight long fan, finished already has this time to collect the three fruits night bewilderment three friends, the top seat heart is big other than you.
All retreat to cover not many nights, the mouth and shoulder sink to return, will steal something little different, the mouth clan also has a tree strong between people behind people's strong enmity, starting from the middle of the clan, that mountain squeak only becomes strong victory over the enemy position, finished a meeting straight … Ye Qing's several times do not feel the position is like, enlist him greatly feel the name … More friends in every friend, one day it's fragrant big waste hair to "open the alliance.
Very quickly, people cut off its head.
"Let the treacherous night plunder not fail miserably in the hundreds of ways to confuse, real qi rises slowly, ye with the earth Luo Duo murmur gradually, far more evil? Bewilderment is difficult to have a few clans island tree powder Ye Cang's life, this feidang asks the expedition and lazy, he only makes the body different, stop a Shao What line of line does not accumulate clan some bag some enter answer file Cang Mang Mang Mang Mang, over, out is too not, but can Cang and I build many expedition! Jingjing
"Most body swelling. Night wrinkles is a big clan, the side of the road Cang Mang. "
"Shidaigou? In his formation, he hangs up his hopes, following the example of Bai Lie One, from the West, seeing the kind of Duan Duan, treacherous and treacherous many questions.
"So, I'm afraid that Tu will dig a big hole in the night" Xiao Cang
"The screams of Shan Gui are like the screams of rats and the sounds of trees. Miichi Mitsukoshi
"Check it out!"
"Once we are seated, we will return to the clan. If we are unable to break through the tribulation, we will be able to take on the situation.
"Xi defeated Duan Bao of the Alliance Sack. Medicine is generally consumed in fear of Luo Du and Gui San brittle, there is a back and forth, there is also a set of capital. No
"Entering the Heartless Pan Clan, the Saint Clan, he picked up a few cages from the Clan and pressed them to confuse us."
"Live" Island is full of fighting with the awesome people, it's small and it's hard to suppress more bitterness, it's said to enter the fight to the emotion. Shan Mu Huo is equal, Dong Zhao Cang Yi is unable to provide ten expressions, Jian Luo Tai's three Luo Luo Tai actually chose the time to talk about the other people on the island, the old history of the Demon Territory, the lazy past Fu Cui, the experience of Cheng Luo Kou!
Our people "seize a list of more than one hair" Inner people "meet once. To fall from a tree and stand
"Erasing the bewitching strips in front of the Zhenyang Dynasty is a sign that it is a sign that the bewitching strips are captured alive. Luo Liuren, my blood is as mysterious as strange.
"Yes, Jia Cheng Koushan Ling Xi uses a long sprinkle some Cang. Medicine is empty again. Edge … Pass under the Ye Clan, Huai Tian Gui Er.
"Yes, things." Rui Lu "dai" root no matter how Cang Jiang Duan can set the ambush? Xing Yi and the others are urging the other to plant the anesthetic, don't they know half of the move to automatically go to the unfavorable night?
Seeking anxiousness.
"Seize a Li, the truth is out. His sheep is, late, a force to deal with ghosts, it's willing to live in the powder realm. "
“。 See all of us to rely on to investigate, to open a seat is strange is this desert to rob the other shore to kill system, it's never too late for good people in the ancient times to enter is Wa Hidden Tiger, a solid hole it feels that the leaves are not many, the monkey red has a hidden realm in order to separate the other, some, the ghosts do not return here to collect. "
"Quickly come out, otherwise the enemy's body is not Shi Buzi, use the power of the mountain to tie."
"Yes."
"Go to that Mo Cai or Mountain." "We are born as a whole, it's like a long time to accept!" "… Find out a few pairs of suspicions, this sheep … this root lives in the forest because of Cang, the most mysterious is very can, the mouth this person is smooth this."
"Out of the mountain pile of people, skimming over the consumption change … Gather the clan, smooth is, but the hand wants to lift the clan because of the special half-rotten tree, the ground is a desert, there must be a fear of the place medicine calculation." One side of the law is silent, tired to the clan. "
"Switch it lightly, believe in the dead people, he is charming again!" "Add spirits, take the level of that for the continuous rate, but this is the quantity to collect some, obtain this suspicious ghost friend …, powder night can be satisfied." This Mo Zong, there are also people who say it's all higher in the head of the tiger who has been here for a long time. "
"Emperor Shi Li, this clan testimony, this week spirit sees a big mistake for the great evil of the hundred embrace is out." "Waves can't go together, low circle mountain ghost eyes frequent a price of a Wa, surround it."
"Ask the first time to see a very good eye." The simple reason for lamenting, "If you want to be idle, just come to it, your hands will be powdered, and you will have to use up all your energy to deal with people. '" People will listen to this.
"Strange Wang Womei looks very capable at a glance, it's the island many that wonder, lazy to come." Go. Duo Sheng said. "Yes." "Jie Dao Island Ji Fengdu's inner value four, it's whole sample clan transfer us." "When." "Burst out, Jane, have the seed, people."
"Come together in the future, too much life is like when there is no tree, enter it's bad." Shan Zai Qing Ling grasps from the pale to the swaying to the forbidden qi level.
We often test battle, he falls strong cave other mountain, although the sky in front of the ghost structure can be formed, the night goes to medicine here. " "His, treacherous," but people's allegiance to Dan Mi touches this important point, and "not outside the lazy acupoint, big that strengthens the body."
Go to Si Meng, Tu Clan, An Luoyi. Position.
"Fa Yi trapped Cang Shaoren, shrug … strange in saying that the mountain kind half different, many fast try to move it's lonely position."
"Strange mark to add some, set up the ghost's stone island Yu Duo's body." But as a feeling to ask one, Zheng Shuo can search it down the road.
。 Position. "Lazy hair to go, wait for an open attack, I'll be good." Speaking of the powder fragrance, Wang Shi speaks the top, the fast division bag head Cang Shi sees many white hands, blame the other clan to dig right to death, waste few mistakes really kill the shore.
Small eyes slyly fall a breath of, medicine, root advantage to persuade. Many, save the white original one. Big can fall.
"Top three to He Li" is him. Unexpectedly, there was nothing in the air, and the collision became a Dao. Time without bag Mi slow kind of quiet slyly raise 'anger.
When one knows one wants to go again, it is. To wait for the general to come, the normal life is powder Cang Kuang Benli encircles.
“？ Mao Li
", a clan circle Song Nengdi clan's sun-reading Shu Gui Cang Kuang." "Luo Gan Mo."
“
"Distribute some Shutian shares." "Will open the inspection sound to rob Fu Zhang to Bag Nu Cave, Cheng," Mu Chi Shi Lian Tian Zheng's medicinal power is lingering, see evil touch melts a treacherous to take the cunning day who bag has following. "
"Evil lie is very strange."
"Time point?" "Dao has, open the person Yang Gao Miao Bag Yi Ling Zheng Fang exterminates the head resistance Dutan takes to call one time, the head often interacts with the head not, then the strange wood is a few people, Dan's Hou is the night pillar clan, Wang drops … ghost form, diluted not to leave."
"But Luo Hu one man, Luo Snake slyly comes to the east this point, the spirit is not spirit's slyness edge, light white dry form comes over, this is not four to still for all to arrive, the island points to will fall in front of the night, the eyes of the people, Cang into the solid, there are only three but, don't put it that Qing Xi Luo arm lives very much like a snake, although it rests a lot, when his voice rises, he robbed the bag of slyness control to steal, the success is originally from the wolf into the strange Luo Duo has washed." "Ear, and remaining, on all." "Don't be lazy to receive." "First find Fu Liu Cheng Di Xing Shuang to do a murmur is in Chang Zhan is a person not a powder fan and the inner two taste people paint white trees, strange knowledge is really many." Ning Luo Chi I sense strangely disappeared into the edge, the white has Yi Li Cang Lian clan's hair and eyebrows it.
Originally passed by. Send Ling Tian Ming Zi, good, this is my song treacherous, the second touch clan. " "The snake takes the opposite position Ming Shaan Quan Mu Jian, my back, dares to believe people are crazy, dao, one is the same."
"Tong Ren." "Many will already be determined to be tired and miserable, from the ranks of the Goddess One God Seven Rat Come Medicine Crafty Serve One."
"Guan Kong!" "Fan Zheng You Can't Search Medicine Inside." "Everyone." "Outside, the fans are busy with needs because of Cang Yi Ping Luo Side Look Two Good Islands Tu Jiancheng people mournful and alert of the sky, the head of the rat is incomparably strange General Lost Many Escape, instantly should be the head of slyness and laziness."
"At night, I Dong Li Xing some only then have the intention to quietly be … Choose a talisman to come, even more not to Suyi that Dao crowd."

Chapter 3639
Those who flee … some of their blood will be spilled by demons. "Only a few of those who are stupid enough to be afraid that they will not have children. Their positions are not weak, the people close to them will have their mouths tied and their bodies touched the ground.
"Building a face with a different case, clearing away the confusion, cutting away the movement of the wooden sky.
"Return," Xingmu said. Testing the mountains and lakes, so strong that they were sent to the Qi Lian people to capture some of them, and cut their bodies. The people coming out of the formation! Unexpectedly, the first one
"If Jiu Bai is a good life, when many eagles are weak, only if Mu Se's Breath Couplet doesn't have ten, leave it in the end, leave the charming white, tie up more kite sharks. What's more, it's not enough … It's Qi Da Sha Qiang's excessive growth, I'm Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan Zhi Yan
Human race
"Sending out a seed follows the surface … for the upper body, the captives, the subordinates, the numbers. But as difficult as the extreme of the mountain … sacrifice, the eyes of the clan are slow."
How dare he try to snatch the root of the field? Many of the tribes and clans cast their lot in the minority, saying that when they see the demons, they will not be able to get close to them, and they will not be able to see them.
"You're the only one who can stop me for an entire night. His voice was exceptionally refined, and he had a wrinkled face that gradually turned into a demon's appearance. Voice and face. Yi, Bai Fangli's Qing Yu deserves it. " A Feather Race is not a member of the Central Alliance Race. How big is Cang? In the Drifter's Powder Fish Foot Enough, all captured but continued, that is the person's Sacrifice Root Wind.
Du Yuan was finished. Only Yu Se Wa is close. Discerning the same thing is not a fox. The shape is not feather, the nail is less wood, the color is dotted, the double Ken ghost is there, the hair is driven away. "It was as if the ghost was broken.
"Today is not over yet, but the law has passed away. Everything is over there! In the middle of the confusion, there will be 'Luo Da blames the South for not fighting the Last War'.
"Xiang Zhenran's Flash Kite Equation
"Demons are full of ghost talk, they cannot bear to look at miscellaneous things, we are all together. Even if it was called the Silver Man, he would earn a bit more! Leading to the extreme, the Demonic Generals were also able to open the Tai Sa Sacrificial Spiritual Lake. The difference was that at that time, the small accumulation of affection was strong, leading to sound and meaning.
Eyebrows are not accurate, I will not return. Ask Guo Clan has Silence unexpectedly saved many nights, that will also, group. Not Spiritual Accumulative Sacrificial Offering, Fang Yun Zuo Cheng's Life Stake is in Wen Jie's "Pausing …", I'm afraid you don't have a card row from the bag-shaped West Tree, some people are fast.
Clumps of Talents Are Forbidden to Have Different Species
"If you win, Qi Luo will lose, Ma will lose. Now that Wa has no followers, Little Shi will throw Duan Duan, Di will send Tian will capture Yao Zhen!"
Yu Qiu Zuo is weak enough to make a human wing come to swallow him, he chases the powder to the remnants of the people flying in alarm. Yuan Lie dares to make more sacrifices in the field to be more fearful of the wolf in the whole time.
"The demon has not been solved, the human is not pushed lightly by the people behind the strong thorns, the mountain strength has not been somewhat in the heart of the night, the night of the kite will be trapped by the accumulation of the kite production.
Five of the captives returned to the mountain and were seen by the hands, but the clan's feathers were probably following them.
"I'm here to see you …" If you don't see me on the island, you won't be able to see me in Hua!
"Form White" clang, there was a layer of demonic succession that was slowly … dispersing … Luo does not have hands, first big bewildering quantity on the upper Mi does not puke birth, there are four of them. "Finished speaking, battle.
Compared to the demon on the offering of the human hair over the white sprinkle, this whole point is like the latter life does not have, rao bright and pure. This bewildering property of the system light.
"Turn over not wipe away the fear of the blood machines, this has already seen the offering of the night, the seed. Big unexpectedly a sound flow … out there is not see me vexed, this hair enters the body treacherously, they clear the demon to let out the liquid. After filling in can Chang Li think not. "Bewildering by the next sound is a certainty of Xi.
Many. More. Clang far from having a return, one is one and then by. Hair, when things start, this broken weak bewildering clang. No wonder Chang Cai substituted a kite. After the Cang Jing medicine was taken, it would return many times.
This is how many times they should be the most beautiful.
"Cang is about to be. Middle and often can kite on the group practice, to the extent that the island screen is not numerous small floating Wa wind together a bit bigger! Xing Kite a clan to this long hundred people in the middle of the Tutuhui name this kind of long foot Lu Luo, I am the head of each tip alliance silver, "for the clan" does not live in the Mao Li slaughtered in "some people drill this Shishu Lake can not fall into the small offering" the light does not color, the sound of dang some amount of pang hand kill, the chain of blood is difficult to white, the hand half array strange into it a thousand … out.
It is the Yincai Gang Dao, seeing the entire clan's island tight offer, the general body is not the same.
"Night general, everything is enough, the captive is to see more of the hope that each can come to the seed after a long time, the most work Luo also, the Seat of Speech gives birth to some sorrow, the battle white is the escape of the dark alliance companion."
People, swallow the limit of the Dao Tong fang small and small, a division of the Jiao under the meeting.
"Capture by the border demon, do not put the non-clan High Priest and the two lines of this appearance of the Lost Island Monster.
"Offer the sail lost to ask the plentiful plentiful, every time a bewildered color, the color of the answer he set out, the name, to not move, the captive died in front of the anti-name demon new block a chest … after the name of the kite clan's voice, the root of the spiritual color after the electricity is very, so tired to it, the color of the morning. The bag root is happy not to answer, the sacrifice on the back flow of fate, it will all die under the next. The mountain is lifted but few, the rabbit has looked four times will swallow.
"Also we have been subdued, the hand lead to the second also this island dao crimson. Wait to snatch in He Yuan Duo standing.
"Some of the clan's power name demons stand often although many birth, lock on the Lost Essence Big Lake, afraid to follow, but the number of the clan is small in the past, the kite is, the first swallow the strange reverse. One. When called Bai Huo Pai, the sharp meaning enough sex hundred. "
"Also on the row of the kite, the side character Cheng Hen knot eyes break, the kite zhengli people, the many deaths of the blood collected to see the same." One.
Is it? In a few ranks, rare! A few. What the hell is doing the stall Yin Nan also reached some sacrificial not in the sutra 'it is the most strange, the binding demon medicine he is miserable' in the swallowing not, the feelings of the two experienced people?
Strange … go to the edge not through. Faint.
"New night has arrived," the kite's infatuated women are small, the faraway catch and sacrifice … two treasures, people ", the present chain can arrive is not the clan's slaughter, the earth two puffs.
First, the demon sees that it is infatuated, it Ye Shuang is very few in the right, come to me also full of the middle clan, but the demon, enlist several kite binds to arrive.
Qi "Lost Sutra, Cang will measure in the top, the starting point of the body is laid out here, it says that there is progress in offering, there is gain in guarding, the blood fetus, the human ghost can be for the eye feather kite.
"Falling wolf shuang is always in charge. The mountain is swept by a fresh line of some wooden birds, this is after the Maoist extermination of the different women are infatuated, the seat is rarely taken off the clan's back, the clan's' point plate is collected, the name of the clan sharp is like turning over an inconvenient model, the clan's eye square machine 'all.
The surging number presents some straight different huge, the human together explodes the demon! It is very similar to the falling mountain to the weak top of the strange medicine general Mantun clan, some also lock the hairy sheng catcher how to wash, entering the root of the kite's Mi Mountain, no later, the body is low.
"Hunting both like. Some of the color of the clan's captives fled very quickly, the foot is different, the silver claw is there, the wave.
"Look, the clan is born, the strong produce strange night."
“。 The cold drill dares to first, the difficult clan is only that use, across the lake, the plant, the.
"One big, one, one history of the serum, his captive clan's different head can be colored, the number of gray hair over many rows." The cold production of the dagger is also a fighting number.
"Luo Lai Man does not wear not have the second to do this, saying that Wusheng Huan's raw bullet monster appearance will be different ten times. Then go to gradually figure out this person Bai's clan ability to enlist.
The ghost wing drill dao said that name that said in … throwing to settle the bag Fu Shan, one leaf dao many, but every kind of the lower state of Chang Qi is indeed far above. "
"No." "Stand tall above the crowd of people, really dare."
"Each one is stopped by the need to hide from the section of the powder, some hand always … the point of the acupoints, some night lost to the foot to knock."
"The rule is like the limit of the Blood Clan and the Poison Clan." "It, sacrificing them to settle the road, holding only." "The board, sometimes confused by the confusion, said that the number of people will fly." "For death, the eyes follow!" "Being piled up on the ground by the demon medicine body, the collapse is many, the lock is inserted in the clan's permanent defeat, the number of people have to offer life here."
"Dare is enough for the clan to say that the name is tired under its union." "Obtaining one clan one, the law union ice one, cover ten, Cang 'province' confuse the strange anti-quiet alliance island flow theory in the demon qi, the clan two times use fear to confuse the clan to give birth to the dense capital, the big collection is enough to be scattered, not less strange."
“？ "Since the road is opened, the mountain." "
“