Apotheosis – Ascension to Godhood(new)
Vol.10

Chapter 3305
As the Jinwu fought with the humans, the Tai Yiwei and Heavenly Generals in the 12th Pass were watching the show.
They could not participate in such a battle. Furthermore, the Jinwu Clan had taken away so many Jinwu …
After Gui Ling took out these ink balls, the expressions of the people in the 12th Pass turned extremely ugly.
"Activate the array!"
"Everyone, retreat to the Pass!"
"We can't stop that thing!"
Countless Tai Yiwei and Nirvana Realm cultivators ran madly towards the Pass.
Every time a world descended, a rule would be changed …
Fortunately, other than the Taiming Mountain Master and Gui Ling, no other worlds descended.
Swoosh swoosh swoosh …
Dozens of ink balls suddenly appeared above Tian Xun Pass. These ink balls floating in the air suddenly charged downwards. Before the five-star Tai Yiwei could enter the array of Tian Xun Pass, these ink balls had already attached themselves to their bodies.
The Tai Yiwei's skin turned pitch-black. Their skin cracked and their eye sockets sunk. They had turned into another type of monster. They quickly pounced on their former comrades.
"Wu!"
One of the black monsters howled and charged towards Evil Deities.
When this black monster was about two to three feet away from Evil Deities, a light flashed in Evil Deities' hand. A diamond-shaped token formed by Dao-Fusion energy was gently thrown out by Evil Deities.
"Bang!"
The diamond-shaped token exploded on the black monster's head.
"You're courting death," said Evil Deities calmly.
The black monster's head was blown to smithereens. It did not look like it would survive.
However, the black monster that had lost its head struggled on the ground for a while. Then, it got up again. Its head had also recovered.
"Because this world produced monsters, it is immortal in this world?" muttered Evil Deities.
The huge commotion caused by the explosion of the diamond-shaped token attracted the attention of even more black monsters. After staring at the Evil God for a while, the black monsters began to chase after him.
Evil Deities glanced at Tian Xun Pass not far away. He had enough time to return to Tian Xun Pass.
However, just as he was about to move, his eyes flashed.
He was only slightly slower. His path back to Tian Xun Pass was blocked by a large number of black monsters. These black monsters swarmed over. Even Evil Deities had no choice but to retreat!
This scene was naturally witnessed by many Heavenly Generals in Tian Xun Pass.
"Heavenly General called Evil Deities seems like he won't be able to come back?"
"Should we help him?"
"Let him fend for himself …"
The Evil God had also displayed great power in Tian Xun Pass, but his personality was destined to be unlikeable. Those Divine Generals who had fought on the battlefield for many years had an instinctive respect for the Evil God, so they were naturally unwilling to lend a helping hand.
After becoming a Dao Refinement Avatar, the Evil God became extremely cautious. At the very least, he couldn't have any thoughts of betraying Luo Zheng.
However, in this chaotic battle, Evil Deities made a very instinctive reaction. He used these black monsters to distance himself from Luo Zheng!
Within a certain distance, Luo Zheng could control Evil Deities at will. With a thought, Evil Deities could only stay in place, unable to move. However, the distance between Heavenly Generals and Heavenly Generals was not limitless. There had to be a limit.
Being chased by these black monsters was an opportunity for Evil Deities to test this distance!
"Wu wu wu …"
The black monsters spread their legs and chased after Evil Deities. Evil Deities was as light as a swallow, flying close to the ground.
Every time Evil Deities flew a certain distance, he would extract a certain amount of Shen Jun's power from Luo Zheng's inner world. As Heavenly Generals and Heavenly Generals, Evil Deities could obtain Shen Jun's power from Luo Zheng. Moreover, this Shen Jun's power was extracted from the Instrument of Civilization of the Tianzhi Civilization.
Within the range of Luo Zheng's control, Evil Deities could naturally extract Shen Jun's power continuously.
Once Evil Deities could not extract Shen Jun's power, it meant that they were out of Luo Zheng's control.
…
He crawled on the back of a Golden Crow Zombie Spirit for a short rest. It was not easy to control so many Golden Crows Zombie Spirits.
After fighting with Phoenix twice, Luo Zheng simply returned the control to Di Jun.
In Di Jun's hands, these Golden Crows Zombie Spirits seemed to be more agile.
"Pop!"
Phoenix suddenly burst out a ball of blazing flame.
Even Qiu Yinhe and the others might not be able to withstand this kind of flame. However, under the layers of Golden Crows Zombie Spirits, not a single wisp of flame escaped.
Perhaps due to anger, she forgot that Luo Zheng was not afraid of fire at all.
"Hmm?"
When Luo Zheng was resting, he found Evil Deities rushing east.
With a flash of thought, he arrived in the mind of Evil Deities.
Through the vision of Evil Deities, he instantly saw dozens of distorted black monsters!
Were these black monsters born after the arrival of the world?
Luo Zheng read the memory of Evil Deities. At the same time, he found that Evil Deities would extract Shen Jun's power from time to time when they were being chased by the black monsters. This behavior was somewhat strange.
"You can't go east anymore. Kill these black monsters and come back to me."
Luo Zheng's order echoed in the mind of Evil Deities. Then he left Evil Deities' mind.
Evil Deities clenched his teeth and his body stiffened.
He told himself in the depths of his heart that this was probably his only chance to escape!
However, he could not disobey Luo Zheng's order at all!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Evil Deities stretched out his hand and threw diamond-shaped tokens at the monsters.
"Bang bang bang bang …"
Each diamond-shaped token exploded on the heads of the black monsters.
However, these black monsters were simply immortal. Even if they were blown to pieces, they could still recover.
After being reborn, the black monsters seemed to have grown in size and the power contained in their bodies seemed to have increased.
"These black monsters can grow?"
Evil Deities raised his eyebrows and had another thought in the depths of his heart.
He did not hesitate anymore. His body flipped in the air and the diamond-shaped tokens exploded again at the black monsters.
"Bang bang bang …"
With Luo Zheng's continuous bombardment, these black monsters kept dying and coming back to life. Every time they came back to life, they became even stronger!
At this time, even Gui Ling, who was far away in the core area, showed a trace of confusion.
The world that Gui Ling descended into was called the Illusory World. Once the Illusory Monsters appeared, they were immortal. After being killed, they would be reborn. The more times they were reborn, the stronger they would become!
This kind of growth was almost limitless.
Almost all opponents who discovered this characteristic of the Illusory Monsters would stop attacking the Illusory Monsters. After all, killing the Illusory Monsters like this would only increase their strength.
But hundreds of miles away, there was a guy who was killing his Illusory Court Demons over and over again, and this batch of Illusory Court Demons was growing rapidly!

Chapter 3306
"Ceng!"
A sword light slashed down on Phoenix's back.
Phoenix was already prepared for this attack. She flipped her hand and actually broke Luo Zheng's sword into two. Following that, she stabbed her spear towards Luo Zheng's head.
Facing the increasingly furious Phoenix, Luo Zheng remained surprisingly calm.
He tilted his head back slightly and dodged the spear before returning to the back of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
Even if the Phoenix Maiden wanted to chase after him, the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits would swarm her again, blocking her path.
These Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were like a moving forest. Luo Zheng was the hunter hiding in this forest, and Phoenix was the beast trapped in this forest.
As long as there was an opportunity, Luo Zheng would stab Phoenix with his sword from time to time.
This stab might not be able to injure Phoenix, but it could slowly deplete the Chaotic Origin Spirit in Phoenix's body.
As long as he stabbed her enough times, Luo Zheng could still kill her!
Phoenix had never thought that she would fall into such a strange situation. These Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were simply too nimble. No matter which direction she fled in, they would always be able to block her.
At the start, she still cared about her reputation and did not call out to her clansmen.
But after being stabbed three or four times by Luo Zheng, Phoenix felt a sense of danger.
If she did not escape from this place, she would most likely die!
Being forced into such a state by a junior, Phoenix felt bitter in her heart.
But when she transmitted her voice out, it was like a stone sinking into the sea. The other Jinwu were all in the midst of an intense battle. Nobody could spare any time to save her!
"Sou …"
After dodging another wing attack from a Golden Crow Corpse Spirit, Phoenix gritted her teeth. Her wings flickered with a mystical luster.
"Hundred Phoenix Spirit Dance!"
Phoenix's bloodline power was awakened once again. Her entire body was emitting a faint blue light. She became incomparably nimble.
With a light flap of her wings, hundreds of illusions appeared.
As long as there was a gap in front of her, those illusions would be able to drill out.
From afar, it seemed that Phoenix's body could be big or small, more or less.
Right now, all she wanted to do was to get rid of Luo Zheng. She had no choice but to use her bloodline power to perform a life-saving movement art.
Such a strange movement technique was so strange that even a Mountain Master would not be able to distinguish it in a short period of time.
Luo Zheng was dazzled by all the Phoenix figures.
If it were still Luo Zheng controlling these Golden Crow Corpse Spirits, he would not be able to stop Phoenix.
However, Phoenix's opponent was Di Jun.
A trace of a smile appeared on Di Jun's handsome face.
The Hundred Phoenix Spirit Dance was a unique movement divine ability of the Golden Crow Race, and it was created by him.
Even though Phoenix was extremely agile and created all kinds of visual obstacles, Di Jun could see through it at a glance.
"Huff huff huff …"
The outermost Golden Crow Corpse Spirits moved in a circle, followed by the middle layer, and then the innermost layer.
As these Golden Crow Corpse Spirits moved around, those big and small 'Phoenix' avatars were completely destroyed. The real Phoenix was rushing towards a narrow passage!
Through this passage, she could see the sky outside.
Just when the Phoenix Girl thought that she could escape, the two Golden Crow Corpse Spirits grabbed at her.
"Ka, ka!"
Four huge claws of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits pinned her in the middle, preventing her from moving.
Phoenix widened her eyes as she saw Luo Zheng coming out from under a Golden Crow Corpse Spirit. She had an expression as though she had seen a ghost.
Luo Zheng came over with a sword. Phoenix had just broken Luo Zheng's sword. Currently, she was wielding Tengshe's sword.
More than half of her Spirit of Chaotic Origin had been consumed. She might not be able to withstand Tengshe's sword.
At this moment, Phoenix finally understood that she could not defeat this young man in front of her.
And just two years ago, Phoenix could easily crush it with her fingers …
"How are you able to break my movement technique?" Phoenix Maiden asked.
She had calmed down at the last moment, and the resentment in her heart had disappeared.
But Luo Zheng could see through Hundred Phoenix Spirit Dance with a glance, which still left Phoenix in disbelief.
Luo Zheng did not answer Phoenix's question, nor did he attack to kill her. Hearing Phoenix's question, Luo Zheng indifferently replied, "I did not see through your movement technique."
"Then how …" Phoenix was even more puzzled.
"Someone else saw through your movement technique," Luo Zheng said.
"Who!"
In Phoenix's eyes, only Emperor Jun could see through her movement technique. It was impossible for Emperor Jun to be here, and it was even more impossible for him to help this brat.
Luo Zheng did not say a word. An illusory figure appeared above his head. It was Emperor Jun himself.
Phoenix's spirited eyes widened. Thousands of thoughts and possibilities flashed through Phoenix's mind. "You are …"
She thought it was Emperor Jun's remnant soul, but there was a slight difference in aura. But Phoenix's instinct told her that it was Emperor Jun himself.
"I am Emperor Jun of Haotian," Emperor Jun replied.
When facing Phoenix, Emperor Jun released a unique majesty. This majesty was enough to make any Golden Crow Clan submit to him.
"But you are not …"
Phoenix had doubts in her heart, but she did not dare to.
"I am not the Emperor Jun you know," Emperor Jun said. "I am the real Emperor Jun of Haotian, the first Golden Crow born between heaven and earth. The Emperor Jun you know is just a seed I spread in the mother world. He is my avatar."
The Emperor Jun in the mother world knew his origin, but he had never made the 77th civilization known to the public.
When Phoenix Maiden heard such an explanation, her heart was filled with shock.
The Golden Crow Clan was a superpower with a high degree of compliance. Everyone in the Golden Crow Clan obeyed Emperor Jun unconditionally. However, according to Emperor Jun, the Emperor Jun in the mother world was just a doppelganger of this Emperor Jun in front of him.
"I, I don't believe it!" Phoenix looked like she was about to collapse.
Some people were full of energy and fighting spirit all year round because they had incomparably firm beliefs. Phoenix's belief was Emperor Jun himself. Once this belief collapsed, it would be more painful than death for her.
"Luo Zheng," Emperor Jun said.
Luo Zheng stabbed with his sharp Sword Tengshe. With a 'pu' sound, the sword pierced Emperor Jun's shoulder.
Phoenix's fleshy body was so strong that it exceeded Luo Zheng's expectations.
Luo Zheng stabbed out three times in a row!
Phoenix's Spirit of Chaotic Origin was finally exhausted. Luo Zheng's sword also pierced through Phoenix's shoulder.
When her blood spurted out, golden light flashed in Emperor Jun's eyes. The blood turned into a thin red line that floated in front of him.
"My avatar gave you the Dream Blood Transformation. It can stimulate your potential, but it can also control you indirectly," Emperor Jun said. "The Dream Blood Transformation was created by me when I was young. There is a huge flaw in this ability. But I have solved this flaw later on."
For an existence like Emperor Jun, it was equivalent to living for more than 1,000 chaos epochs in the Nirvana Realm.

Chapter 3307
Under Di Jun's control, the blood thread began to rotate. At the same time, light spots were extracted.
When the light spots appeared, they folded into a strange pattern in the air.
Luo Zheng stared at these light spots and asked curiously, "What are these light spots?"
"The power of blood," Di Jun answered.
Upon hearing Di Jun's words, Luo Zheng and Phoenix Maiden's eyes were filled with surprise.
The power of blood had always been hidden in the blood essence, but no one had ever extracted it.
It was the first time for Di Jun to display the power of blood alone.
After extracting the power of blood, Di Jun began to adjust the light spots. He pushed some light spots farther away and pulled some closer. After adjusting them, he merged them into the blood.
When he was adjusting the light spots, Luo Zheng found them familiar. These light spots were very similar to those in the Xuanliang World.
However, the light spots in the Xuanliang World were far apart and there were many of them, unlike the few in front of him.
After a while, Di Jun had adjusted these light spots.
"Hum..."
The light spots kept their positions and merged into the blood again.
"Hiss..."
The blood turned into a thin line and drilled into her wound.
When the blood completely entered her wound, Phoenix showed a painful expression.
The bloodline that had been adjusted by Di Jun was different from before. It would be rejected by the Phoenix Girl's bloodline. When the two bloodlines fought, it would cause an unbearable pain.
However, the Phoenix Maiden's willpower was astonishing. She endured the pain without making a sound.
The blood modified by Di Jun was more powerful. It kept assimilating the remaining blood in Phoenix's body. After a while, the blood in Phoenix's body was completely modified.
The Golden Crows that had been holding on to the Phoenix Girl also loosened their huge claws.
Luo Zheng took a step back reflexively, showing a vigilant look.
After all, this woman had tried to kill him many times. He had to be careful.
"Don't worry. She can't kill you," Di Jun said.
"Why?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Because after the modification, she can only submit to me," Di Jun answered.
Phoenix's expression also became very complicated.
Her heart was obviously filled with hatred for Luo Zheng, and she wanted to get rid of Luo Zheng as soon as possible, but her body was very resistant to taking action.
This was not enslavement of the mind, but enslavement of the blood!
In fact, this kind of enslavement had existed since the birth of Jinwu. From the ordinary Jinwu all over the sky to the many female demons in the Hive, they all trusted and submitted to Di Jun unconditionally. This kind of submission was engraved in their blood.
Therefore, there were very few traitors among the Golden Crows. Those who betrayed the Golden Crows often meant that their bloodline was not pure. They would also be hated and hated by the Golden Crows, just like Feng Ge and Concubine Yan. This was bloodline worship.
For example, the Ear Rats could control other rats at will for the same reason.
"Luo Zheng is the spokesperson of the 77th civilization. From now on, Luo Zheng is your master," Di Jun said again.
Hearing this, Phoenix's face was full of dissatisfaction. Her body and even the pair of wings on her back were trembling slightly, but instinctively she had to lower her head. She almost gritted her teeth and said, "Yes, Master."
Just a moment ago, she was crazily trying to kill him, but now she was respectful. Luo Zheng looked at this scene and clicked his tongue in wonder. He suddenly had an idea. "Her bloodline has been modified. If her blood is injected into the body of another Jinwu..."
"You are very smart," Di Jun smiled faintly.
This kind of bloodline worship was engraved in the instinct. Of course, it was only effective for the Jinwu people.
Under Di Jun's command, Phoenix reluctantly drew out her blood...
The Golden Crows, which were originally wrapped in a ball, quickly separated. Phoenix, who was in the innermost layer, rode a Golden Crow, locked on a target, and sped over there.
In mid-air not far away, Li Bianxue stepped on the Heavenly Chasm Sword with a serious expression.
In front of her stood a tall and sturdy Golden Crow Clan member.
This Jinwu man was called Duchai, and he was one of the best in the guards.
To Li Bianxue, Duchai was the strongest opponent she had ever faced!
In such a battle, the slightest carelessness could lead to death. Her standard oval face was full of caution and seriousness.
"Your bone age seems to be very young," Duchai spread his wings and raised his right hand slightly. Fire snakes slowly swam around his arm. "Such a young genius is rare, hehe..."
Li Bianxue did not wait for Duchai to finish speaking. She lightly tapped the Heavenly Chasm Sword with the tip of her foot. The Heavenly Chasm Sword suddenly flipped over and slashed at Duchai with supreme power.
As the Heavenly Chasm Sword slashed, Li Bianxue ran wildly along the blade of the Heavenly Chasm Sword.
She had two two-foot short swords in her hands. These two short swords were not ordinary weapons!
"Whoosh!"
Following the flashing of the two short swords, her speed suddenly increased, and she disappeared from Duchai's vision in an instant.
In the next moment, Li Bianxue appeared on the right side of Duchai.
The Heavenly Chasm Sword slashed from the left while Li Bianxue attacked from the right. Both sides led to a dead end!
"Not a bad idea..." Duchai revealed an interested look, "It's a pity that you are too weak."
Duchai spread his wings and chose to avoid the Heavenly Chasm Sword from the left. He directly pounced towards Li Bianxue.
Li Bianxue's beautiful eyes flashed with a strand of astonishment. Both her hands immediately started waving.
"Cha cha cha cha cha cha …"
In a short two breaths of time, Li Bianxue slashed out more than a hundred swords on Duchai's body.
Even if these hundred swords were not weak, they could not break through Duchai's Chaotic Origin Spirit. Naturally, they could not injure Duchai!
"Like I said, you are not strong enough." Duchai revealed a smile.
Li Bianxue frowned. She leaned back and tapped on the air. She was like a swallow flying backwards, attempting to escape back to the Heavenly Chasm Sword.
But Duchai had already taken the initiative to block in front of Li Bianxue. He spread out his wings, causing countless fire snakes to fly out from his wings. These fire snakes rapidly formed an enormous fire net that enveloped Li Bianxue within.
"Such a genius is killed just like that. What a pity. Tsk tsk …" Duchai licked his lips. He revealed a look of excitement. With a light pull, that fire net rapidly shrunk.
Li Bianxue did not have the capability like Luo Zheng who could endure all the burning flames.
If this fire net were to completely shrink, it was not hard to imagine what would happen to her.
Just as her beautiful face turned pale, a Golden Crow Corpse Spirit flew down from the side. It actually penetrated through the fire net and arrived by the side of Li Bianxue.
At this moment, Li Bianxue was in despair. When she saw Luo Zheng rushing in, she was startled, "Why did you come in?"

Chapter 3308
When Phoenix landed, there were more than ten Golden Crow Corpse Spirits following behind her.
When Duchai saw those Golden Crow Corpse Spirits, he said disdainfully, "It took you so long to get back more than ten … And that kid is still alive?"
In the eyes of Duchai and the other Jinwu people, Phoenix lost the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits because of her own carelessness, and it was her duty to get them back.
But after so long, not only did Phoenix fail to get back all the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits, but she also failed to get rid of Luo Zheng!
"I've tried my best," Phoenix said with a twinkle in her eyes.
Duchai shifted his attention away from Phoenix and stared at Luo Zheng and Li Bianxue opposite him with a smile. "I don't know why you walked right into the trap, but since you're here, die with that beautiful girl!"
The fire net that had been broken by Luo Zheng was restored to its original state, and at the same time, it was shrinking at an extremely fast speed.
Li Bianxue's heart was also full of confusion, but Luo Zheng did not answer her question.
Seeing the fire net quickly shrinking, Li Bianxue gritted her teeth and said, "There's no other way …"
"Buzz …"
Three ice crystals emerged from the top of Li Bianxue's head. Those were the Snow Elephant Ice Crystals of the 29th Layer of Heaven.
When the three Snow Elephant Ice Crystals appeared, the temperature around Li Bianxue plummeted.
A huge ice cocoon enveloped her and Luo Zheng!
This ice cocoon also had amazing defensive power. Even if the force of 20,000 Shen Jun hit it, it could still be broken.
However, as a Nirvana token, the Snow Elephant Ice Crystal only had a passive defensive effect and could not be used as the main Nirvana token. Li Bianxue had originally fused with this Nirvana token only as an emergency.
"Hiss …"
The fire net instantly enveloped the surface of the ice cocoon, and the blazing flames constantly melted the ice.
"The ice cocoon can only last for a dozen breaths at most. Once it breaks, we will still die," Li Bianxue said distractedly.
She glanced at Luo Zheng and found that Luo Zheng's face was calm, without the slightest trace of panic.
Where did this kid get his confidence from?
Just as Li Bianxue was guessing in her heart, Luo Zheng looked at Duchai and raised his hand. He was gesturing to Duchai.
Watch your left side …
Luo Zheng smiled.
Li Bianxue looked to Duchai's left with a puzzled expression.
At the same time, Duchai and Li Bianxue had similar thoughts.
The ice cocoon could protect them for a while, but it couldn't protect them forever.
Luo Zheng and Li Bianxue would die sooner or later.
However, Luo Zheng didn't realize that he was going to die. Instead, he was reminding him. Remind him of what …
On his left was Phoenix.
The moment Duchai turned his head, Phoenix Maiden had already closed in on Duchai and grabbed his neck with one hand.
"What are you doing …"
Just as Duchai's voice fell, Phoenix's flames exploded.
Boom!
This strike of Phoenix was almost at full strength. But her goal wasn't to kill Duchai. Instead, she wanted to destroy the Chaotic Origin Spirit in his body.
Even if Duchai cracked his brain, he could not understand why Phoenix would act against him.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit in his body rapidly became fatigued under the dual assault of the Divine Jun Energy and Golden Crow God Fire.
After Duchai's Chaotic Origin Spirit became fatigued, his fleshy body was no longer strong.
Phoenix lightly sliced her finger, causing a droplet of fresh blood to flow into the meridians on Duchai's neck.
"Are you crazy, Phoenix!"
Duchai held onto his neck and retreated. He thought that Phoenix had betrayed him when she attacked him. But she merely pierced his neck and did not kill him. This was different from what he had guessed.
Li Bianxue and Duchai were equally puzzled …
She looked at Luo Zheng and asked curiously: "What exactly is going on? What are the two of you doing? "
This should have been a battle of life and death. Yet now, it had turned bizarre.
"Just watch." Luo Zheng nonchalantly replied.
After Duchai distanced himself from Phoenix, he suddenly felt an intense pain coming from his neck. This pain quickly spread throughout his body. The blood in his body felt like it was boiling. It was being assimilated by the blood injected by Phoenix.
This pain lasted for a moment before disappearing without a trace. And other than the fatigued Chaotic Origin Spirit, Duchai's body did not seem to have any other abnormalities.
"Phoenix, if you can't give me an explanation, I'll kill you too!" Duchai gritted his teeth and said.
Phoenix Maiden let out a faint sigh.
Bloodline Worship was a belief rooted in the bloodline. The culture of the entire Jinwu had been formed over generations, making this belief stronger than steel. And Phoenix, who retained her rationality, felt that she had betrayed her Di Jun. But this betrayal was something she could not disobey.
Now that there was another person who betrayed her, she felt much more relaxed.
"Ask him." Phoenix pointed at Luo Zheng.
Duchai and Li Bianxue once again looked at Luo Zheng in confusion. Luo Zheng's illusory image of Di Jun appeared above his head. "Seeing Luo Zheng is the same as seeing me. You just have to obey Luo Zheng's orders unconditionally."
"What the hell are you …"
With Duchai's bad temper, he was about to scold the illusory image of Di Jun when he saw it. He originally thought that it was a clumsy illusion created by Luo Zheng. But just as he was about to speak, an irresistible force arose from within his body. "Yes, sir. This one will obey Luo Zheng's orders."
Li Bianxue watched this scene. Her cherry lips parted slightly. The astonishment in her eyes could not be concealed.
She could not help but want to scold someone …
No matter how she looked at it, this looked like a clumsy performance. But it was the truth!
"Very good, the second one." Luo Zheng smiled and looked at the sky.
In the sky above Taiyi Sect, the Heavenly Chasm Swords were flying around in the air, crazily fighting with the Jinwu people.
What Taiyi Heavenly Palace lacked the most was high-end combat power.
Di Jun's guards were no weaker than the Lords of the Seven Mountains and the experts.
If he could inject that kind of blood into these people, wouldn't they all be under his control?
Duchai was the second target!
"What the hell is going on? Explain it to me first!" Li Bianxue was a little annoyed. She felt that she was completely ignored.
"Please melt the ice cocoon," Luo Zheng said.
"If you don't explain it clearly, you will be locked here for the rest of your life!" Li Bianxue thought. The snow elephant ice crystals above her head constantly flashed with icy light. The ice cocoon thickened by several layers.
Luo Zheng looked at this woman strangely. He did not know why she was so angry. He had no choice but to explain, "I used some means to instigate them. You only need to know that they are now under my command …"
After Luo Zheng's simple explanation, Li Bianxue reluctantly opened the ice cocoon.
She did not understand Luo Zheng's words at all. But Phoenix and Duchai were indeed under Luo Zheng's command …
"Huhu …"

Chapter 3309
There were more than 80 people in Di Jun's personal guards.
They were divided into three levels according to their strength.
Duchai was one of the stronger ones in the second level. Phoenix was in the first level, but she was at the back of the first level.
Of course, Phoenix's position in Jinwu was extraordinary. Even the strongest people in the personal guards were not as powerful as Phoenix.
Ming Shi and Bai Hu were in the first level of the personal guards. They were the two strongest people in Jinwu.
These two Jinwu people were usually very low-key. They were always guarding the Jinwu and rarely showed themselves outside.
Their loyalty to Di Jun was unquestionable.
The battle that Jinwu came out in full force was a huge test for them. After all, the Great Yi Heavenly Palace was not to be trifled with.
At this moment, Ming Shi's wings were flapping as he chased upward.
The one who was retreating in the sky was Ning Xu Yuan of the Great Yi Mountain.
"Xiu —"
Ning Xu Yuan kept retreating in the air. Three Evil Eyes floated around him.
The three Evil Eyes were constantly blinking, and every time they blinked, a sharp light would shoot out. These were Flying Swords that shone brightly.
These flying swords looked ordinary, but they contained terrifying power.
Even an expert like Ming Shi would not be able to take it if he was stabbed by one of them!
Previously, in order to get closer to Ning Xu Yuan, Ming Shi took two swords. These two swords almost exhausted his Spirit of Chaotic Origin!
After that, Ming Shi was very careful and did not dare to use force.
Therefore, even though Ming Shi was faster than Ning Xu Yuan, he still did not dare to get close to him.
"Xiu xiu xiu xiu …"
The flying swords in the three Evil Deities kept shooting out.
Ning Xu Yuan's old face was full of seriousness.
He could not remember how long it had been since he last fought. Now that he was in a life and death situation, he had no choice but to go all out.
Ming Shi flapped his wings and moved left and right in the air, sneaking in and out of the gaps between the flying swords. He used every tiny gap to shorten the distance between him and Ning Xuyuan.
"Tai Yi Heavenly Palace's power is gone. Elder Ning is also a famous elder in the Heavenly Palace, you must be able to see the situation clearly. If you can pledge allegiance to our Golden Crow Clan, our Emperor will not bear grudges," Ming Shi persuaded as he approached.
Back then, Emperor Donghuang and Emperor Jun were as close as brothers. Later on, they became enemies. Ning Xu Yuan once scolded Emperor Jun to his face. The conflict between him and Emperor Jun was not small.
The three slanted eyes floating beside Ning Xuyuan were constantly flying around, the angle of the flying sword was also rapidly adjusting. He gave a faint smile, and then said in a carefree manner, "We sword cultivators value integrity the most. If the Greater One Heavenly Palace collapses, we will lower our swords and end our lives. That Demon Emperor will remember and forget our former enmity.
I don't care! "
Ming Shi stared at Ning Xuyuan indifferently. This kind of existence must be inflexible. He did not mean that he could persuade Ning Xuyuan. The reason why he did this was just to distract him.
"Our Emperor's Dao of Adherence is the only true explanation of the End. Elder Ning, why do you insist on it?" Ming Shi asked again.
When it came to the conflict between the Dao of Order and the End, Ning Xuyuan's lips curled up. He said disdainfully, "When it comes to the fight of Dao, you bird demons have no power to think. You are just copying the words of the Demon Emperor, haha …"
Because of the bloodline worship in Jinwu, Emperor Jun was the only one who called the shots. Even though Phoenix and Ming Shi were quite intelligent, they did not question any of Emperor Jun's ideas. They could not question them.
But because there was no bloodline worship in the Greater One Heavenly Palace, there was naturally no such problem. No matter how wise Emperor Donghuang was, if he did something wrong, there would be people who would criticize him. Therefore, Ning Xuyuan's disdain was reasonable.
But before Ning Xuyuan's voice died away, Ming Shi's lips curled up slightly. A white light rushed from behind Ning Xuyuan at an extremely fast speed!
"Swoosh —"
When Ning Xuyuan reacted, it was already too late to dodge. His pupils suddenly widened, and a crescent-shaped bubble appeared on the surface of his body.
The rapidly approaching white light was Bai Hu of Jinwu.
Bai Hu was originally fighting with Gan Gaohan, but after Bai Hu activated his bloodline power, his speed increased sharply, and he chose to sneak attack Ning Xuyuan.
Under such a rush, Bai Hu was confident that he could take Ning Xuyuan's head with one blow!
But the bubble that appeared on the surface of Ning Xuyuan's body seemed fragile, but its toughness was far beyond Bai Hu's expectations. Under Bai Hu's charge, the bubble was constantly squeezed and deformed, but it did not burst in the end!
Ning Xuyuan bent his body, and tenaciously pulled away from Bai Hu. The three slanted eyes that surrounded Ning Xuyuan shone with a fiercer light.
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
More flying swords continued to shoot towards Ming Shi like a dense rain of swords.
When Bai Hu wanted to attack again, a sharp sword light fell from the sky and blocked in front of Bai Hu.
Gan Gaohan said with a grim face, "Bai Hu, your opponent is me!"
Bai Hu frowned and stared at Gan Gaohan.
Although their strength was about the same, Gan Gaohan was extremely difficult to deal with. Bai Hu was very dissatisfied with the opponent assigned to him!
He planned to kill Ning Xuyuan first, and then work together with Ming Shi to deal with Gan Gaohan!
The four of them confronted each other in the sky.
But this confrontation did not last for too long …
Below them, a large number of Golden Crow Corpse Spirits spread their wings and flew over, and above these Golden Crow Corpse Spirits stood Phoenix and Duchai!
When Bai Hu saw the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits, his face immediately lit up with joy, "We finally got it back!"
Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan's expressions darkened.
Before this, they were still counting on these Golden Crow Corpse Spirits to be of help to Great Yi Heavenly Palace …
But the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits were taken back by them so quickly. As the controller of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits, Luo Zheng was most likely dead.
The two of them looked at each other, their eyes full of regret. The speed of the Heavenly Palace's collapse was faster than they had imagined.
Hundreds of Golden Crow Corpse Spirits stood side by side, almost forming a floating island in the sky. Phoenix and Duchai stood side by side on it, while Ming Shi and Bai Hu slowly landed on the backs of the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits.
Using the Nirvana Realm Token to control people's thoughts, or using other means to control the soul, or even refining the body, Ming Shi and Bai Hu could sense it.
Never in their wildest dreams would they have imagined that the Phoenix Maiden and Duchai would submit to another 'Dijun'.
"Elder Ning, Elder Gan, I am willing to give you one last chance," Ming Shi continued to persuade them. He was actually sincerely trying to recruit them.
But the two of them did not care about their words. They were already prepared to sacrifice themselves, and now was the time to fight with their lives on the line.
"Don't talk nonsense!" Gan Gaohan shouted coldly.
The sword edge hummed, and the aura soared!
Just as the two of them were about to fight with their lives on the line, the Golden Crow Corpse Spirits that were lying flat in the sky suddenly rolled up.

Chapter 3310
The huge Golden Crow Zombie Spirit was controlled by Di Jun as usual.
These Golden Crow Corpse Spirits intertwined with each other to form a unique maze, trapping Phoenix Maiden, Duchai, Ming Shi, and Bai Hu within.
Luo Zheng leaned on the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit and smiled at Ning Xuyuan and Gan Gaohan.
"Whoosh …"
A huge Heavenly Chasm Sword flew up and Li Bianxue sat on it. She pursed her lips and looked at the pile of Golden Crow Corpse Spirits with a hint of speculation and caution in her eyes.
Gan Gaohan looked at Li Bianxue and then at Luo Zheng, his eyes full of confusion.
"Luo Zheng, what's going on?" Ning Xuyuan asked.
No matter how they looked at it, it was strange. No matter how they guessed, they couldn't figure out what Luo Zheng was up to.
"Elder Gan, Elder Ning, you'll find out later," Luo Zheng replied.
At this moment, the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits suddenly burst into flames. The flames were of two types, blue and green. Obviously, Phoenix and Duchai were the first to attack.
When the flame flickered, Ming Shi and Bai Hu's angry roars came from within. They probably could not understand why the loyal Phoenix Maiden would betray the Golden Crow Tribe …
"Whoosh!"
After the two roared, some of the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits also spat out blue flames.
After all, Ming Shi and Bai Hu were the strongest in Jinwu, second only to Di Jun. Their strength was comparable to the Hill Master. Even if Phoenix and Duchai launched a sneak attack, it would be difficult to take them down.
However, with Di Jun controlling the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits personally, the problem became much easier.
The battle inside the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits only lasted for seven or eight breaths. After a while, all the Golden Crow Zombie Spirits started to fight again.
Phoenix and Duchai had already stepped aside.
Duchai was unscathed, but half of Phoenix Girl's beautiful face was burned away.
"Are you okay?" Luo Zheng asked.
Phoenix reached out and touched her face gently. Her burned face quickly recovered. She shook her head and said, "I'm fine. I was just accidentally hurt by the flames."
It was Di Jun himself who had accidentally injured her, so she naturally wouldn't feel any dissatisfaction. Not to mention that half of her face was burned, she wouldn't resist even if he killed her.
As for Ming Shi and Bai Hu, they were covered in dust and grime, and their faces were filled with pain.
There was a wound on each of their chests, where the modified Golden Crow blood flowed in. After the pain passed, the two of them floated in the air, staring at Luo Zheng. An extremely contradictory feeling rose in their hearts.
"Buzz …"
Emperor Jun's virtual shadow floated up and gave the order to surrender to Luo Zheng again. The two experts lowered their heads in conflict.
Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan stared at this scene with their mouths agape …
His heart felt as if it had experienced a magnitude 18 earthquake.
What was that phantom of Di Jun just now?
It couldn't be a part of Di Jun's soul, could it?
If it was Di Jun's Divided Soul, he would be able to command Phoenix and Ming Shi.
But would Emperor Jun help Luo Zheng and the Greater One Heavenly Palace?
If he really helped them, there wouldn't be this war!
Whether it was reality or logic, it didn't make sense. The confusion in the hearts of the two old men could be imagined.
"Ha …"
Li Bianxue sat on the Heavenly Chasm Sword and inexplicably let out a chuckle.
Previously, she thought that Luo Zheng had attracted the Golden Crow corpse spirits by luck, but now he had directly attracted the experts of Jinwu.
Looking at the situation, was Luo Zheng planning to bring all the people of Jinwu over?
The people of Jinwu in front of her were strong enough to fight against the entire Heavenly Palace. If they really submitted to Luo Zheng, wouldn't Luo Zheng's status far surpass that of an ordinary Mountain Lord, and be comparable to Donghuang?
A genius always had a strong sense of vigilance towards the rise of another genius.
Therefore, Luo Zheng didn't provoke Li Bianxue, but in exchange, Li Bianxue was hostile and provocative.
But only after a few days, Li Bianxue realized that she and Luo Zheng weren't on the same level at all. This guy's ambition wasn't in the Land of Sword Grief, nor was it in the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
"Luo Zheng, can you tell us now?" Ning Xuyuan asked cautiously.
In the entire mother world, no one except Di Jun could make the experts of Jinwu submit absolutely in such a short time. Could it be that it was the real Di Jun?
Facing Ning Xuyuan's question, Luo Zheng had a headache.
In the fierce battle between the two sides, there were experts dying every second.
Whether it was the people of the Heavenly Palace or the people of Jinwu dying, Luo Zheng didn't want to see it happen.
But looking at the attitude of Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan, if Luo Zheng didn't explain clearly, they wouldn't let him go.
Therefore, Luo Zheng made a long story short, only telling them that he used the bloodline of the Jinwu, and that the "Di Jun" above his head wasn't the real Di Jun …
This explanation couldn't clear the doubts of the two elders at all, but the two elders also knew that the battle was in full swing. Since Luo Zheng had such a heaven-defying method, he naturally had to race against time.
The two elders had planned to sacrifice themselves generously. Now that their lives were saved and they saw the hope of a comeback, they would ask questions later. For now, they would do their best to cooperate with Luo Zheng.
"Okay, no matter what method you use, I, Gan Gaohan, and Elder Ning are at your disposal." Gan Gaohan smiled.
In the face of Gan Gaohan's goodwill, Luo Zheng didn't have much of a reaction. He lowered his head and glanced around, attracted by another scene.
Seven huge sword shadows crazily bombarded the body of a Golden Crow Clan member, erupting with a thunderous explosion.
The one who sent out these sword shadows was Qiu Yinhe, and his opponent was the Golden Crow Clan's Wen Qiu!
Wen Qiu's strength belonged to the second tier within the Personal Guards. He originally thought that Qiu Yinhe was much weaker than Gan Gaohan and Ning Xu Yuan, and that he could easily take him down.
Who would have thought that Qiu Yinhe's strength was enough to be ranked first in the Heaven Combat Index!
Many Heaven Chasm Swords came crashing down, forcing Wen Qiu to complain incessantly. He could only retreat continuously …
"Hong, hong, hong …"
Under the bombardment of those sword shadows, Wen Qiu's Chaotic Origin Spirit had already entered a state of fatigue. His face was filled with fear, and he was only thinking of how to escape.
And Qiu Yinhe's expression was solemn. He had no intention of letting Wen Qiu go.
At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly descended, saying, "Senior Qiu, please wait a moment!"
Qiu Yinhe glanced at Luo Zheng and frowned. He couldn't think of a reason why Luo Zheng would stop him.
Wen Qiu saw Qiu Yinhe hesitating, and he felt joy in his heart. Just as he was about to flap his wings and escape, Phoenix descended and landed beside Wen Qiu.
'Phoenix! You came at the right time. Hurry up and help me … 'Wen Qiu felt even happier when he saw Phoenix. Not only did he not have to escape, he could even work together with Phoenix to kill Qiu Yinhe instead.
But Phoenix didn't care about Wen Qiu's words at all. With a light flap of her wings, she approached Wen Qiu.

Chapter 3311
Under Qiu Yinhe's gaze, Wen Qiu's bloodline had been changed.
Gan Gaohan landed beside Qiu Yinhe. He could roughly understand Qiu Yinhe's thoughts and only patted him on the shoulder.
Even if Gan Gaohan did not explain, Qiu Yinhe could roughly guess what was going on. However, he did not ask Luo Zheng for an explanation …
Luo Zheng relied on Phoenix and the Golden Crow zombie spirit to convert all the Jinwu people who had moved to the Taiyi Sect.
There was an accident along the way. "Jiu Feng", a Jinwu person who was fighting with Hechi, sensed that something was wrong and wanted to escape. However, Luo Zheng immediately ordered Ming Shi and Bai Hu to pursue and capture Jiu Feng …
The more Jinwu people who joined Luo Zheng's team, the easier it would be to deal with these people who were left alone.
After settling the Taiyi Sect, Luo Zheng quickly locked his gaze on the Tai Qing Array next to him.
Originally, the seven arrays were separated by hundreds of miles. After the entire Skynet was folded, the seven arrays were closer to each other. The Tai Qing Array was only about two hundred miles away from the Taiyi Sect. For this group of people, they could arrive in the blink of an eye.
Among the Seven Mountains, the Tai Qing Mountain was best at defense. The Tai Qing Array was actually the 36 Sword Shields Array.
After the Jinwu people teleported in, they did not destroy the 36 Sword Shields Array. Instead, they were chased out by the people of the Tai Qing Mountain.
Now, the leader of the Tai Qing Mountain led the powerful people of the mountain to retreat and defend the array …
However, defense was always passive. If they kept defending the array, the array would eventually be broken.
Under the relentless attacks of the Golden Crow Clan, the Thirty-Six Sword Shield Formation was faintly unable to hold on. Especially since the three formation cores on the left side of the Sword Shield Formation had already been broken, the aura of the experts on the High Azure Mountain was somewhat low.
"Brothers, you only need to hold on for a while. The Taiyi Sect is not far from us. When they eliminate the Jinwu people, they will naturally come to our rescue," the leader of the Tai Qing Mountain said encouragingly.
The cultivators of Mount Tai Qing responded. Although their faces were full of anticipation, they did not think so in their hearts.
In this battle, the Jinwu had the upper hand. Although the Greater One Mountain had Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan, the Jinwu would definitely send more powerful people to break the formation. The Greater One Mountain would most likely be unable to take care of themselves, how could they come and save them?
As soon as the Mountain Master of the Great Green Mountain finished speaking, he saw some black dots in the distance. His expression suddenly froze.
"They're from Jinwu!"
"He flew over from the Supreme One!"
"The Supreme One Formation has been broken?"
Initially, there was not much hope left in everyone's hearts. However, it was not the reinforcements who came, but the people from Jinwu. Their hopes were instantly dashed.
"Hahaha, Brother Ming Shi, Brother Bai Hu! You guys sure are fast, but the cowards of the Great Azure Mountain are only cowering. We are too slow in breaking the formation! " The Jinwu person who spoke was called Feng Ting. Together with Ming Shi and Bai Hu, they were in the first tier. This time, he was the one who led the team to attack Tai Qing.
The formation.
Ming Shi nodded at Feng Ting with a fake smile. He led Bai Hu, Phoenix, Duchai, and the rest of the Jinwu people to descend.
"The people gathered in the Supreme One Formation should be the strongest of the Seven Mountains. How did Brother Ming Shi defeat them in such a short time?" Feng Ting asked again.
Ming Shi sighed. "It's a long story."
"Then let's break this Tai Qing Formation first." Feng Ting chuckled.
No matter what, victory was now in sight!
The Mountain Master of the Great Green Mountain and the rest of the strong cultivators looked gloomy …
If the Seven Mountains were destroyed, the Heavenly Palace would not be able to avoid the fate of destruction.
The Jinwu did not even let Di Jun appear.
In this battle, the Taiyi Heavenly Palace lost completely …
"Okay, let's do it." Ming Shi nodded.
When the group of Jinwu people led by Feng Ting heard this, they all began to attack the Tai Qing Formation.
They did not expect that Ming Shi was talking about attacking Feng Ting and the others!
"Boom, boom, boom, boom …"
Feng Ting and the others were originally slightly weaker than Ming Shi and the others. When Ming Shi and the others attacked, they did not have time to react.
The Mountain Master of the Great Green Mountain and his subordinates watched this scene with their mouths wide open. It was as if they were living in a dream.
"What, what are they doing …"
"The Jinwu people are killing each other? That's impossible! "
"That's impossible. What are they up to?"
After Ming Shi and the others subdued Feng Ting and the others, Luo Zheng led Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and the others to slowly descend.
Luo Zheng looked around. Feng Ting and the others did not have the chance to resist or escape before they were injected with the modified Golden Crow bloodline.
"Well done." Luo Zheng nodded.
There were about 20 Jinwu people on both sides of the Supreme One Formation and the Tai Qing Formation. They were not a small force.
Moreover, these Jinwu people followed Luo Zheng and quickly dragged down the strength of the Jinwu people.
"Elder Gan! Elder Ning … what happened! "The Mountain Master of the Great Green Mountain was still in a daze.
Although the situation had been completely reversed and they had even waited for Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan to arrive, the Mountain Master of the Great Green Mountain was still somewhat guarded and did not remove the Tai Qing Formation.
He was afraid that this was just an illusion …
There was no need for Luo Zheng to explain. Gan Gaohan smiled and sent a message to the Mountain Master of the Great Green Mountain, explaining what he knew.
The Mountain Master of the Great Green Mountain stared at Luo Zheng in a daze. The shock on his face was indescribable.
Luo Zheng had been famous for a long time in the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
At that time, he stood up for the Heavenly Palace in the Fourth Heavenly Palace. After the You Xiong Clan could not do anything to Luo Zheng, they came to threaten the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
The Mountain Masters also thought that Luo Zheng had a bright future.
But for such a Fourth Heavenly Layer genius to grow, it would take hundreds or thousands of years.
In just one or two years, Luo Zheng was already able to reverse the battle between two super forces by himself?
The Mountain Master of the Great Green Mountain sighed in his heart. As for what magical method Luo Zheng used to make these Jinwu experts submit, it was no longer important.
Just as the Mountain Master of the Great Green Mountain opened the Tai Qing Formation, several people quickly approached from not far away!
As those people flew, they were supported by rays of purple light.
After seeing the purple light, Gan Gaohan's face darkened. He immediately said, "That bastard Xu Shou is here!"
The Mountain Master of the Great Green Mountain's face was also covered with a layer of frost. He sneered, "He probably thought that our Great Green Mountain was the weakest and was the first to attack us?"
Xu Shou attacked the other six mountains at a critical time, which naturally made the other Mountain Masters disappointed.
The entire Great Green Mountain had already burned their boats. Since he attacked, he naturally had to eliminate the other six mountains!
When the Jinwu attacked the other six mountains, Xu Shou also made some preparations and led his troops to attack.

Chapter 3312
When Xu Shou, Lady Xuan, and the others arrived at the Tai Qing Array, their momentum was overwhelming.
With the strength of the Tai Hao Mountain and the Jinwu people, it should be easy to take down the Tai Qing Mountain.
But when he saw Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan, he was stunned. He didn't expect the people of the Greater One Mountain to be here!
With these two people in charge, the Greater One Mountain was not a pushover!
Xu Shou frowned and turned his head. Only then did he see many members of the Golden Crow Tribe gathered outside the Supreme Green Formation. There were many members of the Golden Crow Tribe, and when he saw Ming Shi and Bai Hu, Xu Shou's face was filled with confidence.
In a situation where both sides were about the same strength, the addition of the Tai Hao Mountain was enough to break the balance.
"Xu Shou! Donghuang treated you well, but you betrayed the Heavenly Palace at a time of crisis! I ask you, where is your conscience! "Gan Gaohan saw Xu Shou and couldn't suppress the anger in his heart.
The Seven Mountains of the Heavenly Palace had always been united, and they were the foundation of the Greater One Heavenly Palace. Without Donghuang, how could the Tai Hao Mountain and his Xu family be where they were today?
"Where is my conscience?" Xu Shou smiled coldly. "Donghuang was stubborn and led the people of the world to the wrong path. My Tai Hao Mountain just chose the right path!"
His words were for Phoenix, Ming Shi, and the others to hear. It was also to show his sincerity.
According to Xu Shou's expectations, Ming Shi, Phoenix Maiden, and the others would definitely agree with him after he finished speaking. However, when he looked at them, Phoenix Maiden, Ming Shi, and the others all had cold expressions on their faces. The atmosphere seemed a little strange …
But Xu Shou couldn't know what was going on.
For example, Ming Shi and Bai Hu agreed with Xu Shou's choice, but their bodies didn't.
Ning Xuyuan looked at Xu Shou with a fake smile and said in an old voice, "This may be the stupidest choice you've made in your life."
"The stupidest choice? How can you be so sure? "Consort Xuan asked in an overbearing manner.
Luo Zheng looked at the red-clothed Lady Xuan and smiled faintly. "You'll know soon."
Lady Xuan's gaze fell on Luo Zheng, and a strange expression appeared on her face. "Luo Zheng, you're really lucky. You're actually still alive and kicking after such a long time!"
Several months ago, Mount Taihao had received an order to capture Luo Zheng. However, at that time, Mount Taihao had never had the opportunity to act.
In the end, during the battle between Jinwu and the Heavenly Palace, Luo Zheng had been safe and sound until now, which really surprised Consort Xuan.
"Consort Xuan, you seem very surprised?" Luo Zheng asked indifferently.
Mistress Xuan raised her eyebrows and said condescendingly, "It is indeed unexpected, but it doesn't matter. Today, you are destined not to escape this calamity!"
In her and Xu Shou's opinion, Jinwu was bound to win. Naturally, Taihao Mountain was one of the winners.
Luo Zheng revealed a bright smile, "I'd like to see who can't escape from whose palm …"
As he spoke, he pointed to the sky and said, "Do it."
Xu Shou, Lady Xuan, Huang Long, the leader of the Dark Tribe, and the other experts of Mount Taihao were all puzzled when they saw Luo Zheng's attitude.
Since when was it Luo Zheng's turn to give orders here?
Weren't Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan here?
However, in the next moment, they understood what was going on …
The people Luo Zheng ordered to act were not from Mount Taihao, but those from Jinwu!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Ming Shi, Bai Hu, Phoenix, and many other Jinwu people spread their wings and flew up. In the blink of an eye, they had surrounded Xu Shou and the others!
Xu Shou stared at Ming Shi with wide eyes, his eyes filled with disbelief.
As for Lady Xuan, her mouth was agape, and her body became extremely stiff.
"Brother Ming Shi, why are you doing this?" Xu Shou asked.
Ming Shi glanced at Xu Shou indifferently. He sighed softly and said, "Do it!"
There was no turning back for Luo Zheng's orders. Many Jinwu people could not disobey.
Seeing that Ming Shi, Bai Hu, and the others were really going to act, Xu Shou roared. He led the experts of Mount Taihao and took out their Nirvana Realm tokens …
For a moment, the air was filled with energy and flames flew everywhere.
Luo Zheng looked at the sky indifferently for a while, then turned to Gan Gaohan and said, "Elder Gan, can you help the Jinwu people?"
These Jinwu people had completely submitted to Luo Zheng. They were also valuable forces.
Although they were enough to deal with Mount Taihao, there might be casualties.
If Mount Taiyi and Mount Taihao were to help, things would be simpler.
How could Gan Gaohan not understand Luo Zheng's thoughts?
He immediately said, "My fellow comrades, we should naturally eliminate the traitors of Taihao Mountain. Those members of the Golden Crow Clan have already submitted to Luo Zheng. Everyone, there is no need to fear them!"
After he finished speaking, Gan Gaohan took the lead and rushed forward!
He had followed Emperor Donghuang his whole life. Naturally, he hated traitors like him.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Then, Ning Xuyuan, Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and the experts of Mount Taiqing also rushed into the sky.
It had to be said that Xu Shou's strength had improved tremendously over the years!
He held a purple broadsword in his hand. Purple Dragon Qi coiled around his body. Every time he waved the sword, purple light would appear. Everything close to him would be crushed into powder.
Even Ming Shi and Bai Hu, the two Jinwu experts, could not get close to him. Naturally, they could not take down Xu Shou in a short time.
However, after Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan joined the battle, the situation of Mount Taihao took a turn for the worse.
Xu Shou's strength might be powerful, but he was not as strong as Elder Gan. Emperor Donghuang, Gan Gaohan, and Ning Xuyuan might be a little weaker than Xu Shou, but the gap was not big. How could Xu Shou withstand the joint attack of the two of them, Ming Shi, and Bai Hu?
He was still in high spirits when he came, but suddenly he was in such a situation. Xu Shou was so angry that he almost vomited blood!
He even suspected that he was having a nightmare …
Just as Xu Shou was in a difficult situation, Lady Xuan's scream came from not far away.
Lady Xuan's strength was not outstanding among the many experts. Moreover, she was surrounded by four or five people. She could not last more than three to five breaths.
Seeing Lady Xuan's tragic death, Xu Shou roared angrily. Purple light surged, and he was about to fight with his life.
However, just as his aura skyrocketed, numerous flying swords shot towards Xu Shou's head!
The flying swords shot out by the three Evil Eyes beside Ning Xuyuan were extremely powerful. No one was willing to face them head-on.
Xu Shougang wanted to retreat but Bai Hu who was not far away had already taken out a Nirvana Realm Token. The Nirvana Realm Token was in the shape of a triangle. The three sides of the Nirvana Realm Token were as smooth as a mirror. It was very small and it was a Nirvana Realm Token that no one had ever seen before.
"Freeze!"
Only one word was heard from Bai Hu.
The triangular Paramita Token flashed, and Xu Shou was imprisoned in a triangular space. He could not escape.
"Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom … "
While Xu Shou was imprisoned, flying swords that contained tens of thousands of kilograms of power slammed into Xu Shou's body.

Chapter 3313
After that protective Nirvana Treasure shattered, Xu Shou could only use his fleshy body to resist.
But even if his Chaotic Origin Spirit was dense, there was a limit to how much Godly Jun Energy it could withstand.
At the final moment, Xu Shou decided to burn his Nirvana Token. But looking at the situation, he ultimately chose to give up.
Burning the Nirvana Token could allow him to fight to the death, but he could not escape death. He still had to bear the indescribable pain.
He would never have thought that he would actually die under the joint attack of the Jinwu and the Human Race …
Xu Shou did not burn his Nirvana Token, but one of his subordinates chose this path.
The one who burned his Nirvana Token was Huang Long, the old man who brought Luo Zheng away from the Greater One Mountain. His Nirvana Token was a golden monkey covered in pure gold.
Burning the Nirvana Token would result in the punishment of the Truth. This punishment was extremely painful.
And it was not just him who suffered, the Nirvana Token was the same.
It was fine if the Nirvana Token was an inanimate object, but Huang Long's golden monkey was a living object!
When the golden monkey started burning, everyone heard a loud and clear scream. That was the sound of the golden monkey instantly becoming as huge as a mountain, swallowing Huang Long whole!
The Nirvana Token had killed its owner!
This enraged golden monkey continued burning as it tried to tear everything around it apart.
If it was placed in front of ordinary experts, the golden monkey would have already started a massacre.
But those surrounding the golden monkey were not ordinary people …
Whether it was Gan Gaohan or Ming Shi, they were existences second only to those supreme experts.
Even though this golden monkey was incomparably strong, it was still tightly controlled by these people. In the end, this huge golden monkey was burned to ashes, leaving behind a trace of burnt smell. It disappeared unwillingly into the horizon.
"Hu …" After eliminating this golden monkey, Gan Gaohan said, "The thing descending from the Nirvana Realm is truly terrifying!"
Luo Zheng heard this from not far away. He asked, "Old Gan, this is just burning the Nirvana Token. Why do you say it descends?"
Gan Gaohan glanced at Luo Zheng and answered, "Actually, the essence of burning the Nirvana Token is to descend. Their continuous burning is just a kind of appearance …"
"Did it burn because it triggered the Law of Truth?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's right." Gan Gaohan sized up Luo Zheng. He realized that Luo Zheng's knowledge was no less than his own.
Luo Zheng nodded.
From a certain point of view, the Nirvana World was indeed one level higher than the Chaos. At least the flowers and plants there contained terrifying energy. Even the sand of the first layer of heaven contained the power of one jun. This was something that neither the Mother World nor the Chaos could compare to.
In the time it took for an incense stick to burn, Xu Shou of Taihao Mountain was defeated.
The two leaders of the Dark Group were defeated.
The Desolate Dragon was dead …
In the end, only Lady Xuan and the other three experts of Taihao Mountain were left.
An expert of Mount Tai Qing took out a Dragon Imprisoning Chain, using the Paramita Token to bind Lady Xuan and the others. Their fates would naturally be decided by the Celestial Palace.
When Lady Xuan passed by Luo Zheng, she glanced at Luo Zheng. Her gaze was a little sluggish. She still hadn't recovered from the huge change.
Perhaps because they saw Luo Zheng, regret appeared on their faces. Although Empress Xuan didn't know what was going on, she had clearly heard that these Golden Crow clansmen were under Luo Zheng's orders!
Mount Tai Qing had fallen to this state because of this brat!
"I really should have killed you back then …" Lady Xuan suddenly said through gritted teeth.
At that time, Lady Xuan was determined to get the True Comprehension Chapter from Luo Zheng. Unfortunately, she didn't get it and instead attracted Concubine Yan and Elder Ying.
If she had directly killed Luo Zheng back then, there wouldn't be so much trouble now.
Facing Lady Xuan, whose face was full of hatred, Luo Zheng only showed a faint smile. Then, Lady Xuan was taken away.
"Xu Shou is really wishful thinking! If it weren't for Luo Zheng, he would've easily broken my formation with the help of the Jinwu. I'm afraid the other six mountains would've been destroyed by him one by one … "the master of Mount Tai Qing said.
"Of course." Qiu Yinhe looked at Luo Zheng with satisfaction and smiled.
Even Qiu Yinhe found it hard to believe that Luo Zheng could single-handedly turn the situation around.
"What should we do next?" The master of Mount Tai Qing asked as he looked at Phoenix and the other Jinwu people. A thought suddenly appeared in his mind. Could Luo Zheng control all the Jinwu people?
"We need to hurry to the next formation," Luo Zheng replied.
His purpose didn't need to be stated. The others already knew.
Phoenix pursed her lips. There was unwillingness in the depths of her eyes. She was inexplicably controlled by this brat. One could imagine how she felt.
Next was the Tai Ming Formation, Tai Jin Formation, Tai Xiu Formation …
As the Jinwu team behind Luo Zheng grew stronger and stronger, it became easier to deal with the Jinwu people. After all, Luo Zheng's team was like a rolling snowball. The number of experts in Luo Zheng's team was almost overwhelming.
While Luo Zheng was subduing the Jinwu people, Gan Gaohan, Qiu Yinhe, and even Li Bianxue were secretly observing.
After a few times, they found some patterns.
It seemed that to control the Jinwu people, one needed to integrate the bloodline. And the Jinwu people controlled by Luo Zheng all had this bloodline.
As for the phantom of Di Jun that suddenly appeared above Luo Zheng's head, everyone was still puzzled.
Was that the real Di Jun?
If so, why did he help Luo Zheng?
If not, why could he command the Jinwu people …
Under the great confusion, there was also great joy.
For the Taiyi Heavenly Palace, it was originally an extremely difficult battle, but in the end, they won so easily.
When they reached the Tai Xiu Formation, Luo Zheng was leading more than 80 Jinwu people behind him. These people were almost the main battle force of the Jinwu people!
Next to the Tai Xiu Formation, Gui Ling was leading seven or eight Jinwu people to fight with their backs to the wall!
When he saw Phoenix and the other Jinwu people standing opposite him, he could hardly believe his eyes.
Phoenix directly went forward to persuade him to surrender.
In the Jinwu, Gui Ling had always been unconvinced by Phoenix.
In the face of Phoenix's persuasion, he did not obey at first. With the power of the world that descended, no matter how many opponents there were, he could hold on for a while.
Therefore, Luo Zheng stepped forward and asked Di Jun to persuade him to surrender.
Although Gui Ling and the other Jinwu people had not yet injected their bloodline, when they saw the other Di Jun, they instantly began to doubt their position. After all, Phoenix, Bai Hu, Ming Shi, and nearly 80% of the Jinwu people had surrendered to this "Di Jun".
After hesitating for a while, Gui Ling sighed helplessly and took the remaining Jinwu people to surrender and let Phoenix inject their bloodline.
When Gui Ling was about to retrieve the world that he had descended, he looked to the southeast with a strange expression on his face.
"Hey, these Illusory Court Demons …"
The world that Gui Ling had descended covered an area of three million miles. Within this area, there were scattered Illusory Court Demons.

Chapter 3314
When Luo Zheng heard Ghost Spirit mention the east, his heart skipped a beat, and he realized that he had neglected an important thing.
Evil Deities!
With a slight change of thought, he sensed the location of Evil Deities.
Evil Deities were now his Taoist doppelgangers, just like Luo Zheng's hands and feet. As long as he could sense them, he could control them. And Evil Deities could not disobey his orders.
Luo Zheng did not find the existence of Evil Deities. His face suddenly changed.
Before this, Luo Zheng had ordered Evil Deities to return immediately after killing those Illusory Court Monsters. Logically speaking, he could not disobey this order. Evil Deities should not be able to escape!
Luo Zheng thought for a while, then suddenly stared at Ghost Spirit and asked, "Can these Illusory Court Monsters be killed?"
Ghost Spirit did not know why Luo Zheng asked this question, but since Luo Zheng had been identified as his master by Emperor Jun, Ghost Spirit could not refuse his question. He could only answer honestly, "Illusory Court Monsters can't be killed. The more they are killed, the bigger they will become.
Only when the whole Illusory Court World is destroyed will the Illusory Court Monsters disappear. I … will take back the Illusory Court World now! "
There were still many Illusory Court Monsters within three million miles. Most of the Tai Yiwei had hidden in the 12th Level, but those Illusory Court Monsters were still crazily attacking the Magic Array of the 12th Level.
"Wait a minute," Luo Zheng said again, "Can you check what these Illusory Court Monsters see?"
"Of course." Ghost Spirit's expression became more and more strange. He did not know what Luo Zheng wanted to do.
"I want to find someone. That direction!" Luo Zheng pointed to the east.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Ghost Spirit immediately thought of those huge Illusory Court Monsters. With a slight change of thought, he had already escaped into the minds of those Illusory Court Monsters.
Very soon, Gui Ling was dumbfounded by what he saw.
He saw a human being crazily attacking those Illusory Court Monsters.
Not only would the Illusory Court Demon not die after being attacked, but it would also become stronger. That human should have noticed this long ago.
However, his tireless attacks seemed to be aimed at making these Illusory Court Demons stronger!
As the Illusion Court Demon's warning continued to expand, the human was finally no match for it. In order to save his life, he could only run all the way. While running, he didn't forget to turn around and attack the Illusion Court Demon. Just like that, he flew toward the east.
"Have you found it?" Luo Zheng asked.
Ghost Spirit stretched out her hand, and a translucent black gem appeared in her palm. This black gem was the weapon of civilization of the Illusory Court World and the most important thing to Ghost Spirit. Normally, she wouldn't show it to others.
"Buzz …"
A wisp of thick ink-like smoke floated out of the black gem, drifting towards Luo Zheng's eyes.
In fact, the smoke from the Weapon of Civilization can turn people into Illusory Monsters. If the Ghost Spirit chooses to sneak attack, Luo Zheng may also be affected.
In fact, the ghost spirits really did want to do that …
However, as soon as he had this thought, his instinct immediately erased it. He couldn't hurt his master.
Ghost Spirit sighed in her heart and chose to compromise. The entire Jinwu had betrayed her, and she wasn't the only one at fault.
After Luo Zheng's eyes came into contact with the two wisps of smoke, he saw the Evil Deities being chased by the Illusory Court Demons.
"They only used the energy of the Dao Fusion. Why do they keep borrowing the power of the Weapon of Civilization?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Just now, Luo Zheng could sense that the Evil Deities were borrowing the power of the Weapon of Civilization. It was normal for them to use this power to deal with the Illusory Court Demons. Luo Zheng didn't think too much about it, but just thinking about it made him feel that something was wrong.
The Evil Deities didn't borrow much power of the Weapon of Civilization, only one or two Senior Gods.
Previously, Luo Zheng felt that it was strange, but he didn't think too much about it. Now, it seemed that the Evil Deities were testing the limits of his control …
Ghost Spirit looked at Luo Zheng's serious and gloomy expression and said, "This person just left not long ago. He must still be in Qi Bei Province. We can help Master find him!"
Luo Zheng hesitated for a moment and said to the people of Jinwu in a low voice, "Dig three feet into the ground and find him!"
He didn't want to drive the people of Jinwu away at this juncture. After all, he wasn't the real commander of the people of Jinwu. However, the potential of the Evil Deities and the energy of the Dao Fusion he comprehended were no small matter. He couldn't let him escape.
"Yes!"
Ghost Spirit bowed to Luo Zheng and looked at Bai Hu.
Looking for one person in the huge Qi Bei Province was like looking for a needle in a haystack. However, Jinwu didn't have much, but they had the most people!
With a wave of Bai Hu's hand, a space was opened, and countless Golden Crows rushed out. They covered the sky and covered the earth, and flew towards the east …
…
The truth was exactly what Luo Zheng thought.
The Evil Deities kept drawing the power of Shen Jun. He didn't use it to fight the enemy, but to test the range of Luo Zheng's control.
He couldn't disobey Luo Zheng's orders, but the Illusory Court Demons couldn't be killed. Therefore, before killing the Illusory Court Demons, he didn't need to return to Luo Zheng's side.
Evil Deities attacked and retreated. After retreating 1.5 million miles, the Evil Deities found that he couldn't draw the power of Shen Jun anymore.
There was a trace of joy in his heart, and he no longer entangled with the Illusory Court Demons. After shaking them off, he ran all the way.
The feeling of confinement that always lingered on him was finally shaken off!
In fact, the Wu Kong Clan had already thought of using the "Life Ending Bone Land" to help the Evil Deities solve the problem of Dao Refinement. After all, entering the Life Ending Bone Land was equivalent to being reborn.
Unfortunately, in order to deceive Luo Zheng, Evil Deities had asked Fairy Qiong Xiao to erase his memories. The current Evil Deities didn't know anything at all, so he took the risk and seized this opportunity to escape.
After continuing east for another million miles, the Illusory Court World that covered this area disappeared …
The Evil Deities were once the owners of the Weapon of Civilization, so they knew the rules of the world that descended.
When a world disappeared, it would either be taken back by the owner or the owner would die.
No matter what the situation was, it was not something the Evil Deities were happy to see. This meant that the war might end.
Qi Bei Province was not safe for the Evil Deities. He should leave as soon as possible.
However, the area of a province was extremely huge. If he wanted to escape without the help of a teleportation formation, the time would probably be calculated in months.
After thinking for a while, the Evil Deities found a river and jumped down with a splash. After sinking to the bottom of the river, he dug out a cave and continued to drill downward.
Hiding deep underground should be the safest method.
Along the way, he dug out a complicated cave and killed a few snakes that were hiding underground. Finally, he opened up a small underground secret room.
In the secret chamber, the Evil Deities sat cross-legged and silently chanted the true meaning of Dao. He had already fallen into the Nirvana Realm.

Chapter 3315
Just as Evil Deities' Sun Soul condensed in the Nirvana Realm, a red ball popped out from a diamond-shaped array not far away.
Fairy Qiong Xiao emerged from the red ball and glared at Evil Deities impatiently.
Evil God looked at this uninvited guest and his face was filled with wariness.
"You've made me wait for too long," Fairy Qiong Xiao said.
She was originally unwilling to stay in the lower level of the Nirvana Realm. The pressure of the Fourteenth Heaven made her feel very uncomfortable.
However, she could not disobey the orders of the higher-ups. She could only wait patiently. How could she be in a good mood after waiting for so long?
"What are you waiting for?" Evil Deities sized up the woman in front of him.
Fairy Qiong Xiao ignored Evil Deities. With a wave of her hand, the Primordial Chaos Golden Chalice enveloped his head. The memories that Fairy Qiong Xiao had erased were all poured into Evil Deities' mind.
After a while, Fairy Qiong Xiao removed the Primordial Chaos Golden Chalice.
Evil Deities stood on the spot and digested the memories. After a while, he chuckled and said, "Interesting. It seems that my escape was unnecessary!"
"What do you mean?" Fairy Qiong Xiao asked.
Evil Deities told her about him leaving Luo Zheng's side and the battle with Jinwu.
Hearing Evil Deities' report, Fairy Qiong Xiao's face revealed a rare look of caution.
Although Fairy Qiong Xiao could not return to her mother world, she was still very familiar with the situation in her mother world.
Jinwu had launched a decisive battle against Tai Yi Heavenly Palace and sent a very important signal. Genryū was probably going to make a big move. She had to report this matter to her master …
…
The Heavenly Chasm Swords were stabbed into the ground, emitting a different kind of power.
The disciples of the Nirvana Realm, Tai Yiwei, the various sword sects, and the Divine Generals gathered in front of Tai Yi Heavenly Palace.
Previously, all the people of the Heavenly Palace were very pessimistic. They thought that they would definitely lose this battle.
No one expected that this battle would end in such a way …
Regardless of whether it was the Nirvana Realm experts or Tai Yiwei, all of them felt like they had just survived a disaster.
However, everyone was still wary of the Jinwu people on the right side of the Taiyi Sect.
"Those Jinwu people are just going to surrender to our Greater One Heavenly Palace?"
Some people felt that it was inconceivable. This kind of submission was too childish …
"Not to seek refuge with our Greater One Heavenly Palace, but to serve Luo Zheng!"
"Yes, that Luo Zheng used to be our Banner Lord!"
This explanation still sounded hard to accept, but the truth was right in front of them.
Bai Hu sat next to Luo Zheng. He seemed to be meditating with his eyes closed.
Millions upon millions of Golden Crows were under Bai Hu's control. Those Golden Crows had already spread out at an extremely fast speed. They would not let go of any corners along the way …
Unfortunately, Bai Hu maintained this posture for a long time without any reaction. This meant that he did not gain anything at all.
Phoenix secretly observed Luo Zheng's expression from the side. This guy also had a worried expression?
She roughly knew the whole story of this matter.
That Evil Deities who were once unparalleled in the Chaotic Origin Great World had been refined into a Dao Refinement Avatar by this brat. However, he did not erase the memory of the Evil Deities, allowing the Evil Deities to escape.
In Phoenix's heart, she could not help but admit that Luo Zheng was a freak. The lifeform in his inner world was actually so powerful. That Evil Deities only needed to be nurtured slightly, and they could become the peak characters in the black ship.
Gan Gao Han and Ning Xu Yuan were also very concerned about Luo Zheng.
Even though they could not understand how important that "Dao Refinement Avatar" was to Luo Zheng, they still sent people to search for it. Li Bianxue was one of the people searching for it.
Ning Xu Yuan brought the Divine General, Tai Yiwei, and many Nirvana Realm experts back to North Xuan City.
This search lasted for three days and three nights. They covered a considerable area of Qi Bei Prefecture, but they still did not find anything.
"Forget it, Elder Gan. Let's return to North Xuan City first before making a decision," Luo Zheng said to Gan Gao Han with cupped fists.
After that, he asked Bai Hu to recall all the Golden Crows and brought many Jinwu people back to North Xuan City with the experts from various mountains.
But just as everyone returned to North Xuan City, a strange scene suddenly appeared in the sky. A huge sun appeared in the sky, and the entire Qi Bei Prefecture could see it clearly.
"Weng …"
That huge sun trembled, and it turned from one to two, three, four, five … Finally, there were nine suns floating in the sky.
When Phoenix, Ming Shi, and the others saw these nine suns, their expressions changed drastically.
"Nine Suns Apocalypse!"
"Di Jun is here!"
"Oh no, he wants to destroy Qi Bei Prefecture?"
Most of the Jinwu people who followed behind Luo Zheng were Di Jun's personal guards. Naturally, they could recognize the origin of those huge suns in the sky.
In fact, there was no need for these Jinwu people to remind them. Others could also see it.
When the nine suns appeared, the temperature of the entire Qi Bei Prefecture soared. The water in all the rivers and lakes boiled rapidly. Those mortals who lived in remote mountainous areas died instantly.
Ordinary mortals in North Xuan City had already evacuated. The weakest ones who stayed here were at the Nirvana Realm. Naturally, they could withstand the temperature.
But in the face of the nine rapidly expanding suns, they still fell into panic.
When Gan Gao Han and Ning Xuyuan saw this scene, their faces were also filled with shock. The most primitive worry in their hearts was suddenly aroused.
In the war with Jinwu, the biggest crisis of Great Heavenly Palace was not the advancing Golden Crows, but Donghuang Taiyi and Elder Ying being trapped!
If Di Jun personally took action, who could stop him?
From this point of view, Great Heavenly Palace had already lost without a fight!
As the war began, Di Jun did not appear. Gan Gao Han naturally had a trace of luck in his heart. Di Jun might not come.
No matter what, Luo Zheng had helped the Heavenly Palace get through this stage and won some time. He hoped that Donghuang could leave the Nirvana Realm as soon as possible.
But just as they returned to North Xuan City, the scene in the sky shattered Gan Gao Han's fantasy.
"Everyone retreat to the teleportation array!"
"Retreat to the Center God Province!"
"…"
The entire North Xuan City was in an uproar. Everyone was rushing towards the teleportation array.
During this process, the nine suns in the sky became bigger as if they were going to crash down on the ground.
"Feng! Feng … "
All the flowers and trees in Qi Bei Prefecture were being roasted. The temperature was rapidly rising.
It was still fine for Chaotic Origin Realm experts. This bit of scorching heat could be withstood by the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
But to ordinary Nirvana Realm experts, it was difficult!
Some people's clothes were ignited, turning them into flaming humans. Under the blazing flames, those people were roaring in pain.
The teleportation array in North Xuan City was not big. As they fought to be first, they were squeezed into a bundle. The flames even spread on these people.
"Hua!"
At this moment, a blue umbrella opened above North Xuan City. The one who acted was an expert from the Great Brightness Mountain.

Chapter 3316
The nine huge suns expanded rapidly, and the temperature rose rapidly.
When the flowers and trees turned into ashes, the mountain rocks exploded one by one, making an earth-shattering sound.
"Let's go!"
"If we don't teleport out, we'll be dead!"
"You guys go first …"
Some of the Nirvana Realm cultivators were crying, and some were roaring.
However, the teleportation portal was only so big. Even if three of them squeezed into it, it might take some time for them to teleport out.
The people at the back of the line were filled with anxiety!
"Get out of my way!"
A five-star Tai Yiwei roared.
In their desperation to escape, many of them did not care about their dignity and modesty.
This five-star Tai Yiwei immediately took out his Nirvana Realm Token, which was a huge white skull. This skull belonged to the Southern Sky Rhinoceros in the twelfth layer of heaven. The Southern Sky Rhinoceros was the most powerful Nirvana Realm creature in the twelfth layer of heaven. It could not be tamed and kept as a Nirvana Realm Token.
After killing it, the Nirvana Realm power in its skull was shocking, and it was very tough.
He held the skull of the Southern Sky Rhinoceros and rammed forward.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
A large number of people in front of him fell, and dozens of people were sent flying. Some of them were seriously injured.
Just as this five-star Tai Yiwei was about to crash into the teleportation portal, a needle-like sword ray descended from the sky and landed gently on the skull of the Southern Sky Rhinoceros.
"Cha …"
A thin line of damage appeared in the center of the Southern Sky Rhino's skull. Behind the skull, the Five-Star Taiyi Guard's forehead, nose, neck, and chest had a bloody line on his entire body.
"Plop …"
His entire body was split into two by this needle-like sword ray.
"If you want to enter the teleportation portal, you have to line up obediently. This is the consequence of anyone who violates the order!"
A crisp voice came from mid-air. It was Li Bianxue who spoke.
Hechi ordered her to maintain the order. Looking at the chaotic crowd, she did not know where to start. Who knew that someone would use the Nirvana Realm Token to crush her companions? Li Bianxue was furious.
Under such circumstances, if chaos really broke out, everyone would probably take out their Nirvana tokens one after another.
In fact, Li Bianxue had already sensed the aura of many Nirvana Realm tokens. If these people were to use the Nirvana Realm tokens to fight with their lives on the line, not to mention escaping, the teleportation portal would probably be destroyed immediately. As a result, no one would be able to escape!
Li Bianxue also decisively killed him.
On the one hand, this person deserved to die. On the other hand, he had greatly intimidated the others.
Those Tai Yiwei in the Nirvana Realm stared at the five-star Tai Yiwei that had been sliced into two with horrified expressions.
Many of them had indeed intended to use their Nirvana Realm tokens to resist. Now, they had also silently put away their Nirvana Realm tokens.
He took it back.
The originally crowded and chaotic group gradually regained order.
Just as Li Bianxue heaved a sigh of relief, she suddenly heard an explosion coming from above.
"Crackle …"
A crack had already appeared on the ice blue umbrella.
The heat emitted by the nine gigantic suns was getting stronger and stronger. The powerhouse of Mount Taiming was obviously unable to hold on any longer. No matter how he squeezed the Nirvana Realm token, or even desperately replenished the divine crystal, he could not maintain the umbrella!
"Crackle, crackle, crackle …"
The cracks on the surface of the umbrella became bigger and bigger. A crack appeared in the middle of the umbrella. Scorching rays of light shone down from the crack and shone on the bodies of the Tai Yiwei.
"Ah …"
Following a series of screams, these Tai Yiwei were reduced to ashes.
Seeing this scene, almost everyone's heart skipped a beat.
They thought that with their strength, they would be able to hold on for a while under the light of the nine suns. Seeing the fate of these Tai Yiwei, their hearts were filled with fear. Once the umbrella collapsed, it was easy to imagine what would happen to them.
Luo Zheng furrowed his brows and looked at the sky. It seemed like nothing could block these suns …
"Crackle …"
Just as he was looking at the sky, another crack opened. Rays of light shone down from the crack. It was as if a divine sword of light had descended from the sky and was swimming around Beixuan City. Someone below screamed.
"Dodge!"
"It's coming, it's coming!"
"The crack is spreading towards us …"
The person who was screaming was actually Lai Huabei!
Lai Huabei's talent was worlds apart from the disciples of Dao Sword Palace.
Even with the resources of Dragon City, he was unable to step into the Nirvana Realm.
Although Dao Sword Palace was in urgent need of manpower, True Gods below the Nirvana Realm would not be recruited. Lai Huabei was not even qualified to enter Qi Bei Region …
However, Lai Huabei was a very loyal person. He knew that the disciples of Dao Sword Palace might not be able to return, so he followed Yin Yuehuan to Qi Bei Region without hesitation.
At the same time, this kid's luck was exceptionally good. After going back and forth with Jinwu for a few times, he was not injured at all.
But as the crack spread in his direction, the light sword formed by the rays of the sun slashed towards him. With just a light sweep, he would be reduced to ashes.
Lai Huabei screamed and retreated, but no one could withstand the rays of light …
The scorching waves came and Lai Huabei almost fainted. Just as he was about to give up, a huge shadow blocked him. It was a Golden Crow Corpse Spirit.
This Golden Crow Corpse Spirit was personally created by Di Jun. It was impervious to water and fire. Even existences like Phoenix could not destroy it. It could withstand the rays of light.
"Rise!"
Under Luo Zheng's control, the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit spread its wings and rose up, blocking the crack of the umbrella.
Lai Huabei also heaved a sigh of relief and looked gratefully at "Brother Luo Zheng" in the air.
When he was in Heaven's Wall City, he got to know Brother Luo Zheng. At that time, he and Luo Zheng were both at the Great Perfection Realm. But now, Luo Zheng was an existence that he looked up to. According to Yin Yuehuan and Su Kuan, Luo Zheng even relied on his own strength to reverse the war!
What kind of concept was this …
Perhaps only existences like Donghuang could do something like this.
Being able to know Luo Zheng was probably his greatest fortune.
More and more cracks appeared on the umbrella. Luo Zheng also constantly commanded the Golden Crow Corpse Spirit to rise. The Golden Crow Corpse Spirit could spread its wings for hundreds of feet. With the advantage of its size, it was enough to block the cracks.
Not long after, over a hundred Golden Crow Corpse Spirits had all ascended into the air, and like a huge patch, they landed on the umbrella.
The expert of Taiming Mountain was still struggling to hold on. His face was getting paler and paler. Obviously, he had pushed himself to the limit.
"Buzz!"
As the rays of the nine suns grew stronger, the expert's face flashed with a touch of dark red. He roared, "I can't hold on anymore!"
A crackling sound came from the ice-blue umbrella. It seemed that it was going to break completely!
"Let me!"

Chapter 3317
The experts from the six mountains had just retreated back to the North Xuan City. Naturally, they did not have the time to construct the array.
Now, they could only rely on their own methods to resist the nine suns.
But as the nine suns expanded, the heat they released became more and more terrifying.
Jing Ping was stronger than that expert from the Great Brightness Mountain. But in just a few breaths of time after this barrier was constructed, it was already strenuous for her!
"Shua …"
The newly constructed barrier was constantly distorting and deforming. It would collapse at any moment.
"Let me do it!"
One of the experts from the Great Brightness Mountain acted. He turned into a huge piece of black silk cloth.
This silk cloth seemed to want to wrap up the sky, blocking out all the light.
But he lasted for a shorter time than Jing Ping. After five breaths of time, a layer of flame ignited on the surface of the black silk cloth. It was actually ignited!
Even though there were other experts who were eager to try and take over, they did not have much time left!
Luo Zheng looked at the teleportation array. It had been a while, yet not many people had left. The disciples of the Dao Sword Palace were located on the west side of the road. They had only moved about 30 meters or so …
At this speed, it would be good if one-third of the people in the North Xuan City could leave.
Previously, those god generals were still calm. Even though the nine suns were powerful, they could still resist against it.
But given the current situation, even if they reached the Chaotic Origin Realm, they would still be burned to ashes.
The god generals had thoughts of retreating. They wanted to escape through the teleportation array!
"Senior Di Jun, is there a way to break this Nine Sun Apocalyptic Divine Ability?" Luo Zheng asked.
He understood himself the best. Being the late Emperor of the Jinwu, Di Jun should be very familiar with the Nine Sun Apocalyptic Divine Ability.
Di Jun's illusory figure appeared. He stared at the nine suns in the sky.
Those slender eyes of his flashed with a strand of reminiscence. After a while, he replied, "There is naturally a way to break the Nine Sun Apocalyptic Divine Ability. But the cultivation technique I know … you can't use it."
"Then others can too!" Luo Zheng immediately said.
Luo Zheng might not be strong enough, but there were many Mountain Masters, Gan Gao Han, Ning Xu Yuan, and other experts present.
"They can't use it either." Di Jun said with certainty.
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng's brows immediately furrowed.
He was not afraid of being burned by the flames, but the Nirvana Realm cultivators below were in trouble …
Luo Zheng glanced around and happened to meet Yin Yuehuan's eyes. Yin Yuehuan forced a smile at Luo Zheng.
She knew that Luo Zheng was busy, so she didn't try to communicate with Luo Zheng.
At this point, Yin Yuehuan still had hope for Luo Zheng in her heart.
He could rely on his own strength to turn the tide of the battle. Perhaps he could also deal with this scorching sun?
These people who had once followed Luo Zheng had unconditional trust in Luo Zheng. It was also because of this blind trust that he, the Dao Sword Palace disciples, Su Kuan and the others were the calmest.
"Is there really no other way?" Luo Zheng asked.
Disgust flashed across Di Jun's face as she said, "There are other ways, but you shouldn't have asked me for it."
"Who are you looking for? Heavenly Lord Yuanshi? "Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Di Jun had helped Luo Zheng a lot during the battle with Jinwu, but Heavenly Lord Yuanshi was definitely the strongest in the Instrument of Civilization.
"No, it's Hou Yi." Di Jun answered.
"Hou Yi?" Luo Zheng had seen Hou Yi in the temple before. He was the expert who had shot countless stars with his bow.
Di Jun nodded with an unconvinced look on her face. "He once used the Sun-Shooting Divine Bow to break my Nine Suns World Destroying Super Power …"
Di Jun's voice was filled with hatred when she mentioned this.
Luo Zheng could tell that there seemed to be a lot of hatred between Di Jun and Hou Yi.
However, no matter how great the hatred was, it was something that happened more than a thousand chaos eras ago.
Luo Zheng only wanted to deal with the nine suns in the sky. Without any delay, he sent his thoughts into the Inner World and communicated with Heavenly Lord Yuanshi. Heavenly Lord Yuanshi also admired Hou Yi very much, so he summoned Hou Yi out of the Instrument of Civilization …
"Buzz …"
The shadow of a long-haired man appeared above Luo Zheng's head again. Two heads appeared above Luo Zheng's head, which looked very strange from afar. However, due to the critical situation, not many people paid attention to it.
"Oh, nine suns!"
Hou Yi looked at the scorching suns in the sky and laughed cheerfully. Di Jun, who was next to him, glared at him fiercely, the corners of his eyes trembling.
Di Jun was invincible in the 77th Instrument of Civilization.
The Nine Suns World Destroying Super Power allowed him to dominate the Star Field and lead Jinwu to victory. However, he had encountered Hou Yi, who was his nemesis.
Di Jun had always regarded that battle as his humiliation.
"Senior Hou Yi, I wonder if you have a way to deal with these suns?" Luo Zheng asked respectfully.
It was not difficult to communicate with these seniors in the Instrument of Civilization. After all, from the moment they acknowledged Luo Zheng, their fates were bound to Luo Zheng's.
Hou Yi smiled and said, "It's easy. The Nine Suns World Destroying Super Power is much weaker than it was in the past!"
"It's not that far off," Di Jun muttered, "and you're in a useless state now. How can it be easy?"
The nine expanding suns in front of Hou Yi were indeed similar to the Theurgy that Emperor Jun had once used. But then again, Hou Yi was not here in person. Like Emperor Jun, he was just a wisp of spirit attached to the Instrument of Civilization.
However, Hou Yi was still full of confidence. He asked, "Luo Zheng, are you not afraid of fire?"
"I'm not afraid of fire. However, the Nine Suns World Destroying Super Power is too powerful. I may not be able to bear it," Luo Zheng replied.
Hou Yi waved his hand gently. As the Instrument of Civilization in Luo Zheng's body fluctuated, a golden longbow appeared beside Luo Zheng. Hou Yi shrugged and said, "Then it's a little troublesome. I can't come in person. Although I can give you Divine Sense, your strength is not enough.
At this distance, you have no choice but to go close to those suns. "
"Go close to them … …"
Luo Zheng looked up at the sky. Although he was very confident in his physical body, at least he had never been hurt by fire before.
However, these nine suns were the Divine Sense that Di Jun had used with all his strength. It was incomparable to the ordinary Golden Crow Divine Fire … …
Hesitation flashed across his face. Given the current situation, Luo Zheng had no other choice. He could only say, "I'll go!"
Whoosh!
Luo Zheng stepped on the back of a Golden Crow Corpse Spirit and flew into the sky.
Gan Gaohan watched Luo Zheng fly into the sky with a puzzled expression. "Divine General Luo Zheng, why are you going?"
"I'm going to extinguish those scorching suns," Luo Zheng replied.
"You're going?"
This time, not only Gan Gaohan, but also the experts on the mountains were puzzled.

Chapter 3318
Phoenix and the rest of the Jinwu people also watched silently as Luo Zheng soared into the sky.
Rationally, they hoped that Luo Zheng would die, but instinctively, they were very worried about Luo Zheng.
All of the Jinwu people were in this dilemma, and it was very uncomfortable …
"Swoosh!"
The moment Luo Zheng drilled out of the barrier, his entire body turned white. The intense light was so bright that Luo Zheng could not open his eyes.
"Buzz …"
The Sanskrit characters on Luo Zheng's body appeared. As they spun, they began to absorb the heat.
"Whoosh!"
After reaching a height of ten thousand feet, the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit's body, which was originally impervious to fire and water, suddenly burst into flames. The feathers of the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit were all burned!
"These flames are so powerful!" Luo Zheng exclaimed.
He did not know how Di Jun had created the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit. These Golden Crow Zombie Spirits were extremely powerful. Even though the Jinwu people were powerful, they could not burn or tear apart the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit.
Now, the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit's feathers had already been set ablaze after reaching a height of ten thousand feet. If he continued to climb closer to the sun, how terrifying would the temperature be?
He was not sure if he could withstand it …
However, at this point, there was no turning back.
Luo Zheng stood upright on the back of the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit. His eyes flashed with determination. The Golden Crow Zombie Spirit flapped its flaming wings and sped up!
The nine suns were still expanding, but their positions were also slowly shifting to the south. It was obvious that they wanted to pour all of their heat into Beixuan City.
As Luo Zheng continued to ascend, the temperature also increased.
"Crack …"
A cracking sound came from under Luo Zheng's feet.
The bones of the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit had been burned until they exploded.
After the bones of the wings exploded, the entire body of the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit was exposed …
With a burst of popping sounds, the Golden Crow Zombie Spirit broke into pieces and quickly disintegrated, scattering downward.
Luo Zheng lightly tapped the ground with his feet and jumped off the back of the Golden Crow corpse spirit, flying up alone.
"Is this distance enough?" Luo Zheng asked.
He had already risen to a height of eighty thousand feet, and the suns were like white mountains pressing down on his head. They looked very close, but in reality, there was still a considerable distance between them.
"Not enough," Hou Yi replied.
Luo Zheng frowned and had no choice but to continue upward …
"Huff huff huff …"
The golden vortex continued to spin, and the heat was sucked into the vortex without any suspense. The small vortexes on the surface of Luo Zheng's body were like little monsters that couldn't eat their fill. They were still stubbornly swallowing the heat.
Seeing that there was nothing wrong with his body, Luo Zheng was slightly relieved.
If this Nine Suns World Exterminating Divine Ability couldn't burn him to death, then there was probably no flame in this world that could do anything to him …
While Luo Zheng was still rapidly rising, another twist and turn occurred in Beixuan City.
Many powerhouses took turns to open up barriers to resist the scorching sun, but no matter how hard they tried, the time they could maintain it was getting shorter and shorter!
An aura of despair was spreading across the entire Beixuan City.
It wasn't just those Tai Yiwei and Paramita Realm experts who felt despair. Even a portion of god generals had fallen into despair. Chaotic Origin Realm experts could not hold on for long. The moment the barrier was destroyed, they would die too!
Li Bianxue stood above the teleportation array. She held onto a thin sword. Her pair of intelligent eyes were vigilantly observing her surroundings.
Previously, she had killed one as a warning to the others, stopping the uproar in Beixuan City and stabilizing the situation.
But as the barrier above Beixuan City continued breaking apart, everyone felt that the situation was getting more and more dangerous. It was possible that in the next breath of time, those big shots on the various mountains could no longer hold on. Everyone would be turned into ashes along with this Beixuan City.
"I should be the first one to leave!"
Not far away, a god general who was similarly responsible for guarding the teleportation array roared. He drew his bow and shot towards the teleportation array.
Several other god generals originally harbored the same thought. Under the lead of that god general, the other god generals also charged towards the teleportation array!
"Scram for me!"
The god general at the front punched out towards the teleportation array.
"Hong!"
This god general was much stronger than those Paramita Realm experts. With just a light punch, the shockwave sent everyone in front of the teleportation array flying.
"You dare!"
Li Bianxue frowned when she saw this. She slashed down with her thin sword, causing a thin sword light to shoot out.
That god general was an outstanding expert amongst the many god generals. He had once come out from the Second Floor of the Land of Sword Grief. But now, he was strong enough to enter the Third Floor. In addition to Li Bianxue not using her full strength, he did not dodge at all. Instead, he extended his hand to block.
A black shield appeared out of thin air in front of the divine general and blocked the thin sword ray with a "ping" sound.
Li Bianxue flipped in midair and continued stabbing out with her thin sword.
"Da da da da da …"
The thin sword light was like a storm as it pierced towards that god general. That god general used his black shield to protect himself!
However, Li Bianxue was much stronger than this god general. As the long and thin sword light approached, the god general was forced to retreat. He was getting further and further away from the teleportation array!
That god general was very brave in the battle with the Jinwu. He guarded the Beichi Pass where he was at and did not retreat. Now, even escaping was an extravagant hope. Moreover, he was forced to retreat by Li Bianxue's sword light. He was filled with grief and indignation.
"Since you won't let me live, then let's all die!"
The god general roared and burned the black shield in his hand.
The extreme pain caused his face to become distorted and terrifying. The black shield burned and turned into pitch-black fragments that merged with his fist.
He suddenly swung his fist and smashed it towards the teleportation array!
Li Bianxue was shocked. This god general's status and identity were not low. She did not kill him and only forced him to retreat. She did not expect him to be so extreme as to fight with his life!
One could imagine the power of a punch that burned the Paramita token. Even someone as strong as Li Bianxue could not take it head-on.
"Boom!"
Accompanied by a loud boom, the teleportation array was smashed into pieces. Many Paramita realm cultivators in the queue were also affected.
The experts on the various mountains were all paying attention to the sun in the sky. They were all racking their brains to open a layer of enchantment to buy time for the people from the Heavenly Palace to retreat. Even the people from the Jinwu joined in.
The roar attracted everyone's attention. Even the Mountain Chieftains could not remain calm when they saw this scene.
Beixuan City was still quite a distance away from the border of Qi Bei State. Even if someone as strong as the mountain masters used the Great Shift, they would not be able to jump back to the Center God Province.

Chapter 3319
Of course, Luo Zheng did not know what had happened in Beixuan City. He kept climbing and was getting closer and closer to one of the suns.
The huge light above his head formed a strange swirl of flames in the opposite direction, as if all the flames were spat out from it.
However, the situation of Luo Zheng's body was the opposite. The swirls spun in the opposite direction and absorbed the flames spat out from them.
In Luo Zheng's perception, apart from the small swirls on his body, there was only the huge swirl left between heaven and earth. At this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly had a strange thought.
"Did Emperor Jun really release the flames in the sun? Or did they come from somewhere else? "Luo Zheng asked.
He felt that the flames in the sun seemed to be pouring out from another space, and the swirls on his body were swallowing the flames in another space!
Although neither his body nor the huge swirl in the sun had any spatial fluctuations, Luo Zheng's sixth sense told him that it should be the case …
Hearing Luo Zheng's question, Hou Yi and Emperor Jun looked at each other quietly with a hint of surprise in their eyes.
Emperor Jun laughed and said, "The Nine Suns World Destroying Divine Sense naturally comes from my bloodline. How could it come from somewhere else?"
Luo Zheng stared at the expanding sun with a puzzled look. "It seems so, but the flames in the swirl do seem to be drawn from somewhere else …"
"Isn't it the Higan Realm?" Hou Yi asked jokingly.
Luo Zheng shook his head. "It shouldn't be the Higan Realm. It's not the Shenjun Realm."
Emperor Jun praised, "What a keen intuition. I remember that it was dozens of Divine Epochs later when the Heavenly Lord of the Origin realized this …"
"What is it?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"The energy in the Chaos doesn't come from the Chaos," Emperor Jun answered.
The energy in the Chaos doesn't come from the Chaos …
Luo Zheng murmured to himself. He still found it hard to understand. "How is that possible? Then our powers all come from outside the Chaos?"
"Yes," Emperor Jun said affirmatively.
"But I couldn't sense it at all," Luo Zheng said.
"Because the amount of energy is not enough. If the energy reaches the level of Nine Suns Destroy the World, it can be observed. So you feel that the sun is rotating," Emperor Jun said.
From something as small as a mortal lighting a torch to something as big as a Nirvana Realm expert shattering the heavens and earth, the energy was all related to the outside of Chaos. However, the level of energy was still too small, so it was impossible for people to notice this point. However, when the level of energy reached a certain level, the things that appeared before people's eyes were different.
Some things could only be observed after a qualitative change occurred.
"Weight …"
Hearing Dijun's explanation, Luo Zheng felt it was reasonable. He did have such a feeling just now.
But what about his physical body?
His physical body was not releasing energy, but devouring energy. How could this be explained?
What Luo Zheng did not know was that the Heavenly Primogenitor was already a genius among geniuses for making such a conjecture. After all, the Heavenly Primogenitor at that time knew almost nothing about the outside of the chaos. Such a conjecture was like an ant calculating the height of the sky.
This proved that the Heavenly Primogenitor was right!
This was also the reason why many powerful human experts were willing to follow the Heavenly Primogenitor.
They did not continue discussing this issue. Luo Zheng was relatively close to the first sun. The Sun Shooting Divine Bow strapped across Luo Zheng's shoulder let out waves of humming sounds. This golden bow seemed to have a consciousness of its own and was excited.
Even though the Sun Shooting Divine Technique was given to him by Hou Yi, in reality, it was still a part of the Tool of Civilization. Just like the green feather of the Wing King, it was a Nirvana Token in the Tool of Civilization.
Luo Zheng pulled the bow. He pulled the bowstring with one hand and suddenly pulled. His technique was very experienced.
"Cha …"
His finger moved to the side, yet this thin bowstring was not pulled.
If not for the protection of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin, Luo Zheng's finger would have been cut by the bowstring!
"This bow can't be pulled?" Luo Zheng asked with a puzzled expression.
Hou Yi chuckled, "This bow of mine naturally can't be pulled casually. Just relying on strength isn't enough!"
"Then what should I do?" Luo Zheng asked.
"You can pull it again now." Hou Yi added.
When Luo Zheng pulled the bowstring again, Hou Yi began chanting. Strands of golden light were released along with Hou Yi's illusory figure. They turned into a layer of imprint beside Luo Zheng.
"Weng!"
Just as this layer of imprint disappeared, Luo Zheng pulled the bowstring by half a chi. But after half a chi, the bowstring could not be pulled anymore …
Hou Yi chanted words once again. These words seemed to have been passed down from the 77th Primal Chaos. Every word was filled with energy.
"Weng!"
The golden imprint once again enveloped Luo Zheng. When the imprint disappeared, Luo Zheng pulled the golden bow by half a chi again.
This process repeated six times!
This time, the Sun Chasing Divine Technique was pulled to its limit.
Luo Zheng aimed at the huge sun not far away. In reality, there was no need for him to aim at this angle.
"Can I just release the bow directly?" Luo Zheng asked.
Some formidable bows did not require arrows. They could simply condense the void.
"I forgot that I did not give you the Sun Destroying Divine Arrow." Hou Yi slapped his forehead.
The corner of Di Jun's eyes twitched. He still felt that it was unforgivable for him to be defeated by such an idiot.
Luo Zheng's face was also full of helplessness. But he could only endure it since this person was a senior of the Human Tribe.
Hou Yi stretched out his hand and gently brushed the Sun-Shooting Divine Bow. A golden arrow was attached to the bow.
The bowstring was pulled and the arrow was in place. Luo Zheng did not hesitate anymore!
"Pop!"
The Sun Destroying Divine Arrow shot directly into the whirlpool.
The Sun Destroying Divine Arrow was completely different from what Luo Zheng had imagined. It did not have the power to destroy the world. It was like an ordinary arrow flying towards the sun. Even its speed was not satisfactory.
"Can the Sun Destroying Divine Arrow really destroy the sun?" Luo Zheng asked doubtfully.
Hou Yi's face was full of pride. Before he could answer, Di Jun answered first, "Of course it can. His Sun Destroying Divine Arrow does not destroy the sun with greater power. Instead, it extinguishes the sun."
According to the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi's theory, the energy in the Chaos did not come from the Chaos. Then, all the energy came from other places.
The same was true for these suns.
The power of Hou Yi's Sun Destroying Divine Arrow was that it could cut off the connection between two places and cut off the supply of energy.
Di Jun's Divine Ability was completely restrained by this point.
In fact, Hou Yi's strength was far inferior to Di Jun's, but Di Jun could not do anything to him.
"Whoosh …"
The Sun Destroying Divine Arrow shot into the center of the sun at a steady pace.
A small black dot spread out …
The black dot spread out rapidly and rotated against the whirlpool in the sun.

Chapter 3320
There was no world-shaking explosion. There was no deafening explosion. The sun simply disappeared from Luo Zheng's vision.
"I just shot down a sun like that?" Luo Zheng grabbed onto the Sun Chasing God Bow in a daze.
Hou Yi chuckled: "Why? Don't tell me you are hoping for a firework? "
Luo Zheng rolled his eyes at Hou Yi.
Regardless of the process, he did rely on this Sun Shooting God Bow to extinguish a sun.
Currently, he did not know how long the experts in the North Mystery City could hold on. Hence, extinguishing the remaining suns was the most important matter.
Luo Zheng kept the golden bow before flying towards the next sun.
…
God Loathing Prefecture located more than a hundred great prefectures away.
There was a huge abyss at the center of the prefecture. Several people were standing at the bottom of this abyss.
And right in front of these three people was a huge crack.
This crack was extremely strange. It seemed like it was embedded into the stone wall, yet it also seemed parallel to space.
Standing at the bottom of the crack was a tall and sturdy male. This male was none other than Mountain who fought with Luo Zheng before.
"Mountain" cupped his hands towards those people, saying: "I'll be entering first."
A male closest to "Mountain" chuckled, "Are you not willing to fuse with it just like that?"
Mountain had a calm expression, "I am originally one with it. After fusing with it, what you see might be me or it. What is there to be willing to do?"
That male nodded. Only then did he say: "Go on."
Mountain took a step towards the crack.
At that moment, his body was enveloped by countless mirror spaces, turning into many fragments.
These fragments did not split Mountain apart. Naturally, they would not trigger the Chaotic Origin Spirit within the mountain. The countless fragments reflected a complete "Mountain" that stepped into that crack.
"Wu –"
At the moment when the fragments of "Mountain" entered the crack, an enormous eyeball appeared.
This crack was over four million meters tall and three million meters wide. But after that eyeball filled the crack, it only revealed the tip of the iceberg.
Even those standing before the crack were the apex experts of the Mother World. Under the gaze of the eyeball, these people were still nervous. Only when that eyeball disappeared did they let out a sigh of relief.
These people were the top experts of the Golden Crow, Shennong, You Xiong, and other clans.
Standing in the front was a man wearing a black cloak. His eyes shone with a sharp light. That was Ji Xuanyuan, the leader of You Xiong Family.
"There shouldn't be any accidents this time?" Ji Xuanyuan asked.
Lie Shan of the Shennong Clan nodded slightly. "The purge will go smoothly, but …"
As he spoke, he looked at Di Jun who was not far away.
All of these plans had a prerequisite, and that was the Grand Descent.
Although they had obtained half of the Ring of Descent, their fate after descending was very tragic.
After deducing, they locked their gazes onto those golden Chaotic Origin Spirits in Luo Zheng's hands. Perhaps they had missed out on those treasures, causing them to fail in their descent.
Originally, Greater One Sky Palace was the first target to be destroyed, and because of this matter, the process was sped up.
With Elder Ying and the East Empress under control, it should not be difficult for the Jinwu to destroy the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
But the news that Di Jun sent back was not optimistic.
Di Jun shrunk into a snow-white cloak, revealing his delicate face. His willow-like eyes flickered as he said, "All the living forces of the Greater One Heavenly Palace are in the Northern Qi Prefecture. Under the Nine Suns Apocalypse, I will destroy the Northern Qi Prefecture and obtain those treasures.
Here we are. "
Di Jun looked calm on the surface, but he was furious in his heart.
Even though he was a seed of the real Di Jun and was just a clone, his bloodline, strength, and mood were very similar to the original Di Jun.
He had never thought that the Jinwu would be defeated so badly …
And it was an extremely humiliating way for them to be captured by those fellows from the Heavenly Palace!
The enraged Di Jun finally cast the Nine Suns Apocalypse Super Power.
Every time the Jinwu attacked a prefecture, they would bring the Nine Suns Inscriptions into it. The Nine Suns Inscriptions were created by Di Jun's bloodline. No matter how far away he was, he could use them to execute the Nine Suns Apocalypse.
But this was just a safety measure. He had never thought of using this ability before.
"Huh?"
Just as Di Jun finished speaking, his slender eyes suddenly opened and his eyebrows knitted tightly.
"What's wrong, Brother Di Jun? Did someone break your Nine Suns Apocalypse?" Lie Shan smiled faintly.
He was just joking.
Once Di Jun used this ability, there was no room for recovery.
Not to mention that the Greater One Heavenly Palace lacked Donghuang and Elder Ying, even if they came in person, they could only escape with their subordinates …
"One of the suns was extinguished," Di Jun said with a look of disbelief.
Ji Xuanyuan, who was standing at the front, also turned his head when he heard this. There was a look of surprise on his face. "How is that possible?"
"It was extinguished. Let me take a look." Di Jun stretched out two fingers and gently waved in front of his eyes. A blazing white light appeared in his pupils. He saw the world that was scorched by the scorching sun.
In his vision, the whole world became clearer and clearer. Soon, he saw Luo Zheng flying in the air.
He held a golden longbow and flew toward the second sun.
An absurd thought came to Di Jun's mind …
Could it be that the sun was extinguished by this brat's arrow?
Just as Di Jun was thinking this, Luo Zheng pulled the bowstring. Imprints covered his body and his bow before he shot an arrow.
"Xiu …"
The power of that arrow was so laughable in Di Jun's eyes.
It flew into the center of the sun unhurriedly, turned into a small black ball, dissipated, and disappeared.
A huge sun also disappeared along with it.
"This …"
The corner of Di Jun's eyes kept twitching. It was as though he had seen the most unbelievable scene.
"How was it extinguished, Brother Di Jun?"
The two supreme experts, Lie Shan and Ji Xuanyuan, were greatly interested.
Di Jun snorted. He opened two of his fingers and a space appeared in front of them. That space reflected the figure of Luo Zheng holding the longbow.
"Is this the brat who held the Sword Tengshe?" Ji Xuanyuan asked.
"That's him." Lie Shan nodded.
After the battle in the Chaotic Origin Great World, Luo Zheng was naturally listed as a key target to be monitored.
However, Luo Zheng did not leave the Paramita World other than roaming around. Hence, the several super forces could not target Luo Zheng.
They were planning to kill Luo Zheng and Feng Ge in the Paramita World. In the end, even a Heavenly Master sacrificed himself while Luo Zheng and Feng Ge remained unharmed.
"This brat is not afraid of the scorching sun?" Lie Shan asked. He thought that this was what Di Jun wanted to show him.
"No, he extinguished my sun." Di Jun pointed at Luo Zheng.

Chapter 3321
Buzz …
As a series of seals enveloped Luo Zheng, the Sunchaser Divine Bow was drawn again.
The seemingly ordinary arrow shot toward the center of the sun in a leisurely manner.
With a flash of black light, the huge sun was extinguished.
Lie Shan, Dihong, and the other experts watched the scene in silence. Although they didn't show it on their faces, they couldn't hide the shock in their eyes.
They were not surprised by the fact that the sun had been extinguished. After all, at their level, what kind of scene had they not seen before?
Not to mention extinguishing a sun, even if dozens of provinces were destroyed in front of them, they could still do it without batting an eyelid.
However, Luo Zheng's method of extinguishing the sun was too strange. It was so strange that they could not comprehend it …
"Is it a Nirvana Token?" Lie Shan asked.
"It should be the ability of a Nirvana Token," Dijun said with certainty.
Ji Xuanyuan shook his head and said, "A Nirvana Token that can extinguish a sun with an arrow doesn't exist in the Three Pure Heavens. It's impossible for this kid to inherit a Nirvana Token from the Three Pure Heavens."
The experts behind Ji Xuanyuan nodded in agreement with his judgment.
There were indeed a lot of accidents and incomprehensible things in this world. Some mysterious Nirvana Realm tokens possessed unreasonable powers, but the "unreasonable" here was relative to the average strong man.
The experts present were basically existences that stood at the top of their homeworld and the Nirvana Realm. Their vision could not be measured by common sense.
There were not many things that could make them so confused.
Rumble …
Just as the experts were puzzled, the eye appeared in the huge crack next to them again.
The eyes were also observing the scene transmitted by Emperor Jun.
Coo …
"He can do it. He can see it. It's a space outside of space …"
The voice from the crack was like the roar of thunder surging in the sky, ringing in everyone's ears.
As the Ancient God of Chaos in charge of space, it was the most sensitive to space in the entire homeworld. When it saw that scene, a strange feeling rose in the depths of its heart.
"A space outside of space? What is that?" Dihong Ji Xuanyuan asked.
The huge eye in the crack was silent for a while before it continued, "I don't know. It's a rule of another space, above the truth of space."
"What?"
"Above the truth?"
"Is there anything in this world that transcends the truth?"
The experts behind Ji Xuanyuan turned pale with fright.
However, Emperor Jun, Shennong of the Lie Shan Clan, and the Minyue Clan Leader remained calm.
After they followed Genryū, Genryū revealed some very special information to them, allowing them to understand the true nature of Chaos.
Truth was indeed the unbreakable rule of this world, but it didn't mean that there was nothing above it!
"We can't let him live," Emperor Jun said, staring at Luo Zheng.
Lie Shan stared at Ji Xuanyuan and said, "This time, your You Xiong Family attacked the Heavenly Palace together with the Jinwu. Can you let them capture Luo Zheng?"
This time, to destroy Greater One Heavenly Palace, killing Donghuang and Elder Ying was the first goal, and the second goal was probably to capture Luo Zheng.
Now that he saw this scene, he felt that capturing Luo Zheng should be his top priority!
This kid's ability was so strange that it was almost unbearable to look at.
"They entered the Center God Province from the other side and are probably busy breaking the formation now. At this point, it won't be easy to capture Luo Zheng," Ji Xuanyuan said with a frown.
Emperor Jun pursed his lips and looked at the huge sun, a trace of cold killing intent in his slender eyes. "The problem here has been solved. I'll go there myself!"
The Jinwu Clan could sense each other's presence, and as the king of the Jinwu Clan, Emperor Jun was even more powerful in this aspect.
He could clearly sense the existence of Phoenix, Ming Shi, and Bai Hu. They were clearly still alive, but they were in an extremely strange state …
With that, Emperor Jun gently flapped his white wings.
As the wings flapped gently, the surrounding space formed a small lattice, and he quickly left the abyss …
…
After the transportation formation was destroyed, the atmosphere in Beixuan City became very relaxed.
Although many experts were still desperately trying to open the formation, almost everyone was in despair.
Everyone would be burned to death here …
Ning Xuyuan looked at the blazing white sky and walked to the other side with a frown. He stared at Phoenix and asked, "I know that the Jinwu Clan is not only good at fire, but is also very sensitive to space. Can you create a space to avoid this world-destroying magical power?"
These people submitted to Emperor Jun in Luo Zheng's body, but they were still very hostile to humans, so they did not communicate with anyone.
However, when it came to life and death, the people of the Jinwu Clan would help. They would either open up the formation or help to stabilize it …
"It's no use." Phoenix shook her head. "When the Nine Suns Apocalypse descends, everything in this state will be destroyed, including the space …"
As she said that, she pointed diagonally upwards.
Ordinary people could only see a blazing white when they looked in the direction she pointed.
But for existences like the Phoenix Girl and Ning Xuyuan, they could see tiny cracks on their bodies.
The most powerful flame could even burn space …
A hint of disappointment appeared in Ning Xuyuan's eyes. Could it be that they really could not escape this disaster?
"Don't you still have that kid?" Phoenix suddenly said with a sarcastic look on her face.
After saying that, Phoenix felt a chill run down her spine. Her instincts did not allow her to go against Luo Zheng's thoughts.
"Luo Zheng …" Ning Xuyuan smiled bitterly. "He has created many miracles, but he can't always create miracles of miracles. Hoping that a junior can extinguish Emperor Jun's Nine Suns Apocalypse is no longer an extravagant hope …"
Before he could finish his sentence, the light in the sky suddenly dimmed a little.
Ning Xu Yuan and Phoenix Woman looked up at the same time. Everyone in the Beixuan City also looked up.
Although the sky was blazing white, they could still distinguish nine huge suns. However, at this moment, there were only eight left.
The Phoenix Maiden's eyes were wide open like a cat's as she scanned the sky. She thought that the other sun had moved and wanted to find it in the sky.
Ning Xuyuan stared at the sky. Like Phoenix, he guessed that the positions of the two suns had overlapped. He could not imagine that one of the suns had been extinguished.
Just as they were searching, the sky suddenly dimmed again. Another sun had disappeared …
"One of the suns has been extinguished!"
While Ning Xuyuan was still uncertain, someone in the Beixuan City had already started to shout loudly.
"Yes, two of them have been extinguished!"
"There's hope. Hang on, they will be extinguished!"
"…"

Chapter 3322
Everyone was looking up at the blazing white sky.
The intense light was almost able to blind their eyes, especially those who were at the Nirvana Realm with low strength.
But none of them were willing to lower their heads. That was their only hope of survival.
Everyone held their breaths. Their survival instincts made them pay close attention to every single movement in the sky …
Not long after, the third sun went out in front of everyone's eyes.
"Hua …"
The entire North Xuan City was in an uproar.
"Did Sir Emperor Jun let us off?"
"It should be! But why did he do that? "
"Is it because those Jinwu natives were captured by us?"
Many of them were trying to figure out the reason behind it.
They did not know how Luo Zheng captured those Jinwu natives. But since those Jinwu natives were so obedient in front of Luo Zheng, they naturally thought of them as' captives'.
Quite a number of people believed that Emperor Jun was being lenient.
But there were still some who disagreed.
"Did Luo Zheng make a move and extinguish the sun?"
"I saw him leaving the North Xuan City and flying towards those suns …"
"How is that possible! Luo Zheng is indeed powerful. But he is just an ordinary Chaotic Origin Realm expert. Those suns … even the Mountain Lords could not do anything about it. How could he? "
Even though many had seen Luo Zheng flying towards those suns, the majority did not think that Luo Zheng had the capability to do so.
"I believe it's Sir Banner Master," Yue Bai Hao suddenly said.
"I, I believe it too!" Lai Huabei nodded with certainty.
Yin Yuehuan looked at the blazing white sky with a complicated expression. The glaring light caused her eyes to turn red. She said faintly, "If anyone could create this miracle, that person must be Luo Zheng!"
"Weng …"
At this moment, another sun disappeared from the sky. This was the fourth sun to be extinguished.
As the suns were extinguished one by one, the pressure on those experts maintaining the barrier was also decreasing.
Originally, a barrier could only last for a few breaths of time. But now, it had been extended to more than 20 breaths of time. The others were able to maintain the barrier with ease, giving them time to replenish their Deity Crystals.
This way, everyone could continue maintaining the barrier, allowing the people in the North Xuan City to survive.
The sixth …
The seventh …
The eighth …
The ninth …
The blazing white light dimmed layer by layer as the sun was extinguished. When the last sun was extinguished, Qi Bei Province instantly returned to normal.
At the same time, everyone saw a black dot flash in the sky. That was the black light emitted when the sun was extinguished. There had been black light before, but it was covered by the light of the other suns. Naturally, they could not see it.
At the same time, the people in Beixuan City also saw a figure the size of an ant floating in the sky.
"Someone's here!"
"Who's there?!"
"When the sun was extinguished, this person was right beside me. Could it be that he was the one who extinguished the sun?"
The people in Beixuan City became agitated once again. Those with strong eyesight stared fixedly at the black dot.
Ning Xuyuan, Gan Gaohan, the leaders of Taixiu Mountain, Taijin Mountain, and the other mountains all had extremely complicated expressions on their faces.
"It's Luo Zheng …"
"It's really him!"
"This man is the savior of our Heavenly Palace!"
Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and the others were even more excited, especially Qiu Yinhe. His face was glowing, and his emotions were indescribable.
As Luo Zheng descended with his golden bow, more and more people saw Luo Zheng's true face.
"It's Luo Zheng!"
"Oh my god, he did it. He really extinguished the sun!"
"How is this possible …"
From Luo Zheng's point of view, it was easy for him to extinguish the nine suns. However, in the eyes of others, this kind of thing could not be measured by common sense. It could only be called a miracle.
After all, Luo Zheng's cultivation was too far away from Di Jun's …
Even the wisest people, Ning Xuyuan and Gan Gaohan, did not know that Di Jun had an insurmountable nemesis more than a thousand divine eras ago. And this nemesis defeated Di Jun at a very small price.
As for Phoenix, Ming Shi, and the others in Jinwu, they thought of another problem. Di Jun, who was living in Luo Zheng's body, was very familiar with the Nine Suns Destruction. He must have given him the means to extinguish the sun.
"Whoosh …"
Luo Zheng descended from the sky and landed in the center of Beixuan City.
"Wow …"
Applause swept back and forth in Beixuan City like a wave.
After going through a life and death situation, everyone's eyes were filled with gratitude. The applause could be said to be from the bottom of their hearts.
People like Lai Huabei, Su Kuan, and Yin Yuehuan rushed up in excitement and hugged Luo Zheng layer by layer. They were unwilling to let go for a long time.
Li Bianxue was rather puzzled when she saw this scene. After all, Luo Zheng was a disciple of the Land of Sword Grief. How could he know those in the Nirvana Realm? After asking around, the surprise in her eyes grew. She did not expect Luo Zheng to have advanced step by step from Dragon City …
…
Since there was the word "World Destruction" in the supernatural power, it was enough to show the power of the Nine Suns Destruction.
A layer of the inner surface of the entire Qi Bei Province was cut off …
The living beings on the surface of the Qi Bei Province, from the ants in the cracks of the rocks to the rare beasts, were all burned to ashes.
Only a small number of living beings who hid deep underground were spared.
Evil Deities was hiding deep underground and was still in a meditative state. He did not know that such a huge change had happened in the outside world.
This was also because Evil Deities was lucky to have chosen a place far away from Beixuan City.
In the southwest of the Qi Bei Province, even deep underground was not safe.
The nine suns were actually standing high in the sky in the southwest and descending from above. In other words, their target was Beixuan City.
When the suns were extinguished, it turned into a strange scene.
The ground around Beixuan City was burned and baked, turning into layers of flowing magma. Standing on the city wall of Beixuan City, one could see this vast sea of magma. Beixuan City had become a lonely boat. Standing on the city wall, one could feel the pressing heat from the magma.
After surviving this calamity, the mountain masters of the various mountains brought their men and retreated to the Center God Province.
The southwest of the Qi Bei Province was already a sea of magma. It would take many years for the magma to solidify.
The magma naturally could not trap everyone. Everyone rose into the air and left the ruined Beixuan City.
Gan Gaohan flew at the front, thinking about what Jinwu would do next …
Luo Zheng had almost taken away all the core people of Jinwu. It was not difficult to guess Di Jun's reaction after knowing this news. It would not be long before he aggressively came to kill his way over.
With Di Jun's strength, who in the Greater One Heavenly Palace could stop him …
Thinking of this, Gan Gaohan felt a headache.
While Gan Gaohan was having a headache, the golden sword at his waist flashed. A wisp of consciousness passed through the golden sword and entered his mind. It was a distress signal from the Greater One Heavenly Palace.

Chapter 3323
The Center God Province had always been the bottom line of the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
In the face of the invasion of the Jinwu, Gan Gaohan also chose to lead the soldiers of the Heavenly Palace to attack the Jinwu in the Qbei Province.
They did not want the Jinwu to wreak havoc in the Center God Province.
But they did not expect that when the Jinwu invaded, the You Xiong Clan also sent another group of people to the southeast.
The southeast of the Center God Province had always been deserted, and from time to time, there would be invasions by the Savage Tribes.
Later, the Greater One Heavenly Palace set up a checkpoint in the southeast of the Center God Province, and set up a Blood Mandate Sword Formation. This sword formation was set up on a cliff, and this cliff was called the Dragon Cliff.
For thousands of years, the expert guarding the Dragon Cliff was called Tian Jiedu.
In the last thousand years, the person guarding the Dragon Cliff was called Lin Ruyuan.
Like Luo Zheng, Lin Ruyuan also had a perfect compatibility with the Eternal Sword Fate. As a direct descendant of the Tai Yi Mountain Clan, the treatment he received in the clan was close to that of Ling Shuang. However, 200 years ago, Lin Ruyuan was embroiled in a dispute within the Heavenly Palace, and his partner, Qin Hua, died because of it.
Since then, Lin Ruyuan took the initiative to apply to go to the Dragon Cliff, and for the past 200 years, he had been guarding the Dragon Cliff.
Since he guarded the Dragon Cliff, the Savage Tribes in the southwest rarely dared to invade, and those who dared to invade were all suppressed by him with bloody means …
Since the Jinwu invaded from the northeast, the people of the Greater One Heavenly Palace were anxious, and even the soldiers on the Dragon Cliff were worried and discussed this matter all day long.
"This time, the Jinwu came with the momentum, I don't know if the Seven Mountains can be defended."
"We have to defend even if we can't, we have to retreat from the Guanshan Province, all the way to the Qbei Province, and then even the Center God Province, why should we!"
"I made an application to go to the Qbei Province to participate in the battle, but was rejected …"
"There's no other way, fighting against the Jinwu is important, but guarding the Dragon Cliff is equally important. If we leave, what if the Savage Tribes take advantage of the situation to stir up trouble?"
Just as the soldiers were discussing, a man in a green robe floated over from afar.
The soldiers immediately stood up and saluted the man with cupped fists.
"Jiedu Daren, is there any news from Qi Bei Region?"
"Does our Heavenly Palace have an advantage?"
"Should we ambush Jinwu in Qi Bei Province …"
The azure-clothed man was Tian Jiedushi Lin Ruyuan.
The soldiers were paying attention to the news from the north, and so was Lin Ruyuan.
However, as they were separated by a large province, there was still a delay in the transmission of information. Even Lin Ruyuan had to use the sound transmission token to transmit information one after another.
Lin Ruyuan shook his head. "The news I received is that they are still fighting. The specific situation is unknown."
When the soldiers heard Lin Ruyuan's words, they were all dejected.
"Lord Jiedu, it doesn't matter whether we defend the Dragon Cliff or not. In any case, those Savage Tribes won't dare to enter the Center God Province!"
"Yes, how about we go to the north?"
"…"
Lin Ruyuan's face darkened when he heard his subordinate's words. "Nonsense! Let's not talk about whether we can leave or not. Even if we do, how much help can you provide with your meager strength? "
Although Lin Ruyuan was a rare genius of Taiyi Mountain, his foundation was still shallow. He was slightly stronger than Li Bianxue, but he could not be compared to Qiu Yinhe.
Even if he led these people to help, it would only be a drop in the bucket. They would not be able to change the entire situation.
After being scolded by the Tian Jiedushi, these soldiers immediately became obedient. They all silently looked at the mountains and rivers in the distance.
At this moment, some of the patterns at the front of the Dragon Cliff suddenly released rays of red light.
When Lin Ruyuan and the soldiers saw the red light, they all frowned.
"Those Savage Tribes really know how to pick a time to attack our Dragon Cliff!" A soldier stood up fiercely.
Another soldier pulled out his sword. "Hmph, I have nowhere to vent my anger. They came at the right time!"
The soldiers present often slaughtered the Savage Tribes invading them. It was already a common occurrence for them.
When Lin Ruyuan saw the red light, he frowned and did not give any orders. Instead, he stood there thinking about something. After a while, he said, "The situation is not good …"
"Sir Jiedushi, what's wrong?" A tall and sturdy soldier carrying a huge sword asked.
Normally, at this time, Lin Ruyuan would be swift and decisive. He would lead many soldiers to fight the Savage Tribes on the Dragon Cliff. Why would he be afraid today? He could not imagine Lin Ruyuan's timid appearance.
Lin Ruyuan pointed at the red light and said, "The bone formation, dream formation, and spirit formation have all been forcefully destroyed. But what about the secret formation, picture formation, and nether formation?"
The others also sensed that something was wrong. They focused their gazes on the red light, and their expressions immediately became serious.
The bone formation, dream formation, and spirit formation were ranked behind the secret formation, picture formation, and nether formation. The first three formations had been forcefully destroyed. This meant that the secret formation, picture formation, and nether formation had also been destroyed. However, they could not see the condition of these three formations.
This meant that the secret formation, picture formation, and nether formation had been destroyed by someone …
Those Savage Tribes had all kinds of powerful talents, but their intelligence was generally inferior to humans. They could not break such a complicated formation.
These red lights reflected a problem — there was an extremely powerful formation breaker among the invaders.
In other words, the invaders were not Savage Tribes!
In this sensitive period, this small piece of news was enough for them to be vigilant!
"Blood Command Sword Formation, open," Lin Ruyuan immediately issued an order.
The Blood Command Sword Formation was the largest sword formation on the Dragon Cliff. Since the Dragon Cliff was built, it had only been activated three times, and all of them were not long after the Greater One Heavenly Palace was built. After the Eastern Sovereign personally eradicated the three Savage Tribes, the Blood Command Sword Formation had never been activated again.
"Weng …"
Streaks of blood-red light surrounded the entire Dragon Cliff and flickered.
This huge cliff was like a giant dragon stretching its neck to look at the sky. When the Blood Command Sword Formation was activated, under the red light, it looked even more like it.
A vast aura rose up along the Dragon Cliff. Lin Ruyuan stood alone on the spot, his face still solemn.
In just three to five breaths of time, three thousand feet away from the Dragon Cliff, a figure appeared.
After seeing those people clearly, Lin Ruyuan closed his eyes tightly and took a deep breath. A strong sense of relief arose spontaneously.
Almost without thinking, he guessed that those people were from You Xiong or Shen Nong. It was impossible for the soldiers of the Dragon Cliff to defend it.
"Generals of the Dragon Cliff, leave through the transmission formation and return to the Heavenly Palace," Lin Ruyuan ordered.
The soldiers gasped when they saw the enemy clearly, but they felt that there was still a chance to fight by relying on the Dragon Cliff.
After hearing Lin Ruyuan's order, everyone was stunned for a moment before they reacted.
"I'm not leaving!"
"If you want to leave, you can leave. In any case, I don't plan to leave!"

Chapter 3324
These soldiers already understood that the invaders were extremely powerful, far from what the dragon cliff could resist.
Lin Ruyuan knew this, so he let his subordinates leave first.
At least, after keeping them alive, he let them guard the seven mountains …
But Lin Ruyuan ignored the determination of the soldiers, none of them were willing to leave first.
"If Lord Jiedu is not willing to fight with us, then please kill us!" The tall man said with a determined expression.
Lin Ruyuan looked at them in a daze. After a while, he said, "Zhao Di, go and destroy the Transmission Array. Before you destroy it, you can all leave through the Transmission Array. I want you to go back to guard the Seven Mountains. I definitely don't want you to be deserters!"
How could they not understand this, but still, none of them chose to leave, until Zhao Di went to destroy the teleportation formation, they had no way out …
Nearby, a white-clothed old man carrying a black pole slowly approached. He called out with a hoarse voice, "I've long heard that the one guarding the Dragon Cliff is the Taiyi Mountain's genius, Lin Ruyuan. Are you the esteemed one?"
Lin Ruyuan unsheathed his three-foot long sword, the entire dragon cliff flashed with red light, the Blood Mandate Sword Formation's sharpness appeared, "Yes, so what?"
"We are all humans, why do we have to fight with our own race, You Xiong Clan is in need of people, submit to us, and you will have eternal life!" The old man said.
At Lin Ruyuan's level, he naturally understood You Xiong Clan's goal, this so-called eternal life was indeed a good hope, but how could Lin Ruyuan be persuaded to surrender?
He sneered, "What a joke! My Taiyi Heavenly Palace is the orthodox human race, how can we surrender to barbarians like you? "
The old man did not think he could persuade Lin Ruyuan, he indifferently looked at the Blood Mandate Sword Formation around the dragon cliff, he stretched out a finger, "Charge through from the center, breaking the formation is easy for me …"
…
About the time it took for three incense sticks to burn later …
The old man had already arrived in front of the broken teleportation formation behind the dragon cliff, he frowned and sized up the teleportation formation.
"It is very damaged, even if it is repaired, it should not be able to create an accurate spatial passage," the old man said.
There was a masked person beside the old man. His skin was pale green, and he said expressionlessly, "Once we enter the Center God Province, we can go straight in. Time is not important."
"Let's go." The other person passed by the teleportation portal and flew straight ahead.
The old man waited for the other dozens of people to fly away, then gently shook the fishing rod on his shoulder. Lin Ruyuan's head was hanging at the front of the fishing rod. Lin Ruyuan's head had been cut off, but his handsome face still had a fierce glint as he stared fiercely at the old man.
"My speed in breaking the formation was fast enough, but you were still able to rely on a sword and a broken formation to kill three of us." The old man sighed. "Youngsters these days really can't be underestimated."
"Da da da …"
After saying that, he took a step forward and leaped into the air. Lin Ruyuan's head hung on the fishing line and floated behind him.
After the old man caught up with the team at an extremely fast speed, a tall person asked, "Although there are seven mountains in the Greater One Heavenly Palace, our target should be the Greater One Mountain, right?"
The old man nodded. "The greatest hidden danger of the Greater One Heavenly Palace is the East Emperor himself. If he can break free from the restraints and awaken, all of us will die."
"Since he is trapped on the other side, it is best to kill him first," the tall person said.
"Of course, I will lead people to attack the Greater One Palace," the old man said.
The Greater One Mountain was densely covered with great formations. Even if it was an expert, it would be difficult to break the formations and enter.
But this old man was an extraordinary person of the You Xiong Clan. His talent was to break formations. There were thousands of strange formations in the world, and there was no formation that he could not break.
And Xu Shou had given most of the information on the Greater One Mountain to the old man. He knew the Greater One Mountain like the back of his hand, and naturally felt that it would not be difficult to break into the Greater One Mountain …
After the teleportation portal was broken, it did slow down their speed.
But not long after entering the Center Divine Province, they found the Jinglong City in the Southwest.
There were also people of the Greater One Heavenly Palace guarding the Jinglong City. But facing the experts of the You Xiong Clan, they did not have any room to resist. They were all killed in the blink of an eye.
Some people wanted to destroy the teleportation portal in the Jinglong City again, but in the end it was all in vain.
After the You Xiong Clan's group passed through the teleportation portal, they reached the mountain city under the Tai Yue Mountain. After another teleportation, they reached the Dragon City!
The teleportation portal of the Dragon City was outside the Hidden Dragon Pavilion, and was also guarded by several Tai Yiwei.
During wartime, the entire Center Divine Province was under martial law. All the large and small formations of the Greater One Mountain were all activated. Even so, those Tai Yiwei did not think that these people would enter the Dragon City through the teleportation portal!
When they saw the old man and the other You Xiong Clan members, they were all stunned.
"Who are you? Show me the sword token of the Heavenly Palace …" A Tai Yiwei shouted.
Before he finished his words, a thin fishing line was wrapped around his neck. The old man's arm trembled slightly, and this Tai Yiwei's head was separated from his body.
The other Tai Yiwei were alarmed. Some of them shouted and warned, some of them took out their Paramita Token and fought with their lives, and some of them chose to run away …
But facing these experts, no matter how they reacted, no matter how they chose to deal with them, it was meaningless.
They just casually attacked, and many Tai Yiwei were turned into pieces …
The death of these Tai Yiwei alarmed even more people.
For example, Wen Si, who was guarding the Sword Training Tower, Guchen, who was guarding the Coiling Dragon Ancient Road, and other experts who were stationed in the Dragon City all made their moves.
These people were much stronger than the Tai Yiwei, but these people from the You Xiong Clan were all on the same level as Qiu Yinhe. How could they put these people in their eyes?
In the time it took for a stick of incense to burn, the entire Dragon City was bathed in blood.
The old man's wrinkled face looked somewhat bored. He looked up at the Greater One Mountain that he couldn't see the top of. The Great Mountain Guarding Formation had been activated.
"Compared to slaughtering, I prefer breaking formations …"
As he spoke, he carried the fishing rod and walked toward the Coiling Dragon Ancient Road.
Blazing flames were ignited everywhere in the Dragon City.
Places like the True Intent Sword Pavilion and the Famed Sword Tower were all burned to the ground …
After the wanton slaughter and burning of the Dragon City, those people flew up and followed behind the old man.
The old man climbed up the Greater One Mountain and broke formations along the way.
No matter how powerful the formations on the Greater One Mountain were, he was able to solve them directly.
In less than two hours, he had climbed up the Coiling Dragon Ancient Road.
He didn't lead the group toward the three major sword sects. Whether it was the Heart Flow Sword Sect or the Murdering Sword Sect, they had no interest in them.

Chapter 3325
When the You Xiong Clan attacked the Dragon Cliff, the news had spread to the Seven Mountains.
The formations and boundaries in the Seven Mountains had been opened but the disciples of the major sword sects were still in a state of panic.
In the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
Xiao Yin, dressed in a white dress, was shuttling back and forth between the courtyards. After gently pushing open the courtyard door, Ning Yudie, who was standing in the middle of the courtyard, stepped forward and asked with a concerned expression, "How is it?"
Jinwu came too suddenly. Luo Zheng was afraid that Ning Yudie and the others would be worried so he did not go up the mountain when he went from Dragon City to Qi Bei Province.
Ning Yudie only found out later that Jinwu and the Heavenly Palace were fighting and Luo Zheng had joined Tai Yiwei to fight against Jinwu.
It would be a lie to say that she was not worried but after experiencing so much with Luo Zheng, she knew Luo Zheng's ability to resolve a crisis. She believed that Luo Zheng could return safely.
"The situation is not good," Xiaoyin said with a pout.
"What situation is not good?" Ning Yudie's heart clenched.
Xiaoyin hesitated for a moment before saying, "I heard that in Qi Bei Province, Di Jun released the Nine Suns Apocalypse Theurgy and burned everything in Qi Bei Province …"
This news was said by those who escaped from the teleportation formation. Later, the teleportation channel was destroyed and they thought that Beixuan City had been burned down and the strong cultivators of the Seven Mountains had died.
"Nine Suns Apocalypse Theurgy?" Ning Yudie's eyes narrowed.
Xiaoyin nodded and said, "That's Theurgy of Di Jun. Young master Luo Zheng will probably have a hard time, very hard time …"
Hearing the terrifying rumors, Xiaoyin felt that Luo Zheng had probably died in Qi Bei Province with the other strong cultivators.
Young master Luo Zheng was powerful but his growth was limited in a short time. Even strong cultivators like Qiu Yinhe and Gan Gaohan had died in Qi Bei Province. How could Luo Zheng be spared?
"Okay, I got it." Ning Yudie nodded.
Xiaoyin noticed that Ning Yudie's expression remained calm. She found it strange. Of course, she knew that Ning Yudie and Luo Zheng had a deep relationship. After hearing this news, Ning Yudie couldn't possibly remain so calm.
Although Ning Yudie was worried, she had never seen Luo Zheng afraid of any kind of flame in all these years.
If it was really a scorching sun, other people might not survive, but Luo Zheng had a very high chance of surviving …
At this moment, another woman in purple walked over and asked hurriedly, "Sister Yin, is there any news about my husband?"
The woman in purple was Xiuzhu. After Luo Zheng released her from his Inner World, he did not take her back and allowed her to live in the Heart Flow Sword Sect.
Although the Evil Deities had become Luo Zheng's body, Xiuzhu was still very concerned about the Evil Deities.
In Xiuzhu's eyes, as long as the Evil Deities did not betray the "Lord", they would eventually have a bright future.
The women in the courtyard had seen the Evil Deities and had an almost instinctive dislike for the Evil Deities. Therefore, even Xiuzhu was hated. Xiaoyin glanced coldly at Xiuzhu and said, "He's a nameless nobody. How would I know? He most likely died in Qi Bei.
In Qi Bei Province. "
Hearing Xiaoyin's answer, Xiuzhu's shoulders trembled slightly and her eyes turned red. She forced a smile and turned around.
Xi Youqin stood on the second floor and heard Xiaoyin's words clearly.
If it was in the past, Xi Youqin would inevitably burst into tears and worry.
But after being pregnant, her state of mind had calmed down a lot. She had followed Luo Zheng's instructions one by one, wholeheartedly for the sake of the fetus in her belly.
Her face paled slightly, pursed her lips, and her expression returned to normal. She believed that Luo Zheng would come back.
Not long after Xiaoyin came in, the ground suddenly shook.
"Rumble — —"
A dragon-like bolt of lightning exploded in the distance, and a layer of heaven and earth seemed to have been cut by this bolt of lightning.
Even a colossus like Greater One Mountain began to shake, like a giant beast trying to shake off the lice on its body.
Xi Youqin, who was on the second floor, was unusually nimble. She had already supported herself on the railing, staring at the back of the Heart Flow Sword Sect. The lightning came from behind the mountain, where the Taishi Palace was located.
Greater One Mountain had entered a state of alert, and the Taishi Palace, as the core of the Heavenly Palace, was even more so. After all, the East Sovereign was protected in the Taishi Palace.
If someone broke into the Taishi Palace and killed the East Sovereign, the greatest pillar of the Greater One Heavenly Palace would really be broken.
Above the white mist, there were more than sixty people floating, led by an old man carrying a fishing rod.
The one who had just released the lightning was a red-haired man. Bolts of lightning were still drilling around in the red-haired man's palm. He said with a smile, "Elder Wei has been unstoppable along the way, but to think that he would be stopped by this white mist. I really didn't expect!"
The red-haired man was called Zhu Hongkuan, and was the younger brother of the fire envoy of the Youxiong clan.
Elder Wei glared at Zhu Hongkuan and sneered, "Although the previous formations were powerful, their techniques were not brilliant, and breaking them was child's play. The Nightmare Domain of the Absolute Beginning was personally set up by the East Sovereign, how could it be so easy to break it?"
Elder Wei despised Zhu Hongkuan's action of releasing the lightning and randomly attacking the Nightmare Domain of the Absolute Beginning. A boorish person will always be a boorish person. If Zhu Hongkuan did not have a responsible elder brother, he would not be qualified to stand with him!
After Elder Wei's disdain, he lightly flicked the fishing rod, and the thin and long fishing line disappeared into the mist.
"This Absolute Beginning Mirage is set up using the eighteen pillars of the Taishi Palace. If you cannot find those eighteen pillars, you may be trapped inside for the rest of your life," Elder Wei said with a smile.
In the past, the Greater One Heavenly Palace and the Jinwu Palace were on good terms, and the East Sovereign and Di Jun were like brothers. Some secrets were not hidden from the two clans, and this gave Elder Wei the confidence to break the formation.
Everyone in the Taishi Palace was uneasy.
The lightning that had just descended from the sky was enough to prove the strength of the other party.
Fortunately, the Absolute Beginning Mirage was not so easy to break. The lightning had all landed outside the Taishi Palace, and the Taishi Palace itself was unharmed.
But could the Absolute Beginning Mirage really stop the experts outside?
Most of them were in despair.
The Taishi Palace was surrounded by three layers inside and three layers outside.
On the outermost layer were thousands of golden armoured guards.
Most of these golden armoured guards were only five star Tai Yiwei.
Concubine Yan, who was standing in front of the palace, knew very well that if the Taishi Palace was broken, these golden armoured guards would not even be considered cannon fodder.
She raised her head, her gaze easily piercing through the layers of white mist and landing on the experts of the You Xiong Clan.
"Divide the army into two, one to take the North State, the other to attack the Center God Province …" Concubine Yan sighed.
This was not a strategy at all …
It was just that the Greater One Heavenly Palace was lacking in soldiers and generals, and facing the alliance of several large clans, they had no power to fight back.
"Those experts are invading, what should we do? How about we move the East Sovereign away?"

Chapter 3326
Consort Qin was usually arrogant in the Taishi Palace. Other than the East Sovereign, she was not afraid of anything.
When the real crisis was imminent, Consort Qin was out of her wits.
"Mother!"
Even Chun Hao, Chun Xuan, and Chun Yuan, who were sitting on the steps, could not stand it anymore.
Although the three brothers were very selfish, they were still the sons of the East Sovereign.
Now that it was a matter of life and death, they were indifferent.
They could sit on such a high position because the East Sovereign was their father. Now that the East Sovereign was in danger of dying, they naturally had to protect him to the end.
"Am I not thinking of a way?" Consort Qin glared at her sons.
Chun Hao calmly advised, "Those strong people are already outside the Realm of the Absolute Beginning. We can't move even if we want to now. We have no way out!"
"If they attack, we should fight to the death!" Chun Xuan said seriously.
Those sitting on the steps were all princes and imperial grandchildren …
Feng Ge was also sitting by the side. His elbow was on his knee and supporting his face. His other hand was holding a thin piece of paper. The paper was full of words that were fluttering in the wind.
Hearing Chun Xuan's words, she only glanced at him indifferently.
In the face of disaster, these three brothers still had a backbone. They were indeed worthy of being his half-brothers. They were much better than their mother.
Feng Ge regretted listening to Luo Zheng's words. No matter how exquisite the Enlightenment piece was, it was a piece of waste paper at this time. Not to mention that Imperial Father could not see it. Even if he did, what was the use?
Could it allow these people to defeat those above?
In the end, the Enlightenment piece could not be sent to Imperial Father and he could not go to North Region.
The tragic situation of the battle in North Region was continuously transmitted to the Taishi Palace. Feng Ge naturally received the news first hand. As a "female demon", she was even more clear about the horror of the nine suns destroying the world.
The strong people of the seven mountains were probably all wiped out, right?
The only exception should be Luo Zheng. She did not know if he could survive …
A flame suddenly ignited on her fingertip and the flame ignited the paper.
Xun, who was sitting below Feng Ge, looked at the paper and asked curiously, "Little Master, what did you burn?"
Feng Ge smiled and said, "It's something Luo Zheng wrote for me."
When it came to Luo Zheng, Han Liusu, Xun, and Mu Ning were all interested and asked, "What did he write?"
"The complete True Comprehension Chapter." Feng Ge smiled faintly.
The others did not care about what Feng Ge was burning, but when she mentioned the entire True Comprehension Chapter, she immediately attracted the attention of many people.
This included Concubine Yan, Concubine Qin, and several experts who stayed behind in the Taishi Palace.
Concubine Yan looked at the paper that had been dyed to ashes and asked, "You came back to the Taishidi Palace and wanted to see my father because of this?"
"Yes," Feng Ge replied calmly.
"Why didn't you say so earlier?" Concubine Yan frowned.
"Will it work?" Feng Ge asked.
Concubine Yan thought about it and said nothing more.
The complete True Comprehension Chapter was indeed important to the Eastern Monarch and the Heavenly Palace.
However, the Greater One Heavenly Palace was in a life and death situation, there was no point in taking it out now …
"But you shouldn't burn it! That's the True Comprehension Chapter! "Concubine Qin shrieked.
Feng Ge coldly glared at her. "What can we do if we don't burn it? Let the people above take it away? "
When she said this, Concubine Qin was speechless. She only glanced at the sky and faintly sighed.
In the Absolute Beginning Mirage, a thin fishing line constantly swam …
This fishing line was like Elder Wei's eyes. He could sense anything the fishing line touched.
"Found it, the sixth pillar. Heh, it's easier than I thought …" Elder Wei smiled.
In a short time, he had found six pillars, much faster than he had expected. It seemed that he would not spend too much time in the Absolute Beginning Mirage.
Elder Wei deliberately spoke very loudly, his voice like thunder, clearly transmitting into the Taishidi Palace.
"The seventh pillar!"
"The eighth pillar!"
"The ninth pillar!"
Every time Elder Wei counted a number, the hearts of everyone in the Taishidi Palace trembled slightly.
"The eleventh pillar …"
"The twelfth pillar …"
"The thirteenth pillar!"
Hum …
That thin line emitted a green light in the Absolute Beginning Mirage. This light calmly penetrated the thick white mist.
The white mist that lingered in the Taishidi Palace all year round dissipated in an instant, leaving behind only thirteen bare pillars!
Concubine Yan stood on the highest step of the First Dragon Palace, her long sleeves fluttering in the wind. She said, "Everyone in the Taishidi Palace, we have no way out. If Donghuang dies, we will die as well. I hope you will not take a step back!"
There were only six or seven people with Concubine Yan's strength guarding the First Dragon Palace.
Hum …
Ripples spread in front of the First Dragon Palace as another large formation rose. Concubine Yan stretched out her long legs and lightly leaped into the air, standing in the center of the formation. The Tripartite Primordial Spirit Sword Formation!
Three long swords were formed from the formation.
These three swords were the Heavenly Grid Sword, the Earthly Grid Sword, and the Personality Sword. Concubine Yan wielded the Heavenly Grid Sword without hesitation, while the Earthly Grid Sword and the Personality Sword were controlled by the other two powerhouses.
Elder Wei looked down at the Tripartite Primordial Spirit Sword Formation in front of the First Dragon Palace and said with a smile, "I didn't expect the great Donghuang to have to rely on the protection of his family. This Tripartite Primordial Spirit Sword Formation is indeed powerful. Unfortunately … you guys keep attacking! Hold those three swords back, I will continue to break the formation! "
"Since we've already come this far, why bother Elder Wei? Hehe, watch me crush this Taishi Palace!" A short man behind Elder Wei made his move.
"Mountain Phantom Suppression!"
A huge mountain shadow came crashing down on the Taishidi Palace.
This illusory mountain was like an upside-down Tianyi Mountain. Although it was just an illusory image, the divine power contained within was still terrifying.
Concubine Yan's expression changed when she saw this illusory mountain.
She held the Heavenly Grid Sword and shook it gently, saying to the other two at the same time, "Tripartite Defense!"
Clang!
！”
The Heavenly Grid Sword, the Earthly Grid Sword, and the Personality Sword blocked the illusory mountain outside of the formation!
The area of three thousand feet around the Di Long Hall was protected, but under the pressure of the mountain, the entire Di Long Palace was turned into dust. No matter if it was the palace or the pavilion, it was all turned into dust!
"Again!"
The short person stretched out his hands, and the huge mountain shadow became more solid and more powerful!
Sizzle …
Under the huge pressure, the Tripartite Primordial Spirit Sword Formation sizzled under the pressure, but it was blocked in the end.
"Me too!"
"Let's see how long you can hold on!"
"It's just a sword formation, and it's not good at defense. Why bother holding on? Haha!"

Chapter 3327
"Boom …"
These people from the You Xiong Clan came from the Heavensguard Pavilion.
The Heavensguard Pavilion's status in the You Xiong Clan was similar to that of the Land of Sword Grief, but there was a memorial tablet in the pavilion.
When these experts became capable enough to stand on their own for the You Xiong Clan, they naturally received a memorial tablet and their status was extremely respected. Their strength was not much different from Yan Fei's.
These people relied on various Paramita tokens to send down their powers. Their forms were different, but their power was not to be underestimated.
Yan Fei and the other two experts controlled the Tripartite Sword Formation, calmly and steadily dealing with the attacks, displaying terrifying tenacity!
No matter how these people unleashed their strongest divine arts, the Tripartite Primordial Spirit Sword Formation remained unbreakable. It actually withstood round after round of attacks!
"Xun, Mu Ning, Liusu, hide behind the Lineage Dragon Palace," Feng Ge suddenly said.
"Why?" Xun asked.
"When this formation is broken, you can take the opportunity to escape. Their target is my father, so they won't do anything to you," Feng Ge said.
As the daughter of the Eastern Emperor, Feng Ge naturally wanted to live and die with her father.
However, she did not want Xun and the others to die with her. After all, they still had Luo Zheng …
"Little Master, let's escape together, okay?" Han Liusu asked.
In a battle of this level, Feng Ge's strength was obviously insignificant. She could totally escape with them.
Feng Ge smiled bitterly, looked up at the sky, and shook her head …
Those born in the Lineage Palace received more resources from a young age, but also took on more responsibilities.
Not to mention Feng Ge, even Chun Xuan, Chun Yuan, and the others did not have the intention to escape at this moment!
"Let's wait for a while. We can't leave the formation now, and even if we do … we may not be able to leave alive," Xun suddenly said.
Every time the experts in the sky attacked, the power of tens of thousands of Shen Jun pressed down.
The bricks and tiles of the Taishi Palace had been crushed into a uniform powder. With their strength, if they were not careful, they might become a part of the powder.
After this round of attacks continued for a while, the experts of the Heavensguard Pavilion finally changed their expressions.
They didn't expect the last formation to be so powerful, forcefully keeping them out.
"Elder Wei, I'm afraid it won't be that easy to break the formation with brute force. Please help," the short man cupped his hands and said.
The short man didn't expect a mere sword formation to be able to block all of his attacks so easily.
Old Wei revealed an unfathomable smile and said, "The one protecting the Lineage Dragon Palace is the true body of the Eastern Emperor Taiyi. The last formation is actually so easy to break. Under such a strong attack, you may not be able to take it down even after several days and nights …"
As he spoke, Old Man Wei cast the fishing rod again.
"Whoosh …"
A thin, invisible fishing line fell from the sky, sweeping towards the Tripartite Primordial Spirit Sword Formation below.
After noticing Elder Wei's action, Concubine Yan raised her eyebrows slightly. Elder Wei's Nirvana Token was the "Sky Cloud Thread," which was the thread wrapped around the fishing rod.
With this string, he could break almost all the arrays in the world!
Therefore, he had another nickname, "Formation Breaker".
Relying on the Tripartite Primordial Spirit Sword Array, Concubine Yan could still hold on until Donghuang woke up.
The possibility of this was very slim …
However, this was the only path she could take, and she had no other choice. Therefore, Concubine Yan would never allow Elder Wei to break the array.
"He Lao!"
Concubine Yan, who was holding the Tiange Sword, turned her head.
On the stairs behind her, there was another old man sitting upright.
This He Lao was once an expert who fought together with Donghuang. However, when he was wandering in the 32 Levels of Heaven, he was cursed. It was a Nirvana Token with negative effects. Once touched, it would be forcefully carried in his Inner World.
After being cursed, He Lao's strength was greatly reduced. All these years, Donghuang had been using special means to help him suppress that curse.
That curse was so powerful that every time Donghuang helped him suppress it, it would consume a lot of energy.
He Lao was extremely loyal to Donghuang. Every few years, Donghuang would help him extend his life. He felt that he had become a burden to Donghuang and wanted to die.
However, not long ago, He Lao changed his mind.
Luo Zheng obtained two Hearts of the Accomplice in the 13 Levels of Heaven. One of them was taken by Qiu Yinhe and presented to Donghuang.
This Nirvana Token was powerful, but it required a person to make a sacrifice.
Of course, it was not difficult to find such a person in the Heavenly Palace.
However, He Lao was present at that time. After learning about this Nirvana Token, his eyes suddenly brightened. He then asked Donghuang to integrate this Heart of the Accomplice.
After integrating this Heart, at least He Lao would not be a useless person.
He, Gan Gaohan, and Ning Xuyuan were the same. They were qualified to fight with the top experts in this world and could perish together with them.
Considering that He Lao wanted to die, Donghuang agreed to this request. At least, after integrating the Heart of the Accomplice, He Lao would want to live.
Unless it was a last resort, they would naturally not let He Lao die.
Neither Concubine Yan nor Donghuang expected that the last resort would come so soon.
After hearing Concubine Yan's call, He Lao suddenly stood up and cupped his hands toward Concubine Yan. He let out a series of ear-piercing laughter and rushed to the sky.
"Hahahaha … Breaking the array, do you still remember me?" He Lao brushed his silver hair behind his head.
Elder Wei was controlling the silk thread to focus on breaking the array. Hearing this, he raised his head and glanced at He Lao. He said casually, "The useless person from hundreds of years ago is still alive?"
Back then, He Lao was cursed because of the You Xiong Clan. Even Donghuang suffered a great loss because of He Lao.
"Are you disappointed?" He Lao laughed with disheveled hair. "I plan to die today!"
Elder Wei did not even lift his eyelids. He just said, "Let him die."
The people around him listened to his order. When they were about to make a move, Elder Wei suddenly heard the sound of a heartbeat.
"Thump, thump, thump …"
It was a delicate task to break the matrix with a single thread of Tianyun. Moreover, Concubine Yan was constantly changing the matrix to make trouble. The sudden heartbeat had a great impact on him. At the same time, he was very confused. Where did the sound come from?
At this time, He Lao below continued to laugh loudly. "I plan to die today. Of course, I will drag someone down with me!"
"What do you mean?" Elder Wei finally realized that something was wrong. At the same time, the sound of the heartbeat became louder and louder.
"Thump, thump, thump …"
Elder Wei was also an experienced and knowledgeable person. A very rare idea emerged from the bottom of his heart.
Just as the two people beside him were about to make a move, Elder Wei quickly said, "Damn it! Stop! It's the Heart of the Accomplice! He actually has this thing! "
He Lao raised his head and grinned. "Stop? If you don't make a move, I won't die? "
"Slash …"

Chapter 3328
In the records of history, only King Xun had died from the heart of an accomplice. No one had ever burned this heart.
"Wow!"
When the heart of an accomplice began to burn, He Lao's body began to burn as well.
Although it was called burning, it was actually a special energy reaction.
It was probably the most severe torture in the world. Even someone like He Lao, who had surpassed the extreme Indigo Soul Realm, couldn't endure it.
His face was distorted due to the pain, but his eyes were glistening with excitement.
For such a trash to be able to help Donghuang once before his death, it was considered making the best use of him.
"Wow!"
When He Lao's body began to burn, a trace of fear struck Elder Wei's mind.
Just as Elder Wei was worried, he suddenly felt a sharp pain on his back. His physical body was actually burning like He Lao. This was the punishment of burning the Paramita Token and violating the truth!
"Ahhhh, save, save me …" Elder Wei screamed miserably.
The expressions of the experts guarding Elder Wei changed drastically when they saw this scene.
Although Elder Wei was desperately calling for help, they didn't have the intention to help Elder Wei. Instead, they kept retreating.
"Kill him!"
"Kill that old man. Maybe we can save Elder Wei's life!"
"Do it!"
These people weren't ordinary people after all. They knew that the problem was with He Lao. If they killed this old man, they could naturally save Elder Wei.
"Swish, swish …"
Two people, one on the left and one on the right, swooped down from the sky. One of them was holding a spear, and the other was holding a halberd.
"Don't, don't kill him …"
Elder Wei begged in pain. If He Lao died, he would definitely die, too!
But his voice was extremely weak. The two of them were eager to save his life and didn't hold back at all. The spear and halberd turned into two streaks of light and penetrated He Lao's body.
"Pfff, pfff!"
When He Lao was pierced into two, Elder Wei was also pierced into two, but the burning continued.
In the end, the two of them were completely burned and disappeared from this world.
In front of the Tai Yi Palace, Concubine Yan led everyone to look up at the sky with a mournful expression.
Donghuang was able to expand the Tai Yi Heaven Palace to this extent because of these loyal old officials. At the last moment, these old officials were still exerting their remaining enthusiasm.
High up in the air, You Xiong Family powerful beings watched Elder Wei die, without being able to do anything.
After staying silent for a long time, Zhu Hongkuan suddenly said, "Since Elder Wei has already perished, then we only have the path of breaking through the formation by force. Even though the Triflair Origin Sword Formation is difficult to break through, it isn't impossible! Come on, brothers! "
These forty to fifty people's moods were originally very low, but with Zhu Hongkuan's words, they pulled themselves together.
The Eastern King was in the Lineal Dragon Palace below. As long as they could get past the last formation, they would be able to kill the Eastern King easily!
"It's just a formation. Everyone, let's work together!"
"The one controlling this sword formation is just a woman. What's so difficult about breaking the formation?"
"Everyone, follow me!"
A small oil jug appeared above Zhu Hongkuan's head. There was a flame burning on the mouth of the oil jug. This oil jug was the famous "Blood Jug". As long as one sacrificed their own blood, they would be able to create endless flames.
As he sacrificed the Blood Jug, he took out a small knife and gently cut his wrist. The blood in his body was continuously sent into the Blood Jug. Then he grabbed the oil jug and poured it down.
What poured out from the oil jug was not blood, but a kind of black kerosene.
The mixture of fire and kerosene formed a huge waterfall of flames!
This flame looked ordinary, but it was actually very powerful. Once it was attached to something, the flame would not go out until it was completely burned.
"Qin Qin, Cai Xuan!"
After seeing the flame, Concubine Yan turned her head and called out the names of the other two.
Qin Qin and Cai Xuan were also the ones who stayed in the Taishi Palace. Under Concubine Yan's call, Qin Qin jumped up. An icy blue vortex appeared above his head. A huge icy light storm swept up and swept up the kerosene that was poured down. It formed an ice pillar that was thousands of feet tall.
An ice pillar.
However, the kerosene was extremely powerful. Even though it was inside the ice pillar, it was still burning fiercely. It would not take long for the ice pillar to melt.
After Cai Xuan narrowed his eyes and observed for a while, a pair of jade swords appeared in his hands. Cai Xuan pointed the two swords at the ice pillar, and seals of mystical patterns appeared around the ice pillar.
When these mystical patterns stabilized each other, the flames around the ice pillar seemed to have solidified. Half of it was sealed!
When Zhu Hongkuan saw the two of them seal his Blood Jug, he was also surprised. But then he smiled viciously. "Your method is ingenious, but can you really stop all of us?"
At this time, the people around Zhu Hongkuan once again sent down all kinds of mystical abilities.
The situation was back to a stalemate again …
Thirty minutes …
One hour …
Four hours …
The attacks in the sky did not stop.
Concubine Yan relied on the Tripartite Primordial Spirit Sword Array and was not injured. However, she looked tired.
Not only her, but the two people who held the Earth Grid Sword and the Personality Sword also looked tired.
The mystical abilities that each of them released had the power of tens of thousands of Godly Jun. Some of them were strange and extraordinary. They had to constantly change formations to deal with them. Not to mention Concubine Yan, even Donghuang would not be able to withstand it if he only defended and did not attack for a few hours …
"Concubine Yan doesn't seem to be able to do it …"
"Concubine Qin, how about you do it?"
"I, I don't understand the Tripartite Primordial Spirit Sword Array …"
"It's very difficult to control the Heavenly Grid Sword. I'm afraid I can't do it."
Everyone watched Concubine Yan block the attacks again and again. They were all frightened. If this continued, it was only a matter of time before they broke the formation.
The hearts of the people in front of the Lineage Dragon Palace were like a boat with a hole in it, slowly sinking into the sea.
They finally realized that the Heavenly Palace was already ruined.
Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and the experts of the Seven Mountains had died in Qi Bei Province …
They could not wait for reinforcements. At most, they could only hope that a miracle would happen and that Donghuang would wake up. However, it was obviously impossible.
…
Gan Gaohan led everyone to open up a space tunnel. After traveling for a while, they finally reached the crystal wall between Dazhou and the other provinces.
After passing through the crystal wall, they arrived at the northernmost city of the Center God Province, Hu Yan City.
After learning about the "Nine Suns Destroy the World" in Hu Yan City, the people living in the city were moving. After all, Hu Yan City was the first stop when Jinwu attacked!
Everyone's mood was very gloomy.
The experts of the Seven Mountains were all destroyed in Qi Bei Province, which meant that the Heavenly Palace was finished.
The people who lived in Hu Yan City could retreat, but where could they retreat to?
Whether it was Ming Hu or the Seven Mountains, they could no longer stop Jinwu …
Just as everyone was worried about the relocation process, someone shouted out loud.

Chapter 3329
Under Gan Gaohan's lead, the experts of the six mountains, the divine generals of the twelve gates, Tai Yiwei, and the Nirvana Realm experts appeared on the horizon.
The people in Tiger Yan City all looked up. After seeing this scene, they all began to cheer.
They didn't know the specific situation of the battle, but at least these experts were still alive!
Just as they arrived at Hu Yan City, a person appeared in the teleportation array. This person rushed out of the teleportation array with a flustered expression. He looked around and saw Gan Gaohan and the Mountain Lords not far away. After being stunned for a moment, he said with an excited expression, "My lords, it turns out that you are safe and sound.
！”
This person came from Taiyi Mountain.
You Xiong Clan had attacked Taiyi Palace and killed the East Empress. The next target would definitely be Elder Ying of Taiyi Mountain.
Taiyi Mountain also couldn't escape the calamity …
However, Taiyi Heavenly Palace had reached such a stage. Other than running away, there was nothing else they could do.
This person was sent to Tiger Yan City to inquire about the battle situation in Qi Bei Province.
However, according to the previous news, the experts of the seven mountains in Qi Bei Province should have been wiped out. There was not much hope.
Who knew that just as he arrived at Tiger Yan City, he saw Gan Gaohan leading a group of people to descend.
Not counting the number of experts of the seven mountains, Tai Yiwei and the Nirvana Realm experts were more than 100,000!
Does it look like he had a fierce battle with the Golden Crow Clan?
They even avoided the Nine Suns Apocalypse?
This person from Taiyi Mountain was excited and confused. When he saw Luo Zheng leading a group of Jinwu people to descend, his expression changed again. He didn't know that the Jinwu had submitted to Luo Zheng.
However, now was not the time to satisfy his curiosity. He immediately rushed to Gan Gaohan and said, "Lord Gan, You Xiong Clan attacked the Heavenly Palace from the south!"
"What did you say! You Xiong Clan attacked from the south? They broke through the Dragon Cliff? "Gan Gaohan's face turned cold when he heard the report.
Qiu Yinhe, He Chi, and the mountain masters of the seven mountains all had a dark expression.
"Lin Ruyuan is guarding the Dragon Cliff. Could it be …" Qiu Yinhe muttered.
The person from Taiyi Mountain cupped his hands and said, "It is said that Lord Lin Jiedu has died."
A few Sky Jiedushi closed their eyes, their faces were filled with pain.
"Where are they now?" Gan Gaohan asked again.
"They went to Taiyi Mountain should be besieging the Taiyi Palace. Their goal is to kill East Emperor," the person said.
Gan Gaohan's eyes flashed with a hint of anger, and at the same time, he announced, "Everyone from the Supreme First Guard will stay behind in Tiger Yan City. The Seven Mountain Masters will lead their experts and follow me into the teleportation array!"
The teleportation ability of Hu Yan City's teleportation array was similarly limited. Now that Tai Zhi Palace was in a critical situation, Gan Gaohan was eager to protect his master, so he naturally sent these experts back first.
…
The teleporting formation beside the Hidden Dragon Pavilion in Dragon City was destroyed by You Xiong Family. Therefore, the teleporting formation in Hu Yan City could only send this group of people to Taiyi Mountain.
Many experts Great Heavheavenly Heavenly palace were 'Mountain' ''s''s's a ''s.
The experts of the seven mountains didn't suffer too many casualties. There were about eighty people left. Luo Zheng had dozens of Jinwu people behind him. In addition, the Divine Generals also followed closely behind.
After everyone arrived, they went straight to Taiyi Mountain.
"Thousand Evil Great Luo Halberd!"
A man in black armor from the You Xiong Clan threw the halberd in his hand into the air.
Countless purple-black halberds shot down from the sky like a storm, crazily tearing apart the Trinity Primordial Spirit Sword Formation.
"Boom boom boom boom …"
Every time a halberd descended, it would emit a deafening sound, and it would explode with a terrifying power.
The experts of the You Xiong Clan took turns to attack. Concubine Yan was still struggling, but she had obviously reached her limit. The Trinity Primordial Spirit Sword Formation was like a candle in the wind, about to break at any time …
"Crack!"
When the halberds exploded, a crack suddenly appeared in the middle of Concubine Yan's' 'Heavenly Cross Sword. The whole sword broke, and she spat out a mouthful of blood.
The two experts holding the Heavenly Cross Sword and the Divine Sword also spat out blood. One of them even fainted.
And the Trinity Primordial Spirit Sword Formation was also broken …
"Hahahaha!"
When the sword formation was broken, Zhu Hongkuan let out a hearty laugh. "Brothers, let's kill all these people in front of the Taishi Palace, and then take the East Emperor's life!"
The experts of the You Xiong Clan looked down with gloomy smiles. In their eyes, these women and children had almost no fighting power. It was already a miracle that Concubine Yan could block them for so long with a sword formation!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
Seven powerful warriors rushed out from the You Xiong Clan. Each of them wore a black crown on their head and wore black robes. They were from the Black Jade Clan of the You Xiong Clan. This clan was one of the major clans in the You Xiong Clan. Even though the members of this clan had joined the Heavensguard Pavilion, they were still independent.
Seeing the seven people of the Heiyu Clan rushing down, the golden armored guards in front of the Taishi Palace suddenly burst out with thunderous roars.
"Protect the Emperor with my life!"
"Even if I die a hundred times, I will not say a word!"
"Kill!"
These golden armored guards of the Taishi Palace were only elites selected from the five star Tai Yiwei. Whether they were elites or not was still a question mark.
After all, quite a number of five star Tai Yiwei disdained to stay in the Taishi Palace.
In the eyes of most people, the Taishi Palace was absolutely safe. Staying in the Taishi Palace was no different from living in retirement.
Who would have thought that the Tai Yi Heavenly Palace would fall into such a desperate situation in such a short time?
"Jiejie …"
"I haven't seen such naive cannon fodder in a long time …"
"I'm warning you, don't splash blood everywhere and dirty my clothes!"
The seven people of the Heiyu Clan whispered a few words, then like eagles, they pounced towards the Tai Yiwei.
The person in the front directly twisted his body, turning into a black whirlwind, twisting towards the Tai Yiwei …
Wherever this black whirlwind passed, all kinds of broken limbs and blood splattered everywhere!
The other six people's attacks were equally fierce. Those five star Tai Yiwei could not even last half a round against these experts.
"Drip, drip, drip, drip …"
Blood dripped down like rain …
It fell on the eaves of the Taishi Palace, then dripped down onto the steps.
From time to time, there would be people screaming and people running away.
Feng Ge sat on the steps, letting the blood splatter on his body. Looking at the broken limbs and blood falling from the sky, his pupils were dyed with a trace of haze.
"Why haven't you all left?" Feng Ge asked.
Xun, Han Liusu and Mu Ning were still sitting below Feng Ge.
"I'm afraid we can't leave …" Xun pointed not far away.
Xun's strength compared to these people was not strong, but his eyesight was still very accurate.

Chapter 3330
In less than ten breaths of time, more than a thousand golden-armored imperial guards were slaughtered cleanly.
There were only two to three hundred people left on the platform in front of the Lineage Dragon Palace Hall. The majority of them were the children of Eastern Emperor and a small number of palace maids.
Concubine Yan had been severely overdrawn in controlling the Tripartite Primordial Spirit Sword Array. But at this stage, what other choice did she have other than to risk her life?
"Hua …"
Golden Crow God Fire veins started burning on her cheeks. Her entire body rose up. The Golden Crow God Fire turned into a flaming phoenix. It spread its wings and charged towards the seven people.
"Let's go too!"
Chun Hao and the others had also brought out their Paramita Talismans …
Other than Feng Ge and Chun Hao, there were four other Chaotic Origin Realm experts amongst the children of Eastern Emperor.
Even though they knew they could not defeat those powerful existences, they could only brace themselves and risk their lives when they had no path of retreat.
"Weng …"
Feng Ge looked at the back of his mother. His originally dull face flashed with a strand of decisiveness. He similarly leaped up.
But those concubines who had some strength had brought out their Paramita Talismans and were prepared to risk their lives.
Even Concubine Qin who had always been flustered saw her son rushing over. She was prepared to risk everything. She no longer had any fear and similarly charged forward.
The leading black-robed man from the Black Jade Clan saw the children of Eastern Emperor risking their lives and revealed a disdainful sneer. At the same time, he said, "Don't hold back. Kill them all!"
"Hu!"
Saying that, he spread out his hands and floated towards Concubine Yan.
Concubine Yan's Golden Crow God Fire might be sharp, but she had exhausted most of her energy to control the sword array. At this moment, her face was still pale. When she controlled that flaming phoenix to charge towards that black-robed man, the eyes of that black-robed man flashed with green light. He actually released a soul attack!
Concubine Yan had already surpassed the Extreme Indigo Soul Realm. Her soul was extremely stable. Under normal circumstances, she would not be afraid of soul attacks. But just now, she had severely overdrawn her energy to control the sword array. She could not withstand it for a moment.
She only felt dizzy. And that black-robed man took advantage of this opportunity to close in on Concubine Yan.
He wielded two short blades in his hands and went straight for Concubine Yan's neck.
"Zeng, zeng!"
The two daggers looked like an ordinary slash, but the explosive power was extremely terrifying.
But Concubine Yan was ultimately an expert who had been famous for a long time. The Chaotic Origin Spirit in her body had been nurtured for many years and had reached large success. Her tender neck had actually endured the damage from the short blade!
Even though the Chaotic Origin Spirit had helped her block the damage, she was rapidly becoming fatigued. If another slash came, Concubine Yan's head would fall.
However, Concubine Yan finally regained her consciousness at the critical moment. Gritting her teeth, she turned over and waved her hand.
"Flaming Flower Hand!"
The Golden Crow Divine Flame was like a flower petal that adhered to her palm. With a light brush of her hand, the heat evaporated. The black-robed man, who was about to deliver the third blow, had no choice but to retreat.
However, the black-robed man only took one step back. His figure flashed and appeared behind Concubine Yan. A short blade pierced Concubine Yan's back.
"Pu!"
Just as the other dagger was about to strike Concubine Yan's head, a figure dashed over from the side, accompanied by a cry of surprise. "Mother!"
Even though Concubine Yan was in pain, when she heard the cry of Feng Ge, she became anxious. This was not a battle she could participate in!
But at this moment, Feng Ge did not care about anything else. She released the energy from the Paramita Keepsake from her body, grabbing the arm of the black-robed man tightly!
"Scram!"
The black-robed man did not expect Feng Ge to suddenly appear. In his fury, he gathered his strength and smashed it at Feng Ge.
Such an expert could easily split mountains and split the earth with a casual strike. This elbow strike of his contained a strength of more than 10,000 divine jun!
It smashed onto Feng Ge's chest, causing her to become dispirited. She was like a leaf drifting in the wind, sliding down …
"Feng Ge!"
Concubine Yan let out a shrill scream. Her eyes were about to burst.
The blazing Golden Crow Divine Flame was about to engulf the black-robed man. But the black-robed man seemed to have expected this. He leaped back lightly. His eyes flashed with green light. It was another soul attack!
As he released the soul attack, two short blades flew out of his hands and shot toward Concubine Yan's face.
Concubine Yan was unable to resist the soul attack, so she could not dodge the two short blades.
Just as the short blades were about to pierce through her head, a flying sword came from afar.
The flying sword flashed, as if it was constantly shuttling through space.
"Ding! Ding!"
The flying sword actually accurately hit the two short blades, causing them to bounce away.
"Who is it!"
The black-robed man's face showed anger.
He thought that the You Xiong Clan had the situation under control. The Black Jade Clan only needed to deal with the East Emperor's family members. He never thought that there would be other variables.
But when he looked in the direction where the flying sword came from, he was stunned …
In the distance, Gan Gaohan led the experts of the other six mountains and approached quickly. Beside Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan had three Squinted Eyes. The flying sword just now was released by Ning Xuyuan.
He was not the only one who was stunned.
Zhu Hongkuan and the others were watching the show in the sky. Suddenly, they saw so many people from the Taiyi Heavenly Palace and were stunned.
"Wasn't the main force of the Heavenly Palace suppressed by the Jinwu?"
"Logically speaking, the Jinwu has the ability to destroy them all!"
"But how could they return …"
In terms of numbers, the You Xiong Clan only had 40 people, but the Taiyi Heavenly Palace had twice as many.
In terms of strength, although the You Xiong Clan was powerful, they were not the strongest of the You Xiong Clan!
Now, it was the You Xiong Clan's turn to despair …
Just as they were in despair, another group of people rushed over from the other side.
When Zhu Hongkuan and the others took a closer look, they were overjoyed. It was the Jinwu people!
And they saw Ming Shi and Bai Hu among the Jinwu people!
"It's the Jinwu!"
"They came just in time!"
"We're saved, we can still destroy the Heavenly Palace together with the Jinwu!"
But what they did not know was that Xu Shou also thought so …
"Brother Ming Shi, we …"
Zhu Hongkuan's face was filled with flattery. After all, Ming Shi's strength and status were much higher than Zhu Hongkuan's. Even Elder Wei, who led the team this time, could not compare to Ming Shi.
But before he could finish his sentence, another figure stood in front of Ming Shi. It was Luo Zheng.
Looking at Feng Ge who was crawling on the ground, Luo Zheng's face was ashen.
He thought that the Taiyi Palace was the safest place, so he let Xun, Han Liusu, and Mu Ning stay here. Who would have thought that Donghuang would be trapped and the You Xiong Clan would attack the Taiyi Palace!
"Tear them apart," Luo Zheng ordered.
"Yes!"
Ming Shi, Bai Hu, and the others replied without much hesitation.

Chapter 3331
When Zhu Hongkuan and the other You Xiong Tribesmen heard Luo Zheng's order, they were all confused.
Were these Jinwu people fake?
Did they find some people to disguise themselves with wings?
This scene was too inexplicable.
But the aura of Ming Shi, Bai Hu, Phoenix, and the other Jinwu people shattered their speculations.
They were all genuine members of the Golden Crow Clan …
"Brother Ming Shi, you..."
"Brother Bai Hu, we've met before!"
"..."
Zhu Hongkuan and the others were still begging, but the Jinwu people turned a deaf ear to them. They did not care about their old friendship and continued to charge forward aggressively.
Seeing that this was a situation where one side would die, how could the You Xiong Tribesmen be willing to fight head-on?
"We're outnumbered, let's retreat for now!"
"Retreat quickly!"
"We failed at the last step, I'm really unwilling..."
But just as these people were about to use the Greater Teleportation to escape, a pale white light swept across Greater One Mountain. That was the effect of the Prison of Heaven and Earth.
Zhu Hongkuan and the others originally wanted to teleport away, but this path had been cut off.
"Go, we can't go..."
"Block their attacks!"
"Retreat! Retreat! "
Old Man Wei was the leader of this group of You Xiong Tribesmen. With Old Man Wei dead, Zhu Hongkuan's prestige was not enough to rule this group of people.
It was fine to bully Concubine Yan and the others like just now, but in the face of the experts of the Heavenly Palace and Jinwu, they were suddenly in a mess.
In the sky...
Powerful energy was constantly surging.
Even the Greater One Mountain, which was so huge that it covered the sky, was constantly trembling under the surging energy, producing rumbling echoes.
Concubine Yan gently descended. Her chest was penetrated and blood was flowing, but she did not feel anything and rushed to the ground.
With Feng Ge's cultivation, it was impossible for him to withstand that blow.
When Feng Ge fell from the sky, Xun, Han Liusu, and Mu Ning had already surrounded him. From Feng Ge's appearance, he didn't seem to have suffered any serious injuries, but he was still unconscious with his eyes closed.
After Concubine Yan landed on the side, she reached out and gently scratched Feng Ge's arm. Her fingertips had already left scratches on his skin. She frowned and reached out to press on Feng Ge's forehead. Her face was even darker.
"Concubine Yan, is Little Master alright?" Mu Ning asked worriedly.
Concubine Yan shook her head.
Feng Ge's physical body was able to withstand this attack, but his soul seemed to have been severely injured from the shock …
Concubine Yan didn't care that her soul was already at the end of its strength. She squeezed her Yang Soul again and activated the Soul Secret Art to nurture Feng Ge's soul.
While Concubine Yan was helping Feng Ge nurture his soul, Xun, Han Liusu, and Mu Ning had the opportunity to look up and observe.
When they saw that Luo Zheng was able to return safely, they felt relieved.
But when they saw Luo Zheng giving orders to the powerhouses of the Jinwu, they were still shocked.
Although they absolutely believed in Luo Zheng's talent, the aura released by the powerhouses of the Jinwu was not inferior to Concubine Yan's. How could he command so many powerful beings?
"I thought I would have a chance to catch up with him when I was in the Taiyi Palace." Mu Ning smiled and shook her head.
"I never thought so," Xun said faintly.
Among the three girls, Xun had spent the most time by Luo Zheng's side. She had the deepest impression of Luo Zheng's rapid growth. Logically speaking, the higher one's cultivation level was, the more difficult it would be, but Luo Zheng's growth was accelerating.
After the people of the Jinwu took the lead in attacking, Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan also led the powerhouses of the Heavenly Palace to attack.
Whether it was in terms of numbers or strength, the You Xiong Clan was at an absolute disadvantage.
However, the seven black-robed men of the Heiyu Clan displayed strong combat power. The Nirvana Realm tokens that appeared above their heads were all pieces of white porcelain. These seven pieces of white porcelain seemed to be a whole. When combined, they could form a unique round piece of porcelain.
When these pieces of white porcelain were used, they could easily create layers of thick crystal walls. Under the protection of these crystal walls, they provided shelter for the You Xiong Clan.
After being chased for a full 30 minutes, the You Xiong Clan only lost five people.
However, these unique crystal walls could only delay, but could not really stop the people of the Jinwu and Gan Gaohan. As long as the Prison of Heaven and Earth was not released, these people of the You Xiong Clan would eventually lose their lives here.
Despair was spreading among Zhu Hongkuan's group …
At the same time, in the northwest of the Center God Province.
Due to the urgency of the situation, the Tai Yiwei and the Nirvana Realm cultivators chose to stay in Huyan City and wait for orders.
The rest of the battle did not have much to do with them. These Tai Yiwei and Nirvana Realm cultivators were very relaxed. After all, they had just escaped death not long ago.
"How dare the You Xiong Clan sneak attack the Greater One Mountain!"
"Humph, when Lord Gan leads his men back, they will definitely die miserably!"
"Sigh, I hope our Greater One Heavenly Palace can safely survive this calamity …"
Just as they were discussing with indignation, strange cubes suddenly appeared in the sky above Huyan City.
Those cubes emitted a dazzling blue light, which immediately attracted everyone's attention.
After a while, the cubes gradually turned into a human figure. A young man with wings appeared out of thin air. This young man had long eyebrows and thin eyes. He was as delicate as a girl. He was Di Jun himself.
After Di Jun appeared, he only glanced at the people below Huyan City …
The tens of thousands of soldiers in Huyan City, whether it was the Tai Yiwei or the Nirvana Realm cultivators, seemed to have fallen into an ice cellar. They could not move at all.
In front of this young man, everything in the world was as small as dust, as insignificant as ants …
This was the strength of a supreme expert like Di Jun. He did not need to reveal his identity, nor did he need to reveal his aura. Everything was just a look.
After Di Jun retracted his gaze, he stretched out his white palm. A small cubes appeared in his palm. It seemed as if there was only one side of the world in the cubes. The world in the cubes reflected the people who were fighting in the Greater One Heavenly Palace.
His personal guards and the experts of the Greater One Heavenly Palace were chasing after the You Xiong Clan.
"Phoenix, Ming Shi, Bai Hu, why did you betray me?"
Di Jun's face revealed a puzzled expression.
He would not be angry because of the betrayal of his subordinates.
This was because Di Jun was very clear that under the blessing of the bloodline worship, Phoenix, Ming Shi, and the others were absolutely loyal to him. There was no possibility of them betraying him.
Suddenly changing sides, there must be something fishy about it!
The confusion that this mystery brought to Di Jun was almost on the same level as Luo Zheng's arrow that destroyed the sun!
Now that he had personally come to the Center God Province, the truth would naturally be revealed.
He dragged the "Cubes World" with one hand and reached out with the other. A Nirvana Realm Token appeared in his right hand. It was a long blue spear. The spear tip and the spear body were translucent, as if it was made of ice.
This was the Star Mark Spear, excavated from the 33 Levels of Heaven. It was a unique Nirvana Realm Token.
"Starlight Token."
Di Jun muttered silently.

Chapter 3332
The mountain lords looked at the stars floating above their heads in astonishment.
"What are these stars?"
"It seems to be a Nirvana Token. I can feel his aura!"
"Why are these Nirvana Tokens here?"
The four mountain lords didn't know what was going on, but Phoenix, Ming Shi, and Bai Hu's faces changed when they saw the stars.
"It's the Starlight Token …" Phoenix whispered.
People like Emperor Jun wouldn't fight for tens of thousands of years. Although he had been carrying the Star Mark Spear for thousands of years, the outside world knew nothing about it. Only a few people close to Emperor Jun knew about it, such as Phoenix.
So when they saw the stars, they knew that Emperor Jun had come to the Center God Province.
After a brief moment of astonishment, the four Mountain Chieftains' expressions quickly turned serious.
These mountain lords were all old monsters who had lived for countless years. Their battle instincts told them that these stars were not simple.
The tokens in the Nirvana Token had all kinds of strange abilities. If they were careless, they would have to pay with their lives!
"No matter what this is, protect yourself first!"
"Phew …"
The mountain lord of Mount Tai Qingshan said and patted his chest.
Small thunderstorms wrapped around him. The thunderstorms formed an absolute energy zone around him. Anything that passed through this zone would be torn to pieces.
The Mountain Lord of Mount Taixiu gently twirled his longsword, and the sword shadows continued to grow. Countless sword shadows grew like weeds, completely surrounding him …
The mountain lords of Mount Tai Ming and Mount Tai Qingshan also activated their protective skills.
Because of these starlights, those powerful beings who had been chasing after You Xiong Family people temporarily stopped moving.
The people of the You Xiong Clan also had a chance to breathe. At the same time, they looked over in confusion. They didn't know why the Heavenly Palace suddenly stopped.
"Buzz …"
Soon, a cube appeared in the sky.
Something crossed the space and moved above Mount Tai Yi.
Mount Tai Yi had been stabilized by the Prison of Heaven and Earth. Even people like Ning Xuyuan and Ming Shi couldn't move it. There weren't many people in the world who could treat the Prison of Heaven and Earth as nothing!
"Buzz …"
As the cube trembled, a blurry dark figure appeared. Along with the figure, there was a pair of wings that were dozens of feet wide and a blue spear.
"Whoosh —"
The moment that figure appeared, it instantly disappeared.
"Crack!"
In the next moment, everyone only saw the blurry figure rushing towards the Mountain Master of Qingshan Mountain.
The thunderstorm that could almost tear apart the Mount Master of the Great Azure Mountain could not stop the blurry figure at all.
At this moment, the High Azure Mountain's Mountain Lord felt an extremely powerful pressure. He instinctively thought that he was going to die …
"Pu!"
The blue spear pierced through the Mountain Lord's body.
However, when the tip of the spear pierced into Mount Taiqing's body, Mount Taiqing felt as if everything within him had been sucked away. His strength, soul, consciousness, will, and spirit no longer belonged to him …
The blue spear did not stop after piercing through Mount Tai Qingshan's Mountain Master.
The tip of the spear didn't even leave his body before it strangely disappeared. In the next instant, it had already entered the body of Mount Taixiu's Lord.
"Pu!"
Penetrate, disappear, reappear …
In another instant, the spear pierced through the Mountain Lord of Mount Great Gold once again …
…
There was a sequence to killing the four Mountain Chieftains.
However, whether it was the four Mountain Chieftains who were killed or the others, none of them noticed the sequence.
They only saw four blue spear lights flashing and piercing through the bodies of the four Mountain Chieftains at the same time. The four Mountain Chieftains were killed at the same time, and then the figure with the huge wings appeared again.
At this point, the others finally saw his face. It was the Demon Emperor Jun of Jinwu!
Zhu Hongkuan and the others who were being hunted down kept wailing. When they saw Emperor Jun suddenly appear, it was as if they saw a glimmer of hope in a hopeless situation.
"It's Lord Emperor Jun!"
"Emperor Jun of Jinwu is here in person!"
"Great, we're finally saved!"
In contrast, the atmosphere at Taiyi Heavenly Palace instantly fell to the freezing point.
Unless Elder Ying or Donghuang personally took action, no one could do anything to an existence like Emperor Jun …
If they were fully prepared, the six Mountain Chieftains might have a chance to fight him.
However, Emperor Jun had already made his move and killed the Mountain Chieftains of the four Mountain Chieftains in an instant.
Although there were many experts present, who could fight him head-on?
Emperor Jun floated in the sky. As he slowly spread his wings, the shadow of a golden disc appeared behind him. It was the Sun Totem, the symbol of faith in Jinwu!
"Buzz …"
When the Sun Totem appeared, everyone in Jinwu had to kneel down and worship it.
For thousands of years, tens of thousands of years, or even hundreds of millions of years, this was an inviolable ritual in Jinwu.
When Phoenix, Ming Shi, Bai Hu, and the rest of the Jinwu people saw the shadow of the golden sun, their legs trembled and reflexively bent down. They also wanted to kneel down and worship it in their hearts!
However, their instincts restrained them …
All of the Jinwu people showed an extremely torturous scene. Their bodies trembled and their instincts and habits were in a tug-of-war.
In the end, they did not kneel down and their instincts prevailed.
Looking at Phoenix, Ming Shi, and the rest floating motionlessly in the air, Emperor Jun's face was filled with disappointment. "Why did you betray me?"
Ming Shi, Bai Hu, and the rest of the Jinwu people were silent. They had not betrayed Di Jun, but they had betrayed Di Jun.
Di Jun did not force the Jinwu people to answer.
He waved the azure spear in his hand, and starlight once again shrouded the sky.
"Buzz, buzz, buzz …"
This time, there were seven streaks of starlight, which appeared above the heads of the seven Celestial Palace cultivators.
The deaths of the four Mountain Lords were still shocking the people of the Heavenly Palace.
They knew very well that the appearance of starlight above their heads meant that they were already dead …
"Sou!"
When Zhao Han of Mount Taixiu saw the starlight above his head, his face turned ashen. Driven by instinct, he chose to flee.
The other six made similar choices. They either used secret techniques to strengthen themselves or chose to flee in different directions.
Just as they were fleeing, Emperor Jun raised the heavy blue spear in his hand.
"Pu pu pu pu pu pu!"
In front of everyone's eyes, the six of them were pierced through by the heavy spear at the same time.
This person's method of killing was powerful and tyrannical, almost unstoppable!
Everyone's heart sank again. They were like a flock of sheep that had lost their ability to resist. There was nothing they could do to Di Jun!

Chapter 3333
If these experts were placed anywhere in the mother world, they would be able to dominate a state.
However, their lives were at Di Jun's mercy.
"Buzz …"
Another ray of starlight descended and landed on the head of a bald man.
This bald man was from Mount Taixiu. His name was Chen Lie, and he was a sworn friend of Mount Taixiu's master.
His eyes were bloodshot as he watched the Hill Master being killed by Di Jun.
Now that the starlight had landed on his head, Chen Lie's temples suddenly bulged as he roared, "This winged demon is disturbing my Heavenly Palace. Let's fight it out with him!"
Whoosh!
Chen Lie stomped his feet in the air, and the space under his feet was distorted.
After his Nirvana Realm Token appeared, it appeared on his right hand. It was a tiger-shaped gauntlet!
Buzz!
When Chen Lie charged towards Di Jun, the eyes of the tiger head on the gauntlet turned red, and a terrifying force gathered in it.
Chen Lie's Nirvana Realm Token came from the 32 Levels of Heaven, and it was also an enhanced Nirvana Realm Token!
Moreover, Chen Lie had more than one Nirvana Realm Token!
In addition to the Tiger-Shaped Gauntlet, he also released another Nirvana Realm Token. It was a palm-sized wooden compass, and it began to spin crazily as soon as it was released.
Ka Ka Ka Ka …
When Di Jun saw Chen Lie take out the compass, he raised his slender eyebrows slightly.
Chen Lie's Tiger-Shaped Gauntlet was an ordinary Nirvana Realm Token. Although it came from the 32 Levels of Heaven, it could only burst out a force of 50,000 Godly Jun.
However, this wooden compass was somewhat powerful!
This compass was made of withered wood. Three of them had been excavated in the Thirty-two Levels of Heaven. It was still unknown who had made these three compasses. Some people had speculated that these wooden compasses were deliberately left behind by the Cha Na civilization as a malicious joke for the latecomers.
There were three scales on the compass. The first scale had a multiplier of one. When the compass rotated to "one", the force released would not change at all.
The second scale was zero. When the compass rotated to zero, no matter how powerful the force was, it would completely return to zero!
The third scale was three hundred!
When the compass rotated to three hundred, the force exerted would be multiplied by three hundred times!
In other words, Chen Lie could unleash a force of 10,000 Godly Jun. Under the influence of this compass, it could be transformed into a terrifying force of 3,000,000 Godly Jun!
Three million Shen Jun …
Not to mention the supreme experts in the Mother World, even the gigantic Chaos Ancient Gods would not be able to withstand this attack.
If there were no other restrictions on the compass, it would probably be the strongest Nirvana token within the thirty-two levels of heaven!
Although the probability of three hundred times was only one-third, once it was used, it was enough to instantly kill the opponent.
However, the compass itself was not a Nirvana token of the descent type …
All the power it released had to be borne by the physical body that was releasing it.
Amplifying one's strength by three hundred times might seem wonderful, but when the compass rotated to this number, one's body would be crushed.
However, even if his physical body collapsed, there was still a way to release this portion of power.
Before Chen Lie, someone had already tried it.
In the past, the chief of the Yue Monkey Tribe in the Mother World had once carried this compass. The Yue Monkey Tribe was a small tribe that was located beside the Liyuan Tribe. For generations, they had been bullied by the Liyuan Tribe. During one of their rebellions, the chief of the Yue Monkey Tribe finally erupted and used this compass to support another Nirvana token.
The Heaven-Fixing Pearl!
After using this uncontrollable power, the chief's body directly collapsed. However, the Heaven-Fixing Pearl that was thrown out smashed the chief of the Liyuan Tribe to death …
Its power was evident.
Although the Yue Monkey Tribe was later easily annihilated by the Liyuan Tribe, it was ultimately a life-and-death struggle.
Thus, the experts in the Mother World also knew the use of this compass. It was used to fight to the death!
"Power! Gather! "
Chen Lie roared as the power in the Tiger Gauntlet on his right hand continuously surged.
"Ka ka ka ka …"
After a while, the compass finally stopped. The needle on the compass slid past zero, past one, and finally stopped at '100'.
"Hu …"
Under the influence of this compass, the power in the Tiger Gauntlet was rapidly magnified.
The energy in the Tiger Gauntlet was originally 60,000 Divine Jun. After multiplying it by a hundred times, it became 6,000,000 Divine Jun!
"Bi bi bi bi bi …"
Under the pressure of the power, even the space sealed by the World Cage started collapsing.
Seeing the Mountain Master dead, Chen Lie also decided to die. Since he had chosen to fight to the death, why would he hesitate?
"Xing Tiger Splitting Sky!"
"I want you to die!"
Just as Chen Lie roared out those words, 6,000,000 Divine Jun erupted.
Even the Chaotic Origin Spirit that he had nurtured for many years dimmed and fell into exhaustion.
At the same time, this fist also burst out along the Tiger Gauntlet!
"Hong!"
A Tiger Gauntlet was blasted out from Chen Lie's hand.
This was an even more desperate and powerful fight to the death than burning the Paramita Token.
The entire Greater One Mountain shook violently under the influence of this punch.
Even the disciples of the three great sword sects who were far away on the mountain felt their legs turning soft as they sat on the ground.
That Tiger Gauntlet tore the space apart as it charged towards Di Jun at a terrifying speed.
"The power of this fist should be enough to kill Di Jun, right?"
"What a terrifying power. That Chen Lie is not famous in the Greater Xiu Mountain, yet he could unleash such a powerful strike before his death …"
"Millions of Divine Jun. That Nirvana token is truly magical!"
Even though the power of the Divine Jun was terrifying, Di Jun's expression remained calm.
"No matter how strong the power is, what's the use if it can't hit the target?"
Just as the Tiger Gauntlet was about to reach Di Jun, his body once again turned into fist-sized cubes.
The Golden Crow Clan was most proficient in fire and space. This world-destroying punch indeed could not hit him.
But just as Di Jun was about to leave, two people appeared not far away from him.
One of them was holding a leaf.
The leaf of the Great Hidden Tree!
Under the cover of this leaf, even an expert as sharp as Di Jun could not detect the two approaching.
The other person was holding a small black snake in his hand.
This little snake was a living creature from the 31st Layer of Heaven. It had accompanied this man for many years. The relationship between the man and the snake was very deep. He had even found a female body for this little black snake, taught it how to read and speak, and married her as his wife.
But at this moment of life and death, he chose to fight with this small snake.
"Hua …"
The small snake's entire body was set ablaze, and it bit Di Jun's body at an unimaginable speed.
Di Jun was about to use his spatial ability to leave, but after being bitten by the small snake, he felt his body tremble and numb. His spatial ability was not very effective, and the blue cubes that originally appeared disappeared one by one.

Chapter 3334
The tiger-shaped fist shadow rushed toward Di Jun. The surrounding space was constantly distorted and shattered, forming a warped "bubble".
Seeing that the "bubble" was rapidly approaching, Di Jun finally showed a sense of crisis on his face.
If this punch hit him, he would also be smashed into pieces.
Di Jun's eyes flashed. He wanted to forcibly move away, but the small cubes disappeared as soon as they appeared. After being bitten by the little black snake, Di Jun had indeed lost the ability to escape.
This was how the battle between experts was like.
Even if you were a powerful existence in the mother world, you would still be defeated if you encountered some special abilities.
If the "Accomplice's Heart" had not been used to kill Elder Wei, the one who would be dead now would be Di Jun himself.
Similarly, Di Jun's "Star Mark Spear" was a very special weapon. This spear could only kill the target who was equipped with the "Starlight Proof". As long as the target was equipped with the "Starlight Proof", he could kill them in one shot. Therefore, he could kill the Mountain Masters before they could react.
And now, Di Jun was facing the same problem. The two from Mount Taixiu approached him in a strange way and used the little black snake to bite him. He did not know the ability of the little black snake, so naturally, he could not escape from it. Coupled with Chen Lie's earth-shattering punch, it was a sure-kill.
In the end.
Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and the others were looking forward to it. If this blow could kill Di Jun, that would be the best!
A trace of urgency finally appeared on Di Jun's face. He gritted his teeth, and a small jade stone suddenly appeared between his eyebrows. This jade stone was also a Nirvana Realm Token. After it appeared between his eyebrows, it flew upward.
Just as the small jade stone left him, the tiger-shaped fist shadow arrived as expected and blasted Di Jun's body.
"Cha cha cha …"
The power of six million Divine Jun was definitely not something that could be blocked by the body.
Under everyone's gaze, Di Jun turned into a cloud of dust and quickly dissipated. However, the tiger-shaped fist was still moving diagonally upwards and flying into the distance.
"It's done!"
"Di Jun was killed?"
"I can't believe it!"
A trace of joy appeared on the faces of the people from the Heavenly Palace. Whether they believed it or not, this scene in front of them had happened.
The members of the Golden Crow Clan were silent. In terms of consciousness, Di Jun's death was the greatest sorrow to them!
The faces of those You Xiong Clan people turned ashen …
They were hoping that Di Jun would help them out. Who would have thought that the dignified Demon Emperor would be smashed into pieces by that punch?
Most of the people missed the floating jade stone …
After the jade flew for a distance, it suddenly emitted a green light. The green light quickly became thicker, and Di Jun, who had been annihilated, was reborn from the green light.
The joy on everyone's faces stayed for a few breaths of time, and then they fell into a daze.
Luo Zheng stared at the scene with puzzlement in his eyes. "It's so strange. Emperor Jun should have been killed."
That scene just now was definitely not an illusion. The tiger-shaped fist shadow really smashed Di Jun into powder like crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood.
"Who doesn't have some life-saving means after ascending to the 33rd Layer of Heaven? That Duplication Gem is not rare in the Heavenly Treasures Dao Cave. After receiving it, you can perfectly duplicate yourself, which is equivalent to having an extra life, "Hou Yi explained.
"Duplication Gem? Perfect duplication? "Luo Zheng was stunned." If you have a few more of these Duplication Gems, won't you have an immortal body? "
To be able to perfectly duplicate yourself, such a Nirvana Realm Token was too heaven-defying. According to Hou Yi, there seemed to be a lot of such Nirvana Realm Tokens.
"Each person can only receive one. If you use it, you will be qualified to receive a second one," Di Jun added in his mind.
Such a treasure was excellent, but each person only had one chance to use it.
Di Jun had relied on the Duplication Gem to avoid the misfortune of death, but he had indeed lost his life here.
He looked down at the people below, the muscles on his face stiff and angry. "Very good. If I didn't have a way to deal with it, I would have been killed on the spot!"
"Buzz …"
The Star Mark Spear in Di Jun's hand shook again.
Six rays of starlight fell …
Chen Lie had died because his power was too strong.
The person who had used the little black snake had burned himself and the little black snake to death because he had burned the Nirvana Realm Token. Only the person who had provided the leaf of the Big Hidden Tree was still alive. One of the six rays of starlight fell on the person's head.
Seeing the Starlight Proof above his head, the person's face turned pale. Out of instinct to escape, he suddenly raised the leaf of the Big Hidden Tree. His breath was completely hidden, and he disappeared.
However, the Starlight Proof followed him like a shadow. No matter which direction the invisible person moved, the Starlight Proof followed him!
"Since you have offended me, you should be prepared to die." Di Jun shook the Star Mark Spear suddenly.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff!"
At the same time, six figures of Di Juns appeared behind the six experts of the Heavenly Palace. Six rays of spear light pierced through them at the same time.
After killing the six people, Di Jun returned to his original position.
After his anger subsided, his expression became cold and arrogant again. His gaze swept across the people below one by one. He was choosing a new target.
When Di Jun's eyes swept over Luo Zheng, they paused for a moment.
It was this brat who had extinguished his sun …
Executing the Nine Suns Apocalyptic Divine Ability had greatly depleted Di Jun's energy.
If not for the fact that he needed to help Lie Shan Clan and Di Hong Clan, he would not have executed the Nine Suns Apocalyptic Divine Ability.
But Luo Zheng had successfully piqued his interest!
Di Jun was naturally unwilling to kill him just like that. On one hand, he wanted to know how Luo Zheng could extinguish his sun. On the other hand, that batch of scarlet-gold Spirits of Chaotic Origin was still in the hands of this brat.
Just as Di Jun was choosing the next batch of targets to kill, Gan Gaohan's lips moved slightly. He was communicating with the experts of the Heavenly Palace.
Di Jun might be strong, but he was not without weaknesses.
Furthermore, these experts of the Heavenly Palace could not be slaughtered like lambs!
After a short discussion, Gan Gaohan had a decisive look on his face as he flew straight up towards Di Jun.
"Xiu –"
Under Gan Gaohan's lead, the other experts of the Heavenly Palace also flew up.
Di Jun was not afraid of one or two experts risking their lives.
But now that the majority of them were rushing towards him, Di Jun naturally had to reconsider!
"Final gamble?"
Di Jun revealed a look of disdain. Just as he was preparing to deal with them, those Jinwu experts also rushed towards him.

Chapter 3335
While Gan Gaohan was charging upwards, he had already ordered his men to remove the Heaven and Earth Cage.
The Heaven and Earth Cage could only trap the You Xiong Tribesmen, but not Di Jun. Instead, it restricted the movements of his own people.
Although it was Gan Gaohan's first time seeing the Star Trace Spear and did not know its origin, he kept guessing in his heart.
No matter how powerful the Paramita Token was, there was a way to break it!
The Star Trace Spear was indeed domineering, but there should be rules hidden within it. As long as he understood the rules, he would be able to break it.
It seemed that Di Jun could only attack the person with the starlight above his head.
If he could avoid the starlight, he would also need to avoid Di Jun's attack!
"Buzz …"
Along with the sudden tremor in space, the Heaven and Earth Cage was suddenly released.
Gan Gaohan was already prepared. The moment the Heaven and Earth Cage was released, he disappeared and appeared behind Di Jun in the next moment.
Di Jun did not expect the Heaven and Earth Cage to be released so suddenly, nor did he expect Gan Gaohan to go against the flow and directly approach him!
However, he had forgotten …
The experts who followed the Donghuang were also veterans. The fear of death was not enough to make them cower.
"Red Spider Lily, bloom!"
A huge red flower appeared above Gan Gaohan's head.
The flower was plump and glistening, emitting an enchanting luster!
"Lord Di Jun, stay here for now," Gan Gaohan said.
As soon as he finished speaking, a spatial illusion had already surrounded Di Jun.
Using spatial techniques in front of Di Jun was no different from displaying one's slight skill in front of an expert. A trace of disdain appeared on Di Jun's face. He could even easily avoid the Heaven and Earth Cage, let alone this illusory space …
Small cubes appeared on the surface of his body, and he quickly shuttled through this illusory space.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
In this illusory space, there were lights and shadows everywhere. Red, white, black, yellow, green, blue, purple, as if countless dyes had been broken.
He shuttled through this space, but he could not find a way out!
While Di Jun was trapped, the experts in the sky had already gathered around Gan Gaohan.
They could not see Di Jun outside the Red Spider Lily.
This Red Spider Lily could indeed create a very strange space. This space was layered, and even Di Jun could not find a way out in a short time.
Just because he couldn't find it now didn't mean that he would never find it.
"I can't trap him for too long," Gan Gaohan said solemnly, "Everyone, we can only work together to deal with him now!"
It was difficult to kill an expert like Di Jun with brute force.
However, each of the experts present had fused with a unique Nirvana Realm Token. If they could make good use of the Nirvana Realm Token, they might be able to kill Di Jun by relying on the mechanism of the Nirvana Realm Token!
"Di Jun's speed is too fast. There's almost nothing we can do to trap him. By the time he escapes from Elder Gan's supernatural power, we won't be able to catch him," an expert from Taiming Mountain said worriedly.
As soon as he finished speaking, Jing Ping of Taiyi Mountain gently waved her hand and a small cross arrow appeared in her palm, "I do have a Nirvana Token. Although it can't capture the Emperor Jun, it's enough to keep him somewhere!"
Seeing the cross arrow, Ning Xu Yuan's eyes sparkled. "It's the Heaven's Beacon!"
Jing Ping nodded.
As long as the target was trapped by the Heaven's Beacon, no matter where he escaped to, the owner of the beacon could pull him back to his original position with just a thought!
As the Nirvana Token of the Thirty-two Levels of Heaven, the Nirvana Force this beacon could provide was only a few dozen Godly Jun. It was also the only ability it had. Because of this, once the Heaven's Beacon locked onto the target, there was no possibility of escaping!
"Then it's easy!" Another middle-aged man said, "Once Di Jun escapes from the Red Spider Lily, he'll definitely teleport away. At that time, Sister Jing Ping can pull him back!"
As the middle-aged man spoke, he took out his Nirvana Token. It was a huge bone club that was also dug out from the Higher Heavens. As an enhanced Nirvana Token, the power it could unleash was very shocking.
Beside the middle-aged man, an old man held a mirror in his hand. After the mirror shone on the middle-aged man, it quickly reflected another middle-aged man. That middle-aged man also held a bone club and looked very majestic.
Many experts were ready. As soon as Di Jun escaped, they would give him a fatal blow.
Gan Gaohan stared at the Red Spider Lily in front of him and became more and more serious. "He seems to have found a flaw and is escaping from the inside!"
The layers of space were like layers of petals that tightly wrapped around the real exit.
However, Di Jun's comprehension of the Dao of Space was amazing. In just a few minutes, he had seen through the layers of space and unraveled the layers of space like spinning silk from a cocoon.
Gan Gaohan should be proud that he could trap Di Jun for so long.
"Boom, boom, boom, boom …"
In the space inside the Red Spider Lily, Di Jun unraveled the layers of space along the invisible veins. When he reached the last layer of space, his hand stopped. "There are a total of 997 layers of space. This is the last layer …"
Di Jun's lips curved slightly and a trace of mockery appeared in his eyes. He did not break the space but raised the Star Trace Spear in his hand.
Gan Gaohan stared at Di Jun in the Red Spider Lily with a nervous face. "Everyone, get ready. He's about to escape … Oh no!"
When he saw Di Jun raise the Star Trace Spear, his eyes narrowed. "The Ancient One! Lin Cang! You … "
At this moment, a figure appeared behind the Ancient One, Lin Cang, and the other four people.
"Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff!"
The long spear pierced through the six people.
The five figures behind the six people disappeared in the blink of an eye. However, the figure behind the Ancient One did not disappear. With a gentle flap of his wings, countless small cubes appeared on his body. He disappeared in an instant and reappeared in the sky.
Di Jun directly used the power of the Star Trace Spear to move out of the space inside the Red Spider Lily. He then escaped from the back of one of the six people easily.
He looked down at Gan Gaohan and said, "Childish and laughable …"
As he spoke, Di Jun noticed that Gan Gaohan's expression was a little strange. Before he could finish speaking, six threads suddenly appeared from his body. At the end of the threads, another figure appeared. It was the six people he had just killed. However, these six people looked cold and lifeless, like zombies.
。
Di Jun had used the six Starlight Proofs on the Ancient One, Lin Cang, and the other five people.
Gan Gaohan had been thinking of a way to break it.
Di Jun could move freely in space. Even if he was trapped in the Red Spider Lily, he might not be able to be restrained. There was almost no way to deal with him.

Chapter 3336
Gan Gaohan was not familiar with the abilities of the experts from the other mountains.
Some powerhouses liked to hide the Nirvana Token after obtaining it so that they could catch their enemies off guard.
After Gan Gaohan asked with a true essence sound transmission, he turned his eyes to Old Sea.
Ever since Elder Hai escaped to the Heavenly Palace and stayed in the Dragon City, he had not fought.
However, Elder Hai had once fused with a Nirvana Token of the Thirty-two Heavens. That Nirvana Token was a thumb-sized worm. This worm was known as the Corpse Weaver in the Thirty-two Heavens.
When this worm was weaved on a person who was about to die, it could trigger a very unique effect. The corpse would turn into another form and reappear, and then fight back against the person who killed it.
The Corpse Weaver was very suitable to create a Hermit's supernatural power. However, ever since Elder Hai escaped to the Greater One Heavenly Palace, he had rarely fought and almost never used this Nirvana Realm token.
At this critical moment, Gan Gaohan chose to let Elder Hai do it.
"Corpse Weaver!"
This ability would only be activated after death. This meant that Lin Cang, The Ancient One, and the others were likely to be killed. However, there was no other choice. Otherwise, they would not be able to catch Di Jun.
Lin Cang, The Ancient One, and the others were afraid of death. However, the Starlight Proof was already hanging above their heads. There was no better way. In the end, they could only hope that Di Jun would break the Red Spider Lily …
However, Di Jun still used the Star Mark Spear to escape from the Red Spider Lily.
After he escaped, the other plan that Gan Gaohan and the others had prepared was naturally useless. However, the Corpse Weaver was activated at the same time.
Elder Hai looked at the six corpses of Lin Cang, The Ancient One, and the others and shook his head slightly.
In such a short time, dozens of his colleagues had died in the Heavenly Palace. Even the four mountain masters were caught off guard and killed by Di Jun. It was indeed heartbreaking.
Although the six corpses were tough, they were not slow at all.
The moment they appeared, they pounced on Di Jun.
Di Jun's face was cold. The moment the corpses approached, he suddenly turned his body and flapped his white wings like two blades.
"Rub, rub, rub, rub, rub!"
The strength of the wings was tens of thousands of Godly Jun. However, the corpses were as tough as metal. They could not even leave a mark on the surface of the wings, let alone be cut in half.
However, the six corpses were sent flying by Di Jun's wings.
However, there was an invisible thread connecting these corpses to Di Jun's chest. When they flew hundreds of feet away, the threads suddenly straightened and pulled them back!
Looking at the six corpses, Emperor Jun's face finally turned solemn.
Buzz!
Emperor Jun stretched out his hand and a small square appeared on his fingertip. The small square covered one of the threads. As the small blue square disappeared, the thread covered by the small square did not break.
This thread could not be severed!
Di Jun was not afraid of these corpses.
Although Emperor Jun did not know the principle of "Corpse Weaver", it was impossible to kill him with only six corpses. However, he still had to face the experts of the Celestial Palace. Dragging these corpses would greatly reduce his agility.
"Old Hai's corpse has trapped him!" Gan Gaohan's eyes flashed with a hint of nervousness. This was the effect he wanted. "Everyone, go!"
They had been preparing beside the Red Spider Lilies for a long time. However, Di Jun had run through them with his long spear, making their preparations in vain. Now that Di Jun had given the order, they naturally rushed forward together.
The middle-aged man carried the bone club and appeared behind Di Jun in a flash.
As soon as he appeared, another middle-aged man, who looked exactly like him, appeared. This middle-aged man was replicated by the mirror.
The lines on the surface of the two huge bone clubs flickered, and the Heavenly Force surged out like a tide.
Whoosh, whoosh!
Seeing the two bone clubs coming one after another, Di Jun frowned slightly. His whole body had turned into countless tiny cubes.
Di Jun's Greater Teleportation was very special. He did not teleport through the space tunnel, so he could not escape into the space tunnel to intercept them.
If these cubes had disappeared before, Di Jun would have appeared in another place, or even thousands of miles away.
However, the situation was different this time when he dragged the six corpses. The six corpses were not moved away.
In everyone's field of vision, they saw the thin threads connecting the six corpses suddenly straighten, and then they were dragged upwards.
Ka Ka Ka …
As the six threads intertwined with the space, they were like gears that were drawn into iron shavings, constantly making "ka ka" sounds. Along the way, there were various cracks in the space, as if someone was cutting the sky with an irregular knife.
Even though Di Jun was proficient in Spatial Magic, it was impossible for him to drag the six corpses by force.
After forcibly moving a distance, even someone as powerful as Di Jun could not drag the corpses anymore. He reappeared not far away.
How could the experts of Great Yi Heavenly Palace not understand?
The moment Di Jun reappeared, the two middle-aged men flashed and appeared beside Di Jun once again. Two Bone Clubs whizzed towards Di Jun's head with an ear-piercing sound.
This time, Di Jun could not dodge in time. He could only roll up a pair of white wings to protect himself.
Boom!
Boom!
The two huge bone clubs hit Di Jun's body. The explosive force was not to be underestimated.
Although Emperor Jun had used his wings to protect himself, he still fell down like a meteorite under such a powerful force.
"Let me!"
A black-robed young man from Great Brightness Mountain flashed. At the same time, a black cross-shaped star appeared above his head. The black-robed young man wielded two swords and slashed at Di Jun.
"Shua Shua!"
The two sword lights formed a cross, and Di Jun happened to be at the center of the cross.
"Pu pu!"
When the two sword rays slashed at Di Jun, traces of blood seeped out from his originally pure white wings.
The black-robed young man revealed a strand of excitement, "He is injured!"
Regardless of whether it was an expert from Great Yi Heavenly Palace or Di Jun, it was not a big problem for them to be injured.
But when an expert at the Chaotic Origin Realm was injured, it usually meant that the Chaotic Origin Spirit was fatigued. And the moment the Chaotic Origin Spirit lost its effect, Di Jun's defense would be greatly reduced!
Just as the black-robed young man finished his attack, another golden arrow flew out from behind him. It was heading straight for Di Jun.
"Hong long …"
The golden arrow exploded, causing golden light to shoot out in all directions. The one who shot the arrow was an expert from Great Mountain Range.
"Me too!"
Another series of sword rays slashed down with a whistling sound.

Chapter 3337
Not only the experts from the four mountains who were eager to avenge their masters, but even Ning Xuyuan and the others were also attacking.
All kinds of supernatural powers rushed toward Di Jun.
"Boom, boom, boom …"
Even someone as strong as Di Jun could not withstand this series of attacks.
Cubes flashed on the surface of his body again as he dragged the six corpses and moved again.
However, there was a limit to the speed of moving while dragging the six corpses. No matter where he flew, there were always people following him.
After circling in the sky for a few times, Di Jun finally realized that it was impossible to get rid of these guys. Unable to bear it, a crack suddenly appeared between his eyebrows.
A blue eyeball was exposed from the crack. This blue eyeball was obviously a Nirvana Realm Token.
However, at Di Jun's level, the Nirvana Realm Tokens were rare and precious. No one could recognize the origin of this Nirvana Realm Token.
"Whoosh!"
The blue eyeball came out of the crack and floated in front of Di Jun.
"Lend me the Nirvana Realm Token," Di Jun said.
However, when the blue eyeball appeared, Shennong from Lie Shan, Ji Xuanyuan from Dihong, and Min Hu from Minyue Clan received the news at the same time. An identical blue eyeball appeared on their foreheads at the same time.
"You also have trouble dealing with Donghuang's followers?" Ji Xuanyuan joked.
"Cut the crap," Di Jun replied coldly.
He had thought that he could easily kill all of them with the Star Trace Spear and take their lives as he wished. He did not expect to be in such an awkward situation.
Not only did he use the Duplication Gem that could only be used once in a lifetime, but he also had to borrow their abilities!
"Whose are you borrowing? Mine or Brother Lie Shan's? "Ji Xuanyuan asked again.
"Min Hu!" Di Jun said.
Ji Xuanyuan looked surprised and asked, "What did you do? Why do you need to fight in close combat?"
After Min Hu took out the Nirvana Realm Token, she gently pressed between her eyebrows.
The eyeballs between her and Di Jun's eyebrows shone with blue light at the same time.
Soon, the Nirvana Realm Token above Min Hu's head appeared above Di Jun's head!
This blue eyeball allowed them to "borrow" each other's Nirvana Realm Tokens.
Min Hu's Nirvana Realm Token was the Armor of Destruction Vanguard. It was a Nirvana Realm Token that could greatly improve one's strength and strength. Therefore, it was the most suitable for Di Jun.
The Nirvana Realm Token floating above Emperor Jun's head flowed along Emperor Jun's body like mercury. Soon, it covered Emperor Jun's body and even his wings!
After fusing with the Nirvana Realm Token, Emperor Jun's eyes revealed a trace of killing intent. Then, he escaped from the space.
.......................................................
. com..
Seeing Di Jun appear from the space, the middle-aged man raised the bone club in his hand.
Unexpectedly, Di Jun rushed out of the space before the middle-aged man. He spread out his wings, which were glowing with blue light, and slashed at the middle-aged man.
. The middle-aged man was a little stunned. He used the Bone Stick to block the attack.
Although the Bone Stick was strong, Di Jun's strength had increased sharply after fusing with the new Nirvana Realm Token. The Bone Stick flew out of the middle-aged man's hand.
"Bang!"
Di Jun punched the middle-aged man's Dantian. The fist strength penetrated the man's Dantian. The man's Inner World collapsed instantly. The middle-aged man screamed and fell from the sky.
When Di Jun smashed the middle-aged man down, two more people came up with swords. But when they were about to get close, they heard the sound of the wind.
Di Jun turned around at an extremely high speed and swept away the corpses that were wrapped around his body!
These corpses were immortal. They hit Di Jun at such a high speed with great force.
"Bang, bang!"
Under such a smash, the two of them were directly smashed down.
"Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh …"
Di Jun stopped running away. After shuttling through the space, he rushed toward the experts of the Heavenly Palace.
Those corpses behind him did not become a burden to Di Jun. Instead, they became weapons in his hands!
"Hu hu hu …"
The six corpses were sent flying in all directions. As long as Di Jun escaped from the space, there would be corpses smashing towards him.
"Bang, bang …"
Some could not dodge in time and fell from the sky.
There were also some who tried teleporting. But the moment they stepped into the spatial crack, Di Jun crushed the spatial passage into pieces.
The moment that person stumbled out of the spatial tunnel, a corpse smashed into him.
The experts of the Heavenly Palace who were smashed by those corpses did not die. But their Chaotic Origin Spirits were smashed into a fatigued state. Some were even heavily injured and lost their combat strength.
Old Sea was dumbfounded when he saw this. He did not expect that the six vengeful corpses he weaved with the Nirvana Realm Token would be used by Di Jun instead.
Di Jun smashed down more than ten experts of the Heavenly Palace and gradually gained the upper hand.
At this moment, a tall and sturdy male teleported to the side of Di Jun. He slashed down at Di Jun with a huge sword on his shoulder.
The strength of the huge sword was at least 80,000 Divine Jun. As the sword light was produced, it was accompanied by shrill screams. Those screams could disturb the mind and soul of the opponent.
But Di Jun merely sneered. His body slightly tilted, causing a corpse to be pulled back by him. The corpse smashed onto the back of that tall and sturdy male. That tall and sturdy male staggered forward. Di Jun followed up with a kick on his back.
"Scram!"
"Sou!"
That tall and sturdy male was like a meteor. He fell from the sky and smashed onto the Supreme Lineage Palace.
The strength of this kick had reached several tens of thousands of Divine Jun!
The huge Supreme Lineage Dragon Palace collapsed after being smashed by that tall and sturdy male!
And at the center of the palace …
Donghuang Tai Yi sat cross-legged with his eyes closed. He was still trapped in the Nirvana Realm.
Seeing the Supreme Lineage Palace collapsing, the expressions of the experts of the Heavenly Palace changed greatly.
"Hurry up and protect Donghuang!"
"We must not let him get close to the Supreme Lineage Dragon Palace!"
"Stop Di Jun!"
The experts of the Heavenly Palace were quite excited, but Di Jun calmed down.
He stared at Donghuang with a strange look in his eyes.
They used to be like brothers. But in the end, they turned against each other and chose different Daos.
Now, it was finally time for them to kill each other …
Originally, Di Jun wanted to kill all the experts of the Heavenly Palace before meeting Donghuang. But at this moment, he suddenly felt that it was not necessary.
"Sou!"
He took a step down. Countless blue cubes covered him and then he disappeared in the space.

Chapter 3338
How could the experts of Taiyi Heavenly Palace let Di Jun get close so quickly?
Those who could still fight instantly teleported over. Since they could not catch Di Jun, who was moving through space, they all pounced on the corpses.
Gan Gao Han, Ning Xuyuan, and the others also rushed over.
These experts grabbed the corpses and dragged them in the opposite direction. The power of the Nirvana Realm formed a joint force that could not be underestimated.
Di Jun's diving momentum was forcibly stopped!
"Buzz …"
Di Jun emerged from the void and looked back at those who were grabbing the corpses behind him. Killing intent flashed in his eyes. His body turned back like a shuttle and crashed into the nearest person.
"Bang, bang, bang …"
Relying on Min Hu's armor, Di Jun could almost go on a rampage in close combat. Under such a collision, four people who were dragging a corpse were knocked away in an instant!
Di Jun did not stop and went straight to the next corpse …
Concubine Yan was treating Feng Ge below while observing the situation above. Seeing that Di Jun was gaining the upper hand, she became more and more anxious.
She had lost a lot of energy in this battle and was at the end of her rope. She could not help at all.
In her anxiety, she looked at Luo Zheng and had an idea. "Luo Zheng, carry East Emperor out. We will escape together!"
East Emperor was the foundation of the Heavenly Palace. If East Emperor died, the Heavenly Palace would be finished.
"Okay." Luo Zheng nodded.
Previously, Luo Zheng had asked the Jinwu to fight against Di Jun together. However, the You Xiong Clan was watching from the other side. After seeing that Di Jun had gained the upper hand, they seemed to want to join the battle and help Di Jun.
Helplessly, Luo Zheng asked some of the Jinwu people to stop Di Jun while the other Jinwu people guarded the You Xiong Clan. At least, the You Xiong Clan would not dare to act rashly!
Luo Zheng's eyes fell on Xun, Han Liusu, and Mu Ning.
Now that the situation was critical, even if they met again, Luo Zheng didn't communicate much with them. The three women were very obedient. When they couldn't help, they stayed in a corner.
"Hide in my Inner World for now," Luo Zheng said.
At first, Luo Zheng was willing to put them outside his inner world because the Heavenly Palace was very safe. But now that the Heavenly Palace was in turmoil, hiding in Luo Zheng's inner world was the best solution.
Whether it was Xun or Mu Ning, neither of them expressed any objections. After all, a battle at this level was not something they could participate in. If they stayed outside, they would only be a burden to Luo Zheng.
After putting the three women into the world within his body, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and vanished on the spot. Then, he reappeared in the hall.
Donghuang still had a serene look on his face. Being on the other side, he did not know what was happening in the outside world.
Seeing Donghuang like this, Luo Zheng sighed slightly.
The Heavenly Palace that he personally managed had expanded to this stage. But in the blink of an eye, it had fallen to this state. He couldn't help but sigh.
Luo Zheng extended his hand and carried Donghuang on his back. With a light leap, he arrived by the side of Concubine Yan.
After Concubine Yan treated Feng Ge, she carried Feng Ge on her back too.
Given Feng Ge's strength, it was actually hard for him to withstand that strike. The strength of 15,000 Divine Jun was enough to tear Feng Ge apart. But after Feng Ge's Chaotic Origin Spirit became fatigued, the Hermit Divine Ability that Donghuang personally planted in her body was activated. This Hermit Divine Ability that protected her body had saved her at the crucial moment.
It saved Feng Ge's life.
When the experts from the You Xiong Clan saw that Luo Zheng was about to carry Donghuang away, they finally became restless. They could not possibly let this opportunity slip away.
Some of the Jinwu experts became vigilant when they saw the You Xiong Clan members becoming restless. After all, Luo Zheng had ordered them to stop these people.
"Brothers, this is a chance to kill Donghuang Tai Yi. Let's stall these birdmen together!" Zhu Hongkuan suddenly encouraged them.
The others from the You Xiong Clan understood that they could not delay any longer. They had to strike now. They took out their Paramita Tokens and rushed towards the Jinwu experts.
While the experts from the two clans were fighting, Zhu Hongkuan narrowed his eyes and suddenly took a step back. Along with a wave of spatial ripples, he directly executed Great Teleportation and appeared beside Concubine Yan and Luo Zheng.
"Hurry up and leave!"
Concubine Yan's expression changed when she saw Zhu Hongkuan suddenly appear. The Golden Crow Divine Fire appeared in her hand and she swept it towards Zhu Hongkuan's head. Naturally, she wanted to buy time for Luo Zheng to escape.
Luo Zheng did not want to stay here any longer. He hurriedly stepped into the spatial passage.
Currently, Concubine Yan's strength was greatly weakened. She was much slower in both speed and strength.
Zhu Hongkuan watched as Concubine Yan swept her hand over. He simply twisted his body and easily bypassed Concubine Yan before grabbing onto the back of Luo Zheng. He grabbed onto Donghuang's shoulder and pulled.
Luo Zheng had already stepped into the spatial passage. He felt his back lightening. Donghuang had been pulled out. Luo Zheng was the only one who teleported away!
When Zhu Hongkuan caught the Eastern Empress, an insolent smile appeared on his face. A blood-red short blade appeared in his other hand, and he fiercely thrust it forward, directly stabbing towards the top of the Eastern Empress's head.
"Ding!"
Donghuang Tai Yi's Chaotic Origin Spirit was ultimately stronger than ordinary cultivators.
Zhu Hongkuan's blood-colored short knife had a strength of several tens of thousands of God Force. But other than a crisp sound, Donghuang Tai Yi did not suffer much damage!
Nevertheless, there was a limit to the endurance of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. It was only a matter of time before the Chaotic Origin Spirit became fatigued.
"No!"
Concubine Yan's expression turned pale. She carried Feng Ge on her back and charged towards Zhu Hongkuan.
Why would Zhu Hongkuan care about Concubine Yan? He casually kicked Concubine Yan to the side. Following which, the blood-colored short sword in his hand pierced towards Donghuang Tai Yi for the second time.
"Ding!"
Another crisp sound rang out. The Chaotic Origin Spirit within Donghuang Tai Yi's body had once again blocked this attack …
"Indeed, Sir Donghuang Tai Yi. Just by relying on the Chaotic Origin Spirit, you are able to receive two of my sword strikes. I wonder if you can withstand the third strike!"
Zhu Hongkuan said as he raised his blood-colored short sword once again.
At this moment, the originally weak Feng Ge opened his eyes.
Previously, Concubine Yan had treated Feng Ge for quite a while, stabilizing his Sun Soul.
She was still in a daze. The moment she opened her eyes, she saw Zhu Hongkuan stabbing towards Donghuang Tai Yi with his short sword. It was unknown where Feng Ge found the strength to charge towards Zhu Hongkuan.
Zhu Hongkuan's eyes flickered when he saw Feng Ge charging over. He did not think too much before slashing down with his blade.
"Pu!"
The broken blade had already pierced through Feng Ge's neck. Blood spurted out from Feng Ge's snow-white neck. His head fell to the side …
"Feng Ge!"
Concubine Yan let out a miserable scream.
On the other side, Luo Zheng had also appeared from the spatial passage. When he saw this scene, his eyes widened. His eyes were boiling with fury.
And Zhu Hongkuan casually threw Feng Ge to the side. He raised his blood-colored short sword and prepared to stab at Donghuang Tai Yi again.
But at this moment, an enormous Sparrow Shadow suddenly appeared above Feng Ge's head.

Chapter 3339
When Luo Zheng saw this enormous Sparrow Shadow, he was stunned momentarily. Following which, he revealed a look of ecstasy.
"Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow!"
That was the clan protection treasure of the Star Falcon Clan. That time, Luo Zheng had given this Paramita Token to Feng Ge!
Concubine Yan who was lying on the ground was also heartbroken. Seeing the sudden appearance of the Sparrow Shadow, she revealed a puzzled look.
As for Zhu Hongkuan, he was at a loss when he saw this enormous bird. He did not know what he had done to attract this bird …
Furthermore, the aura of this bird was extremely powerful. It was definitely not an ordinary Paramita Lifeform!
"Sou!"
Before Zhu Hongkuan could react, the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow had already pecked at his head!
"Dong, dong, dong, dong …"
The Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow pecked at Zhu Hongkuan several times. The first few attacks allowed Zhu Hongkuan to remain unharmed due to the protection of his Chaotic Origin Spirit. The final peck finally caused his Chaotic Origin Spirit to become fatigued. Its long beak pecked out a ghastly wound on his chest. For a moment, blood flowed out.
In terms of size, Zhu Hongkuan was indeed no different from a tiny earthworm in the eyes of the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow!
But Zhu Hongkuan was ultimately an expert who had entered the 32 Levels of Heaven. He was definitely not as weak as an earthworm.
After reacting, he revealed a furious look. His figure suddenly charged forward. He had already stuck close to the neck of the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow. The blood-colored short sword slashed at its neck.
"Ka ka ka ka!"
The blood-colored short sword might be sharp, but this Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow was not a living creature. The blood-colored short sword only left behind scratches on its body.
"I can't break it?"
Zhu Hongkuan's expression turned serious. He had already punched out.
"Hong!"
The Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow was actually forced back by Zhu Hongkuan's punch.
This Paramita Token was indeed a transcendent-grade Paramita Token in the 14 Levels of Heaven. But it was not an existence like the Civilization Tool which contained boundless energy. Being the clan protection treasure of the Star Falcon Clan, the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow had no problem dealing against ordinary Chaotic Origin Realm experts. But against an existence like Zhu Hongkuan, it was different.
Easy to deal!
After the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow took a few steps back, it flapped its wings and lunged at Zhu Hong Kuan, intending to swallow him whole.
However, Zhu Hongkuan's figure flashed and he closed in again. After a few punches, the Three-eyed Dragon Life Sparrow was forced to retreat again and again.
Concubine Yan sat weakly on the ground. Her face was completely drained of color. She almost didn't dare to look at her daughter's miserable state.
She did not know what the Three-eyed Dragon Life Sparrow was, where it came from, and why it would protect Feng Ge. Now that Feng Ge was dead, what was the point of it protecting her?
When she thought of this, she was overcome with grief and started to sob in a low voice.
Luo Zheng stared at the giant sparrow not far away, thinking quickly.
The Three-eyed Dragon Life Sparrow could restore Feng Ge!
In the Nirvana Realm, there were not many Nirvana Realm tokens that possessed such a heaven-defying ability!
However, if the Three-eyed Dragon Life Sparrow wanted to restore Feng Ge, there was a special condition. It had to kill the person who killed Feng Ge, which was to kill Zhu Hongkuan.
The problem now was that it was no match for Zhu Hongkuan. Instead, it was being defeated by Zhu Hongkuan!
Hearing Concubine Yan's sobbing, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows and sent a message, "Concubine Yan, take good care of Donghuang. Feng Ge can still be saved!"
When Concubine Yan heard Luo Zheng's words, she was still in shock. Then she saw Luo Zheng lying on all fours on the ground.
Then, the structure of Luo Zheng's body began to change.
Pieces of bone stood up all over his body. Except for his head, he did not look like a human being!
As the pieces of bone kept rolling, a tail appeared behind Luo Zheng's back!
Concubine Yan was stunned by this scene. She even tried to recall if the Luo Zheng in her memory was a human being. He could not have joined the Heavenly Palace in disguise, could he?
Luo Zheng did not care about Concubine Yan's gaze. After activating the bloodline of the Ancient Gods, he crawled on the ground and stared at Zhu Hongkuan who was not far away.
The Three-eyed Dragon Life Sparrow was similar to Senior Hai's Corpse Weaver. They both avenged the "dead." However, Senior Hai's Corpse Weaver was more powerful and indestructible. Even a master like Emperor Jun could not destroy it.
The strength of the Three-eyed Dragon Life Sparrow was slightly weaker. After being bombarded by Zhu Hongkuan several times, it was faintly showing signs of exhaustion.
"Just a stupid bird. I'll crush you!"
Dong! Dong! Dong!
Zhu Hongkuan's hands were blood-red. Every punch left a bright red mark.
This power penetrated into the body of the Three-eyed Dragon Life Sparrow and constantly made a slight explosion sound!
The Three-eyed Dragon Life Sparrow was retreating. It seemed that there was no better way except to lower its head and peck …
After a short while, many cracks appeared on the surface of the Three-eyed Dragon Life Sparrow's body. It was a sign that the token of the Nirvana Realm was about to collapse.
Zhu Hongkuan suddenly clasped his hands together. A crimson light emerged from his hands.
"Go to hell, stupid bird!"
Just as Zhu Hongkuan was about to attack, Luo Zheng suddenly pushed his hands and feet. His body flashed and disappeared in a flash. The moment he disappeared, he had already appeared beside Zhu Hongkuan.
If it was an ordinary master, he would have no chance to avoid Luo Zheng's surprise attack.
However, Zhu Hongkuan's strength was comparable to that of Qiu Yinhe and He Chi. How fast could his reaction be?
"Sneak attack me? You're courting death! "
The moment Zhu Hongkuan felt the fluctuation of space, he had already hit Luo Zheng's chest.
Luo Zheng withdrew his hands and protected his chest with his arms.
Bang!
He took Zhu Hongkuan's hit head on.
Several tens of thousands of kilograms of force smashed onto Luo Zheng's body. Luo Zheng felt the blood in his chest surging and suffocating!
Nevertheless, he revealed a smile on his face …
Zhu Hongkuan noticed that strange smile on Luo Zheng's face. He muttered in his heart, 'Is this brat sick? How can he smile when he is getting beaten up?' Even if this palm did not kill him, it should at least leave him half-dead right?
As he thought of this, Luo Zheng was sent flying by him.
But Zhu Hongkuan neglected a point. Luo Zheng's body structure had changed.
When Luo Zheng teleported over, he had already wrapped his tail around Zhu Hongkuan's back. Now that he was sent flying by Zhu Hongkuan's palm, that tail had coincidentally hooked onto the back of Zhu Hongkuan's neck.
Previously, Zhu Hongkuan was careless, allowing the Three-eyed Dragon Life Sparrow to attack him. The Spirit of Chaotic Origin in his body was destroyed. Fortunately, that needle on Luo Zheng's tail was able to pierce through the back of his neck!
It was just a light sweep, leaving behind an insignificant trace of blood.
But Zhu Hongkuan's body suddenly trembled. He extended his hand to touch the back of his neck. He looked at Luo Zheng with disbelief, saying, "You, what poison is this …"
Before he could finish his words, he fell to the ground with a 'putong'.

Chapter 3340
The Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow flew over, lowering its head to bite Feng Ge.
Concubine Yan's heart trembled, but she did not stop it.
After Luo Zheng's reminder, Concubine Yan remembered that the 14th Heaven Star Falcon Clan did indeed have this treasure.
After all, Concubine Yan was also a member of the Golden Crows, but the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow was the treasure of the Star Falcon Clan, so Concubine Yan had only heard of it and had never seen it, so she did not recognize it at first.
The Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow swallowed Feng Ge in one gulp, and then crawled on the ground.
After a while, the giant sparrow let out a long shrill cry, gently flapping its wings and leaping up.
And a giant egg appeared on the ground.
"Ka ka ka …"
The giant egg quickly shattered, and Feng Ge climbed out of the giant egg.
At this time, the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow in the sky let out a shrill cry.
"Pop!"
One of its eyes exploded, and it was blinded …
Luo Zheng had heard before that the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow could save its master three times, and each time it would be blinded. Now it had used up one of its chances.
When Feng Ge fused with the Nirvana token, she naturally understood its situation. Seeing this scene, she understood that she had already "died" once …
"Whoosh — —"
After the Three-Eyed Dragon Life Sparrow was blinded in one eye, it circled in the air, and then rushed down toward Feng Ge, returning to the inner world that carried it.
Luo Zheng restored the bone fragments in his body, and after walking over upright, Concubine Yan looked at Luo Zheng with a complicated expression.
An expert like Zhu Hongkuan, his tolerance to poison was far beyond imagination, but after being pierced by Luo Zheng's "tail" needle, he died instantly. The toxicity of that needle was really beyond Concubine Yan's imagination.
Just as she was about to ask Luo Zheng about this matter, there was another violent fluctuation in the sky.
"Dong — —"
The sound was so heavy that it seemed as if the whole world had been shattered.
High up in the sky, Ning Xuyuan's body fell straight down like a broken sandbag, smashing into the Greater One Mountain.
"Rumble — —"
The huge Greater One Mountain was constantly shaking under Ning Xuyuan's smash.
A crack had appeared in the middle of the mountain!
The Greater One Mountain itself was extremely steep and precipitous. The eastern side was facing Dragon City, which was gentle, while the western side was concave. The Taishi Palace was located in this concave surface, and from the back it looked extremely steep.
The crack was located at the steep part of the waistline.
After Ning Xuyuan was smashed into the Greater One Mountain, several more people were smashed down.
Emperor Jun was probably really angry. His attacks became more violent and heavy.
Boom!
"Boom …"
Those who were stronger, such as Ning Xuyuan and the others, were still able to save their lives after crashing into Greater One Mountain, but they were obviously seriously injured.
Those who were weaker were smashed down by Di Jun's corpse, directly turned into a mass of flesh and blood, embedded in Greater One Mountain...
And with every smash, the crack in the middle of Greater One Mountain would expand a little, and the entire Greater One Mountain was in danger of being cut in half!
"We should leave as soon as possible!" Concubine Yan said.
Gan Gaohan and the others were risking their lives to delay Donghuang, and the people of Youxiong Clan were blocked by Jinwu. Now was the chance to escape with Donghuang.
But when Luo Zheng saw the constantly tearing mountain, he suddenly thought of Ning Yudie and Xi Youqin!
But the collapse of the mountain was not a problem. After all, everyone in the Heart Sword Sect could fly. Now that the Center Divine Province had become a dangerous place, if he left, he would have to take them with him.
Luo Zheng planned to let Feng Ge leave with Donghuang, and go to the Heart Sword Sect alone.
But before he spoke, Di Jun swooped down again.
Relying on the Nirvana token Min Hu lent him, the power of one person was enough to fight against dozens of people!
"Go!"
Concubine Yan waved her hand gently, and a wave of spatial fluctuations enveloped Luo Zheng, Feng Ge, and Donghuang.
As a former banshee of the Divine Nest, she was also proficient in spatial magic!
But just as they were about to teleport away, Di Jun stretched out a finger, and a blue cube emerged.
"Whoosh!"
This blue cube directly trapped Concubine Yan, Luo Zheng, Feng Ge, and Donghuang!
The space was locked …
Concubine Yan's expression changed. Her hands gently moved toward the edge of the blue cube, trying to create another spatial passage, but there was no fluctuation in the space.
After all, in the mother world, other than the Chaos Ancient God, Di Jun was the most proficient in spatial magic.
"It's useless?"
Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed, and he also punched toward the edge of the cube.
"Bang!"
With a muffled sound, there was no fluctuation in the entire space.
After Di Jun locked them in, his counterattack became more reckless and direct.
He rushed straight into the sky, and then swooped down into the Greater One Mountain.
The moment he rushed into the mountain, he had already turned into countless small blue cubes, but Gan Gaohan and the rest of the Celestial Palace experts could only rely on their physical bodies to crash into them.
"Boom boom boom boom …"
After Gan Gaohan and the rest crashed into the cubes, Di Jun suddenly drilled out of the Greater One Mountain.
Under this back and forth, the cracks in the middle section of the Greater One Mountain grew bigger and bigger, and the whole inside of the mountain emitted a heavy cracking sound.
"I can't break Di Jun's Spatial Imprisonment!"
Concubine Yan paced back and forth in the blue cube, her face full of anxiety.
Feng Ge saw that her mother was so anxious. Other than being anxious, there was nothing she could do.
Luo Zheng stared at Donghuang, who was lying on the ground, with a trace of contemplation in his eyes.
"Although Donghuang has escaped to the Nirvana Realm, if we can control his body, his strength should not be weak, right?" Luo Zheng asked.
Hou Yi and Di Jun did not return to the Instrument of Civilization.
They had been paying attention to what was happening outside.
"Just say that you want our souls to possess his body!" Hou Yi immediately responded.
Di Jun shook his head and said, "Donghuang, as the head of a clan, must have a powerful soul treasure to protect him. How can it be so easy to control him with just a trace of our souls?"
"How about letting the real Donghuang Taiyi try?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
In theory, the two Donghuang, or even the two Di Juns, were the same person. They were just replicas projected in this round of chaos.
When Luo Zheng asked, Di Jun and Hou Yi's eyes suddenly flashed.
No one had encountered such a thing before, so naturally they could give it a try.
After a while, a third figure appeared above Luo Zheng's head. It was Donghuang Taiyi.
When Donghuang's shadow floated, Concubine Yan's round eyes also widened. This Donghuang Taiyi was both familiar and strange to her.
Feng Ge had seen him in the Heaven-splitting Temple. She hesitated for a moment and immediately understood. At the same time, her little heart thumped. She had seen through Luo Zheng's idea!
"Concubine Yan, do you mind temporarily borrowing Donghuang's body?" Luo Zheng asked.
Concubine Yan did not know what Luo Zheng wanted to do.

Chapter 3341
Under the gaze of Concubine Yan and Feng Ge, the wisp of Donghuang Taiyi's spirit went straight into Donghuang's head.
"Donghuang has the Thousand Annihilation Soul Pendant. This wisp of spirit …" Concubine Yan said hesitantly.
The Thousand Annihilation Soul Pendant could prevent all attempts of possession. The wisp of spirit released by Luo Zheng would be instantly recognized by the Soul Pendant and then annihilated.
Of course, this was just Concubine Yan's concern. After all, the wisp of spirit released by Luo Zheng was very strange. It seemed to be a wisp of Donghuang's soul, but its aura was a little strange. It was indeed not Donghuang.
While Concubine Yan was still worrying, Donghuang Taiyi's wisp of spirit had quietly entered. Within a breath, Donghuang's eyelids trembled and then he opened his eyes.
His eyes seemed to be inlaid with stars, and they were shining brightly!
Concubine Yan looked at Donghuang, her gentle eyes flashing with disbelief. She seemed to be in disbelief. Was Donghuang really awake?
"Your Majesty …"
Concubine Yan couldn't help but rush over.
Feng Ge next to her pulled her back a little awkwardly and whispered, "Mother, he is not father …"
Feng Ge had seen him in the Nirvana Realm, so he naturally knew the truth.
However, she couldn't define the current Donghuang Taiyi. After all, his soul and body were both Donghuang's. It was just that one was the real Donghuang, and the other was a copy. Thinking deeper, her mind was a little confused.
"Impossible." Concubine Yan shook her head.
If Donghuang Taiyi had really been possessed, he wouldn't have this familiar aura. She believed in her judgment, so she thought that Luo Zheng had used some means to awaken Donghuang.
Donghuang glanced at Concubine Yan, then his eyes fell on Feng Ge. He smiled and said, "We meet again. This is your mother?"
"Yes." Feng Ge nodded. "My mother seems to have some misunderstandings about you …"
Donghuang smiled and said to Concubine Yan, "I am indeed the real Donghuang Taiyi, but I am not the Donghuang you used to know. That Donghuang is a seed that I spread in this chaos …"
"Seed?" Concubine Yan was still in a daze.
Feng Ge explained directly, "The real East Sovereign had already entered the Nirvana Realm a long time ago. Mother, you should have heard of the Nirvana Human Tribe, right? Lord Father was created by the real Lord Donghuang! "
Feng Ge's explanation was concise and comprehensive, and Concubine Yan was not ignorant. She had heard about the legends of the Nirvana Realm Human Tribe from His Majesty. She had also come into contact with them, but she had never seen the so-called Nirvana Realm Human Tribe.
Luo Zheng, who was watching the show from the side, smiled faintly and asked, "Lord Donghuang, how much of his strength can he use?"
He had placed Donghuang Taiyi's Qi Soul into Donghuang Taiyi's body in order to deal with Di Jun. If Donghuang Taiyi couldn't exert his full strength, everyone's fate would still be uncertain.
Donghuang Taiyi stood up and gently lifted the Amethyst Sword at his waist. After looking at it carefully, his eyes revealed a look of admiration. "Good sword."
Then he looked at Luo Zheng and said, "Apart from the difference in soul, I should be able to exert 100% of my strength."
The main reason was that a wisp of Qi Soul was too weak. The current Donghuang Taiyi could not withstand soul attacks, but Donghuang Taiyi himself had a unique treasure like the Thousand Annihilation Soul Pendant, so he was not afraid of ordinary soul attacks. Moreover, Di Jun saw that Donghuang Taiyi had awakened, so he might not use soul attacks to test him.
After carrying it, Donghuang Taiyi's Qi Soul was also reading Donghuang Taiyi's Qi Soul. If it was a soul invasion, just reading the Qi Soul's Qi Soul would take a long time, and it might even be rejected — — after all, it was not his own memory.
But for Donghuang Taiyi's Qi Soul, there was no such problem. In the blink of an eye, it had completely merged with Donghuang Taiyi's Qi Soul...
"Boom..."
At this moment, there was another roar from Greater One Mountain.
Somewhere on the mountain, several large holes suddenly exploded. Accompanied by the appearance of a small blue cube, Di Jun once again flew high into the sky.
And the corpses he was dragging had begun to break. Although the corpses made by the Corpse Weaver would not give up until they took revenge, there was still a limit.
As for Gan Gaohan and the other experts who were hanging on the corpses, they were also covered in dust.
Di Jun had already tormented many people by going in and out of the mountain. Only Gan Gaohan and the other four were left.
"Since you are so persistent, I will send you on your way." Di Jun looked back at Gan Gaohan.
As he spoke, he raised his wings, and the shadow of the sun appeared behind him. The temperature became scorching hot.
Because he had used the Nine Suns World Destroying Divine Ability not long ago, he could not use it continuously now, but it was not difficult for him to release the strongest Golden Crow Flame.
"Swish swish swish..."
As the wings continued to flap, the shadow of the sun behind him constantly grew fire snakes. These fire snakes stretched their necks and spat out fire arrows toward Gan Gaohan and the others who were hanging on the corpses.
"Swish swish swish swish..."
Seeing those fire arrows coming straight at them, they were afraid that they would burn the Heavenly Palace experts and their corpses.
Ning Xuyuan, who was lying on the mountain wall, shouted, "Old Gan, let go!"
In fact, at this point, it was meaningless for them to stubbornly stop Di Jun. If Di Jun wanted to kill Donghuang, no one could stop him.
"I won't let go!"
Gan Gaohan wiped the dirt off his face and took out the Paramita Token.
Red spider lilies bloomed around him and the others.
These Red Spider Lilies were not as powerful as the one that had trapped Emperor Jun, but they still had the ability to absorb everything in the world. The fire arrows shot out by the Fire Serpents disappeared into the Red Spider Lilies.
"Ha..."
Seeing Gan Gaohan's method, Di Jun sneered.
As the fire arrows continued to sink into the flowers, the Paramita Flowers quickly burst into flames and burned through the internal space!
"Feng, Feng..."
As the blazing Golden Crow Divine Fire spread rapidly, one of the experts was caught in the fire and burned to ashes in an instant.
Gan Gaohan's face was full of unwillingness. In the end, he chose to let go and left the corpses with the others. These corpses that trapped Di Jun were exchanged with the lives of their comrades. In the end, they still failed. Gan Gaohan naturally blamed himself.
As for the weavers' corpses that were originally indestructible, after being tortured by Di Jun for so long, they finally collapsed under the burning of the Golden Crow Flame and were burned to ashes.
Gan Gaohan fell from the sky onto a huge boulder below. He was actually in a kneeling posture as he fell.
"Crack!"
Under his kneeling posture, the huge rock turned into powder.
He was kneeling in the direction of the Crown Prince's Palace.
Gan Gaohan had followed Donghuang for countless years. Now that he could not protect his master, one could imagine the disappointment in his heart.

Chapter 3342
As Gan Gaohan jumped up, his palm shook violently, causing cracks to appear from the back of his palm to his arm.
"Pfff!"
Blood flowed out from the cracks, turning into a bloody mist.
Gan Gaohan's hand lightly brushed against the bloody mist, and a longsword condensed from it.
"Godly Buckle Sword!"
When Gan Gaohan pulled out the longsword, the wall shook again, and another bloody mist blossomed. He stretched out his hand, and a second sword condensed from the bloody mist.
"Ten Thousand Broken Sword!"
"Returning Crane Sword!"
As the bloody mist shot out from his arm, a longsword condensed. In the end, there were more than ten longswords floating around him.
"Combine!"
Gan Gaohan spat out a word, and all the longswords stacked together, causing their auras to become heavier.
"Meteoric Demon Hand!"
At this moment, Gan Gaohan took out another Paramita Token.
It was a black ghostly hand with jagged skin and sharp fingernails.
After the ghostly hand was taken out, it replaced Gan Gaohan's hand like a glove.
He grabbed the sword again, and his figure flashed, disappearing from his original spot.
"Whoosh!"
In the next moment, Gan Gaohan appeared behind Di Jun, and with a wave of his longsword, the sword flew towards Di Jun with a streak of blood.
"Cha!"
As a descending-type Nirvana Realm token, the ghostly hand also released an extremely strong power of Shen Jun.
Furthermore, Gan Gaohan used his blood essence to forge the sword, increasing the power of this slash.
However, as soon as the sword was slashed out, the corner of Emperor Jun's mouth twitched slightly. His hand was as fast as lightning, grabbing one of Ghost Claw's fingers. Then, Emperor Jun suddenly lifted Gan Gaohan and sent him tumbling in the air.
"Bang!"
Di Jun stomped down again, and Gan Gaohan's entire body shot down from the sky, landing heavily not far from Luo Zheng.
Gan Gaohan had used too much blood essence, and his entire body was about to fall apart. However, there wasn't much blood flowing out from his wounds, and his face was as pale as a sheet of paper.
"I … did my best …"
A thought flashed through Gan Gaohan's mind.
If there was a trace of strength he hadn't used, it would be the burning of the Paramita Token …
However, many people in this world were wary of burning the Nirvana token. Even if he didn't do his part, Donghuang wouldn't blame him, right?
While Gan Gaohan was lying on the ground, waiting for Di Jun to kill him, he turned his head and looked at Luo Zheng.
When his eyes focused, a trace of surprise appeared on his pale face.
He saw that Donghuang had opened his eyes and stood up …
Was Donghuang awake?
While Gan Gaohan was gazing over there, Emperor Jun was also looking down from the sky at the same time.
Her delicate face was filled with endless astonishment and confusion.
Why did things turn out this way …
"Someone has taken over Donghuang …"
This was Emperor Jun's first reaction.
Donghuang Taiyi was trapped in the Nirvana Realm. It was impossible for him to return!
Emperor Jun's eyes flashed with anger.
He and Donghuang Taiyi were as close as brothers. Even if he wanted to kill Donghuang, Emperor Jun would not allow anyone to possess Donghuang's body. This was a humiliation to Donghuang!
"Who are you?" Emperor Jun asked in a cold voice.
Donghuang Taiyi looked up at Emperor Jun in the sky, a confident smile on his face. "I am me, Donghuang Taiyi, the master of the Stellar Sword Field!"
Emperor Jun was startled when he heard this.
From Donghuang Taiyi's expression, he didn't seem to be lying. But what the hell was the master of the Stellar Sword Field?
Even Luo Zheng was dumbfounded. It would be best if Donghuang's name could scare Emperor Jun away, right?
What the hell was the master of the Stellar Sword Field?
Luo Zheng naturally didn't know that Donghuang Taiyi was so excited that his heart was trembling after he obtained this body.
He hadn't been to the Chaos Space for countless years …
That was thousands of Chaos Cycles …
Now that he had a chance again, he wasn't afraid at all. Instead, he wanted to fight.
If Emperor Jun really ran away, he would really want to cry.
Emperor Jun's face was completely gloomy. He had concluded that Donghuang Taiyi must have taken over his body. However, given his character, he naturally wouldn't fight with Donghuang Taiyi.
He stretched out his hand and pinched, and the blue cube began to shrink.
The shrinking of the blue cube was enough to squeeze the person inside into meat paste …
Donghuang Taiyi looked at the shrinking space and narrowed his eyes slightly, revealing a smile.
He stretched out two fingers and gently drew a line in space.
Swoosh —
Two scratches appeared in space, and the moment the scratches appeared, the space exploded.
"The perfect space construction method. Using such a small trick to trap people, heh …" Donghuang Taiyi lightly tapped the ground with the tip of his foot and flew up.
Emperor Jun's eyes narrowed, and his expression became even more strange.
Donghuang Taiyi seemed to know his space god art very well.
After Donghuang Taiyi flew into the sky, he looked around. This world was completely different from Chaos No. 77. Chaos No. 77 was filled with Star Realms of all sizes, but this place was a boundless continent of Giant Continents!
After retracting his gaze, he had already taken out the Purple Rainbow Sword.
Hum!
As Donghuang Taiyi gently shook the Purple Rainbow Sword, a melodious sound emerged. He was actually using the sword to play a series of strange sounds.
The sound was melodious and pleasant at first, but as it became louder and louder, it suddenly made people feel irritated.
Emperor Jun stared at Donghuang Taiyi. He wanted to see what tricks this impostor was playing, so he listened very carefully.
Unexpectedly, Donghuang Taiyi suddenly stretched out his finger and flicked the Purple Rainbow Sword.
Clink!
When the sound suddenly changed, Emperor Jun felt his heart suddenly explode, and at this moment, he was in a trance.
Swoosh —
Donghuang Taiyi took advantage of this opportunity to stab the longsword at Emperor Jun!
When Emperor Jun regained his consciousness, the longsword's tip was already not far from his chest. His expression changed, and his whole body turned into countless blue cubes and disappeared in an instant, barely avoiding the stab.
Emperor Jun appeared not far away, staring coldly at Donghuang Taiyi. "Where did you learn such a small trick?!"
Donghuang Taiyi grabbed the Purple Rainbow Sword and smiled faintly. "Someone almost died because of such a small trick …"
Now, not only did Emperor Jun confirm that this was not Donghuang Taiyi, but also Gan Gaohan, who was lying on the ground and unable to get up. Ning Xuyuan and the others also understood that this person was not Donghuang Taiyi!
After all, after Donghuang Taiyi Palace, he considered himself to be the orthodox sword art in the world. He was very upright and did not practice such methods.
As for how this person could easily take over Donghuang Taiyi's body, they did not understand …
Donghuang Taiyi did not care about other people's gazes at all.

Chapter 3343
Emperor Jun gloomily stared at Donghuang Taiyi, his pair of dark eyes overflowing with killing intent.
"Then I'd like to see what you can do with your insignificant skills!"
"Huff …"
Emperor Jun gently stretched out his right hand, holding the Star Mark Spear in his right hand. Then, he pointed at Donghuang Taiyi with his left hand, and a streak of starlight fell and floated above Donghuang Taiyi's head.
"Donghuang!"
The faces of Gan Gaohan and the other experts of the Heavenly Palace changed greatly when they saw the starlight.
Emperor Jun had relied on this Star Mark Spear to kill many experts of the Heavenly Palace. They naturally did not want Donghuang to suffer from this spear.
But before they could react, Donghuang Taiyi had already been marked by the Star Mark Spear.
Emperor Jun fiercely raised the spear, and his figure suddenly disappeared.
At this moment, Donghuang seemed to be still looking at the starlight above his head, thinking of a way to break it.
The moment Emperor Jun disappeared, Donghuang's figure flashed, and he arrived in front of the mountain wall with the Starlight Proof.
"Weng …"
After Emperor Jun's figure appeared, he had already stabbed forward with his spear.
With Emperor Jun's strength, Donghuang would definitely not be able to dodge an attack from behind, not to mention that this "Donghuang Taiyi" was just a fake!
"Cha!"
"It pierced through?"
Just as this thought appeared in Emperor Jun's mind, he felt that something was wrong. After all, the feeling of the spear passing through was not right. He focused his eyes and was stunned again.
In front of him was a huge mountain wall, and his spear had forcefully poked a huge hole in the mountain wall!
"Hahaha …"
The crack in Greater One Mountain was already expanding, and now that Emperor Jun had added another spear, the crack expanded even more, and the sound of the mountain collapsing could be heard.
"He dodged it?"
Emperor Jun pulled out the Star Mark Spear and looked at Donghuang Taiyi in disbelief.
Even the real Donghuang would find it difficult to break the Star Mark Spear, but this fake could find a way to deal with it in an instant?
"You …"
Just as Emperor Jun opened his mouth, Donghuang Taiyi shook his finger at him and said lightly, "The marked object can be moved! Your starlight is nothing more than a mark! "
Emperor Jun stared at Donghuang Taiyi in disbelief, and suddenly raised the Star Mark Spear, and his figure flashed again …
"Cha!"
The second spear, Emperor Jun stabbed the Greater One Mountain again.
The third …
The fourth …
After five consecutive strikes, Di Jun missed.
Donghuang Taiyi had the opportunity to attack Di Jun, but he did not intend to fight back.
However, Donghuang Taiyi didn't do anything. Every time, he just let Di Jun stab the mountain wall.
"I'm that powerful?"
Luo Zheng stared at the sky and asked.
"Hehe, we've lived for over a thousand chaos epochs. Have we been living like dogs all this time? In terms of experience, how can these replicas compare to us? "Hou Yi said.
"My clone is probably going to be furious," said the illusory image of Emperor Jun above Luo Zheng's head.
These replicas had different experiences from the original Emperor, but their temperaments were similar. For example, the original Emperor Jun was very serious and stubborn, so was the Emperor Jun in the mother world.
He simply could not accept being toyed with like a cat toying with a mouse in battle.
The cultivators of the Heavenly Palace raised their heads and looked at Donghuang Taiyi's flickering figure. Everyone's face was filled with excitement.
After all, Di Jun had killed dozens of cultivators of the Heavenly Palace.
After missing five consecutive strikes, Di Jun finally calmed down. Anger was brewing in his delicate eyes, as if it would explode at any time.
On the other hand, Donghuang Taiyi looked at Di Jun calmly …
In Chaos No. 77 and the Nirvana Realm, Donghuang Taiyi and Di Jun had a good relationship. Of course, he knew that this "Di Jun" was extremely angry.
"Whoosh …"
After a moment of silence, Di Jun spread his wings and his body began to expand rapidly.
"The Rage God Body …"
Concubine Yan's eyes narrowed.
The strength of the cultivators in the mother world was actually divided into different levels.
At the end of the ancient times, the embryonic form of the various superpowers had been formed.
At that time, the Three Tycoons of the Ear Rat, Black Ship Boss, Ji Xuanyuan, Shennong, Nuwa, Fuxi, and Donghuang …
Before the Gate of Truth closed, these cultivators entered the Nirvana Realm with the Rage God Body to cultivate the Body of Innumerable Calamities and improve their physical bodies to a higher level.
But ever since the Middle Ancient Era, the Rage God Body had been crippled. Those who came later could not catch up with them at all!
Hence, even though there were many outstanding cultivators, their fleshy bodies were naturally flawed. The method to remedy this flaw was the "Spirit of Chaotic Origin". Nevertheless, the Spirit of Chaotic Origin had a limit. Even if they reached the Late Stage Chaotic Origin Realm, they were still on par with Di Jun and Fuxi.
There was a huge gap!
More importantly, there were two conditions to enter the 33 Levels of Heaven. First, they had to enter the Soul City. Second, they had to pass through the Nirvana Realm. Hence, no matter how hard Qiu Yin He, He Chi, Lin Zhanting, Phoenix, and other cultivators tried, they could not enter the 33 Levels of Heaven.
They could not become supreme experts!
And there was only Elder Ying and Donghuang who had entered the 33 Levels of Heavenly Palace.
"Hua …"
Following that, Di Jun's body rapidly expanded. He had already turned into a giant with two wings.
As he flapped his wings, a gale was formed.
For a moment, rocks flew everywhere. Sand and dust billowed!
"Is he serious now?"
Donghuang Taiyi chuckled.
He also activated the power of the Rage God. His body began to expand rapidly.
In the blink of an eye, he had also turned into a giant with a height of one hundred thousand feet. He stood not far from Di Jun!
Donghuang Taiyi stretched out his hand and grabbed the air. At the same time, he spat out a word, "Grow!"
The Purple Rainbow Sword also continued to grow bigger and bigger.
This Purple Rainbow Sword was forged by Donghuang Taiyi with the Heavenly Gold Lock Iron. It was originally sixty-six thousand feet long. However, after forging it, it was shrunk to six feet and six inches with a secret technique.
Now, Di Jun had completely lost his patience. With a flap of his wings, a blazing sun appeared behind him. He rushed towards Donghuang Taiyi without any hesitation.
Donghuang Taiyi did not panic. He took a step back in the air. The space around him fluctuated quietly. He had already moved to a higher level in the sky.
The battle between the Rage Gods could easily harm the innocent. Naturally, he did not want to involve Luo Zheng in the battle.
After Di Jun's huge body pounced on the air, countless blue cubes appeared from his huge body and chased after him in the sky.
Just as Di Jun chased after him …
A huge golden sword shadow appeared on the dome in the sky. The golden sword shadow was so huge that it almost crossed the dome in the sky above the Center God Province!
"Hum …"
Those golden sword shadows rotated to one side and turned into dozens of golden sword shadows. These sword shadows directly blocked the sky above the Center God Province!
In the vast land of the Center God Province, trillions of living beings were bathed in the golden light.
Concubine Yan, Feng Ge, and the people from the Taiyi Palace covered their mouths when they saw this scene.
Those were the Golden Rune Swords activated by the power of Donghuang Taiyi's bloodline!
However, Donghuang Taiyi could only activate three Golden Rune Swords at most when he used all his strength. At that time, the power was already terrifying. The other powerhouses in the mother world were also very wary of it.

Chapter 3344
Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and the others did not know what had happened to Donghuang.
Looking at the dazzling golden sword light, a smile appeared on their faces.
"It seems that His Majesty has gained a lot in the Nirvana Realm!"
"Did he get a Nirvana token that can enhance his bloodline?"
"Golden Rune Swords … His Majesty has not used them for many years, but they are so powerful!"
Taiyi Heavenly Palace was not a clan force, and Donghuang's bloodline was also confined in Taiyi Palace. Therefore, there were very few people with Donghuang's bloodline …
"Hum …"
In the center of those Golden Rune Swords, there was a huge vortex, as if there was energy constantly being drawn to the center.
Luo Zheng easily saw the huge vortex in the center of the Golden Rune Swords, and asked, "Senior Hou Yi, Senior Di Jun, isn't that vortex connected to another place outside the Chaos?"
Hou Yi and Di Jun had previously explained that all the energy in the Chaos did not belong to the Chaos.
But usually, the energy released was too little to be noticed.
When the energy reached a certain level, the energy released would take the form of a vortex, and this vortex was the evidence that it was connected to the outside of the Chaos.
The power of those Golden Rune Swords was extremely terrifying. Luo Zheng observed and found that they also took the form of a vortex.
"That's right!" Hou Yi replied.
"Then can Senior Hou Yi's Sun-Shooting Divine Bow destroy these Golden Rune Swords?" Luo Zheng asked.
"This …"
Just as Hou Yi was hesitating, Di Jun laughed disdainfully, "How is that possible? Everyone said that he was just lucky back then. His bow and arrow could only extinguish my sun … "
"So there are differences between vortexes," Luo Zheng murmured.
"It's not that there are differences between vortexes, but different energy sources. Different methods of cutting off energy are also different," Di Jun replied.
"In other words, there are many methods like the Sun-Shooting Divine Bow?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Di Jun nodded and said, "Yes, the one who has studied this the most is the Primeval Lord of Heaven. But even someone as smart as the Primeval Lord of Heaven has studied this path for countless years to no avail …"
"Studying things outside of the Chaos is nothing more than looking at a leopard through a tube," Hou Yi said lazily.
The experts of the Human Clan admired the wisdom of the Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning. However, even someone as smart as the Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning could not find the pattern …
"Phew …"
Golden light flashed between heaven and earth.
Those Golden Rune Swords simultaneously shot towards a certain spot in the sky.
When all the Golden Rune Swords converged, an extremely sharp aura spread out, and the resplendent golden light covered all the light in the world.
"This is the Sword Dao's Mastery!"
"Your Majesty's strength has indeed made a breakthrough!"
"He's too strong. Di Jun is definitely no match for him!"
When the cultivators of the Heavenly Palace saw this scene, they were so emotional that they almost cried.
As for You Xiong Family people, their faces were as pale as ash.
Their only hope was Di Jun.
If Di Jun was defeated, how could the experts from Taiyi Heavenly Palace and Jinwu let them off?
Moreover, there was also the powerful Donghuang Taiyi!
As the golden light flashed, a huge red fireball suddenly bloomed in the sky!
It was another sun!
Di Jun was now in a difficult situation.
He had already released the Nine Suns Destruction in advance, and could not release it again in a short period of time.
He had never thought that he would have to fight with Donghuang Taiyi, let alone that the imposter controlling Donghuang Taiyi would be so ridiculously powerful.
Based on the relationship between Di Jun and Donghuang Taiyi, his understanding of Donghuang Taiyi was far beyond that of Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and Concubine Yan …
He could not understand how the power of these Golden Rune Swords could suddenly increase by ten times!
Was the soul curled up in Donghuang Taiyi's mind a monster?
When the sun had just bloomed, the huge sword light had already pierced through …
"Swoosh swoosh swoosh …"
Di Jun, who was inside the sun, had to move again. This sun was directly slashed into pieces by the Golden Rune Swords, turning into balls of irregular flames and quickly disappearing between heaven and earth.
However, Donghuang Taiyi's Golden Rune Swords had almost occupied the sky above the Center God Province. No matter where Di Jun moved, there would always be a Golden Rune Sword piercing through the sky.
Donghuang Taiyi moved the Golden Rune Swords faster and faster, but Di Jun moved faster and faster as well.
"Buzz buzz buzz buzz …"
Countless blue cubes formed a figure, flashing all over the Center God Province.
Above the lake, as soon as those blue cubes appeared, a golden light shot from the sky. Before Di Jun's figure formed by the blue cubes could condense, it directly disappeared …
"Swoosh …"
The golden sword light flew over, and the surging aura caused the water of the lake to start flowing backward. It was like a tsunami.
Fortunately, in the many big cities around the lake, there were quite a few strong cultivators from the families. They all took action to stop the lake water from flowing backward.
These strong cultivators were not worried about the loss of the lake water. They were more worried about the battle in the sky.
As the natives of the Center God Province, they could naturally see that the one in the sky should be Donghuang Taiyi himself. Only he had the ability to do so. As for who the other blue shadow was, there were relatively few people who could see it …
No matter what, they still hoped that Donghuang could win. At least that way, the Center God Province would be safe.
"Buzz!"
The moment Di Jun disappeared, he had already appeared on a plain in the west of the Center God Province. He did not even have a chance to breathe before the Golden Rune Swords slashed at him again.
"Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …"
The blades of the Golden Rune Swords slashed across the ground, cutting the ground on both sides and turning it upside down. The plain that was originally a whole was cut by the Golden Rune Swords, forming a huge canyon.
Seeing that the Golden Rune Swords were in front of him again, Di Jun could only move again …
Donghuang Taiyi put his wings behind his back, and all the Golden Rune Swords moved according to his will. He looked like he was handling a butcher's cleaver with ease.
"If you are smart enough, you still have a chance to escape now …"
"But you don't know how to escape."
"Although you've been able to dodge my Golden Talisman Sword multiple times with your Greater Teleportation, I only need one chance …"
"One chance!"
As soon as Donghuang Taiyi finished his words, countless small cubes suddenly appeared behind him. Di Jun had chosen to teleport behind him to launch a sneak attack.
However, Donghuang Taiyi seemed to have guessed Di Jun's movement!
A huge Golden Rune Sword fell from the sky, piercing through Di Jun's head from top to bottom.
Seeing that the Golden Rune Sword came at such a timely time, Di Jun's expression changed, and he flapped his wings to retreat quickly.
However, as he was retreating, another Golden Rune Sword slashed at Di Jun from behind!
This time, Di Jun had no time to dodge. He could only turn around abruptly to avoid being hit on his vital parts.
"Puff!"
The Golden Rune Sword cut off one of Di Jun's arms and half of his wings.
The arm that was more than 40,000 feet long and the wings that were 200,000 feet long were cut off. The moment they were cut off, they returned to their normal size and fell from the sky.

Chapter 3345
Di Jun looked at his wound, his entire body trembling.
Donghuang Taiyi was still standing with his hands behind his back.
There was an indescribable sadness on his face.
He had also read all of Donghuang's memories after taking over his clone's body.
In this life, Donghuang and Di Jun had been as close as brothers, but in the end, they had turned against each other and met on the battlefield.
"Swoosh, swoosh..."
Blood dripped from Emperor Jun's body, but no one dodged. They just raised their heads and stared at the movement in the sky.
"You are no match for me," Donghuang Taiyi said calmly.
Donghuang Taiyi was much better than Di Jun's clone in terms of bloodline control and battle experience. If it had been the real Di Jun, it would have been hard to say who would have won.
The corner of Di Jun's eyes twitched. He raised his hand, and a huge flame condensed into a spear.
He could ignore his own life, but he would not allow himself to fail!
However, just as the huge flame spear was condensed, a crack appeared between his eyebrows, and an eyeball came out.
"Come back. You are no match for him," Ji Xuanyuan from Dihong Clan said.
This eyeball not only allowed them to share the Nirvana token, but also allowed them to observe each other and exchange information.
Ji Xuanyuan and Shinno had seen the fight between Di Jun and Donghuang.
"Not only are you no match for him, but even if I were to fight him, the result would be the same," Shinno from Lie Shan Clan said.
Both of them were very cautious. Apparently, they regarded Donghuang Taiyi as a strong opponent.
"Why?" Di Jun asked unwillingly. "He is not Donghuang!"
"He is not, but he could be another one," Ji Xuanyuan said.
"Another one? What do you mean..." Di Jun was shocked.
"The reason why your Nine Suns Destructive Divine Power was destroyed by Luo Zheng's small bow and arrow was because of another person called Hou Yi. There is another me, another Lie Shan, another Di Jun in this world …"
"What!" Di Jun was shocked when he heard the news. "How could these people exist?"
Like Li Shan, Ji Xuanyuan and Shennong had been searching for the Nirvana Realm humans since they were born.
However, the clues left behind by the Nirvana Realm humans were all concentrated in the Six Stripes Blood Steadying Tree, which was in the hands of Nuwa. Therefore, Ji Xuanyuan and the others knew less about the Nirvana Realm humans than Nuwa.
Genryū knew that Luo Zheng had entered the Heaven Splitting Divine Temple. What the Moon Fire Slave had seen was also seen by the Meta-Spirits in the upper heavens. Naturally, they knew that Luo Zheng had taken the Weapon of Civilization …
As the second dominant civilization, Genryū was naturally aware of the movements of the Nirvana Realm humans. The so-called "secret of the Nirvana Realm humans" was no secret to them.
But from the beginning to the end, the Yuanling Clan never revealed any information about the Nirvana Human Tribe to Ji Xuanyuan and Shinno. The reason was very simple. The Yuanling Clan supported Ji Xuanyuan and Shinno in order to separate the Human Tribe. Why would they tell them about the past of the Nirvana Human Tribe?
It was only when Ji Xuanyuan had just gone to the other shore and asked about the Sunslaying Divine Bow in Luo Zheng's hands that the Elemental Spirit Race had revealed their secrets. Now that things had come to this point, the Elemental Spirit Race had completely controlled them, so Ji Xuanyuan and the others naturally had no right to turn back.
However, he was also shocked after learning the truth. Naturally, he told Di Jun the truth as soon as possible.
"So, I'm just a replica?" Di Jun murmured.
Donghuang Taiyi was still looking at Di Jun calmly. Di Jun had transformed into a huge Rage God. Even if he murmured softly, Donghuang Taiyi could still hear him clearly. Since Di Jun knew that he was a replica, he probably knew some of the truth...
Di Jun lowered his head and pondered for a while. Suddenly, he dispersed the power of the Rage God.
His huge body disappeared and returned to normal size.
Donghuang Taiyi stared at the ant-like Di Jun and dispersed the power of the Rage God as well.
"You're the True Body of Donghuang Taiyi, right?" Di Jun asked.
Donghuang Taiyi nodded. "Yes."
Di Jun looked down at the Greater One Mountain and said, "I want to see... my True Body."
Donghuang Taiyi finally showed a surprised look when he suddenly made such a request, but he quickly made a decision. "Okay."
Donghuang Taiyi and Di Jun descended one after another.
The experts of the Heavenly Palace did not know what was going on, but they still looked nervous when they saw Di Jun descending.
There were still a few experts of the Heavenly Palace who had maintained their fighting strength, such as Li Bianxue and the others. At this time, they also came forward in advance to prevent Di Jun from attacking.
"Luo Zheng, he wants to see his True Body," Donghuang Taiyi said through sound transmission.
Luo Zheng also showed a look of astonishment. While he was hesitating, Di Jun's True Body said in Luo Zheng's mind, "See him, I can talk to him." “
After Luo Zheng nodded, Donghuang Taiyi had already stood beside Luo Zheng, while Di Jun, who had lost an arm and a wing, stood opposite Luo Zheng.
"Buzz..."
With a faint flash of light, the shadow of Di Jun's True Body appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
Di Jun looked at Di Jun for a while, and then asked, "They said I'm just a copy of you?"
"Yes," Di Jun replied.
"What's the meaning of copying us?" Di Jun asked again.
"To let you go on the Path of the End and make the last fight," Di Jun said again.
"Lie Shan, Dihong and the others... are they the same?" Di Jun asked.
"Same. In fact, we have spread a lot of seeds, but most of them did not survive. You are one of the lucky ones. Ji Xuanyuan is one of them, and so is Shennong." Emperor Jun smiled and said, "I can ask their Spirits to come out..."
"No need." Di Jun waved his hand and continued, "But why did we go on a different path? Why didn't we go on the same path as Donghuang, Nuwa and Fuxi?"
Di Jun felt a little wronged. He was very stubborn. After finding out that he was a traitor, he regretted it. However, he had chosen to betray them unconsciously, so he blamed his True Body.
Di Jun sighed, "Because of some accidents, Genryū intervened, and we were trapped in the 33 Levels of Heaven. We couldn't do anything until... Luo Zheng opened the Heaven-splitting Divine Temple and carried the Instrument of Civilization. Then our Spirits could see the light of day again."
"I see. I was the one who went on the path." Di Jun lowered his eyes and said, "Then I can choose another path..."
When Di Jun asked these questions to Luo Zheng, Ji Xuanyuan and Shennong were listening attentively from another place in the mother world. When they heard Di Jun's words, their faces changed.
"Oh no!"
Genryū dared to tell them the truth because he was sure that they would not dare to betray him.

Chapter 3346
Luo Zheng, Concubine Yan, and the others were also shocked.
Experts like Emperor Jun had extremely strong willpower. Once they chose a path, they would continue to walk it even if it was wrong.
Now, Emperor Jun was going to change his mind with just a few words.
However, Emperor Jun seemed to have expected this, and his expression was normal.
Emperor Jun was similar to Emperor Jun in character. He knew that this replica was the same as himself, and could not accept deceit and betrayal.
Once, the replica was the king of the whole Jinwu. He did not care about betrayal, and everything in the Jinwu would go according to his willpower. However, after the replica found out about his origin, the situation was different.
Back then, the replica and the replica Donghuang Taiyi had been arguing about which path to choose. Now that he had been proven wrong, he certainly could not accept it.
"If you want, of course," Emperor Jun replied.
Emperor Jun nodded.
He was very interested in the power of the Jinwu bloodline.
He also wanted to know more about the human race and what kind of existence Di Jun was in the past.
However, just as Emperor Jun nodded, the eyeball on his forehead suddenly flashed a triangular black light, and a strange sound came from the eyeball. "Hahaha, what's the use of your willingness? You have to ask whether we are willing or not! "
Hearing this, Emperor Jun's face suddenly changed, "Who, who are you?"
This eyeball was given to Emperor Jun by Genryū, but Emperor Jun had always used it to communicate with Ji Xuanyuan and Shennong, or to borrow each other's Nirvana Token. Now, the sound from the eyeball was definitely not from any of them.
"Who am I? Hahaha … "The voice did not answer.
"I know who you are."
A figure appeared above Luo Zheng's head again. It was the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi.
When Luo Zheng asked the souls of Emperor Jun, Hou Yi, and Donghuang to come out to help, the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi began to pay attention to the outside world.
When the voice in the eyeball appeared, the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi finally chose to show himself.
The triangular black light in the eyeball stared at the Primeval Lord of the Origin's spirit and laughed even more wildly. "We meet again, Primeval Lord of the Origin. Hahaha, now you want to stir up trouble with just a trace of your spirit?"
Yuanshi Tianzun stared at the triangular black light in the eyeball calmly and said, "Opportunity is on my side."
"Opportunity is on your side? That was simply wishful thinking. If that was the case, why bother hiding in the 33 Layered Heavens? You are not even as good as the Wu Kong Clan! "the triangular black light continued.
In the entire Nirvana Realm, any race that believed in the Path of the End was suppressed. They either disappeared from the Nirvana Realm or joined the Genryū.
Even the once prosperous Human Race was trapped in the 33 Heavens.
Only the Wu Kong Clan was an exception.
The Wu Kong Clan had chosen a completely different path from Genryū, but before Genryū started to suppress them, the Wu Kong Clan had successfully attracted many geniuses and experts from large clans.
When Genryū turned back to prepare to suppress the Wu Kong Clan, the Wu Kong Clan had already grown to the point where they could not be suppressed …
"Unfortunately, your plan was too late," Yuanshi Tianzun said with a smile. "As far as I know, your forces in the Chaos do not have the upper hand."
"This bit of advantage is nothing to my Elemental Spirit Clan!"
Perhaps to prove that he did not care, the eyeball suddenly blinked.
"Buzz!"
The entire eyeball instantly turned crimson red, and a terrifying energy was brewing in it.
Donghuang Taiyi stood at the side and watched Di Jun's every move. He was afraid that Di Jun would suddenly kill someone, and that would be troublesome.
When the energy was ready, his figure flickered and appeared in front of Luo Zheng, blocking his path.
Meanwhile, Di Jun himself had also expected something …
At this moment, he turned to look at his subordinates, Phoenix, Ming Shi, Bai Hu, and the other Jinwu people, and said, "This Di Jun is the real Di Jun, and I am just a copy. Perhaps this is the reason why you betrayed me. I am willing to believe it, but please follow him …"
As he spoke, many small blue squares appeared on his body, and then he appeared in the sky.
"And, Concubine Yan, please forgive me …"
Di Jun looked down at Concubine Yan and said.
Concubine Yan had the blood of the Jinwu people flowing in her body, and they were both Jinwu people.
When she married him, Di Jun naturally agreed.
However, the initial conflict between the two clans was caused by Concubine Yan, and the entire Divine Nest regarded her as a traitor.
"Bang!"
Before he finished speaking, the red eyeball suddenly exploded.
The reason why Di Jun rushed into the sky was that he did not want to hurt Luo Zheng, Concubine Yan, and the others.
However, although the eyeball was powerful, the range of the shock wave was not large. It only shattered Di Jun's head and upper body, and the other half of his body fell from the sky.
"My Emperor …"
After seeing this scene, the Jinwu people were heartbroken.
Phoenix flapped her wings, flew up, and held Di Jun's broken body in her arms.
Although the Jinwu people had to listen to the Di Jun in Luo Zheng's mind because of the "Bloodline Worship," their memories and emotions were still there, and this sadness came from the depths of their hearts.
Concubine Yan also bit her lips, and her snow-white face was full of sadness.
Feng Ge did not have any feelings for Di Jun. After all, when she was born, the Heavenly Palace and the Jinwu people were already at odds with each other. She only hated the winged Divine Nest Demons.
However, she felt Concubine Yan's sadness, and she also felt sad.
It was indeed sad that a Patriarch of a superpower would die in this way.
After Di Jun's death, everyone's eyes fell on Zhu Hongkuan and the others again.
Zhu Hongkuan and the others wanted to escape at first, but after Di Jun came to the Center God Province and killed everyone, they did not want to leave.
After all the masters of the Heavenly Palace were killed, they could freely plunder the Seven Mountains. A superpower's foundation was very deep.
They did not expect Di Jun to be defeated by Donghuang Taiyi …
At this time, they were wondering if Di Jun could take them away. With Di Jun's strength and mastery of space, it was easy for him to do this.
However, they did not expect Di Jun to sit down and talk with them for a long time.
They talked about something, and Di Jun suddenly rose into the sky and exploded …
From the beginning to the end, Zhu Hongkuan and the others were dumbfounded. At this point, it was impossible for them to escape even if they wanted to.
The moment the eyeball on Di Jun's forehead exploded, in another part of the mother world.

Chapter 3347
Ji Xuanyuan, Shinno, and Min Hu fell silent.
They'd expected Genryū to punish Di Jun, but they hadn't expected Genryū to be so ruthless.
Di Jun had only shown a hint of rebellion and hadn't made up his mind, but Genryū had killed him without hesitation.
Such a method was simply too ruthless.
And on their foreheads, there was also an eyeball like this.
They'd once thought that this token would bring endless possibilities. With multiple tokens, they could greatly increase each other's strength.
Now, it seemed that the eyeball was a fatal threat.
How could experts like Lie Shan and Shennong allow others to take their lives at any time?
Not even the high and mighty Genryū!
While they were silent, the eyeballs in their foreheads opened at the same time. A triangular black light emerged from the center of the eyeball, and the voice spoke again.
"Did you see what happened to Di Jun?" the triangular black light asked.
"Yes," Ji Xuanyuan replied.
"What do you think?" the triangular black light asked.
A harsh light flashed through Ji Xuanyuan's eyes. "We've already chosen our own path and should guard it. Di Jun wanted to rebel on the spur of the moment. We don't need an ally like him!"
The triangular black light trembled for a while before saying, "You're right. Remember, this world will eventually prove that we've chosen the right path. Order is the only path to survival. I don't want to see this happen again. You've seen what happened to him!"
With that, the triangular black light vanished.
Ji Xuanyuan, Min Hu, and Shinno remained silent.
The experts behind them were silent as well.
Their patriarch's life was under someone else's control. They didn't feel good that someone else could kill him with a single order.
However, the eyeballs were still rooted in their foreheads. They couldn't even discuss it in private.
"Get to work."
After a short silence, Ji Xuanyuan turned to Huo Xing.
Huo Xing glanced worriedly at Ji Xuanyuan and nodded.
He stretched out his hand and made a lifting gesture towards the sky. Wisps of green flames rose from his hands and rose into the air.
Hiss … hiss … hiss …
After these green flames rose up, they were drawn into the space above. The wisps of flames formed a vortex and began to compress towards a point.
Within the Primal Chaos, there was a minimum unit of space. By continuously dividing a part of space, one could obtain a minimum unit of space. Only the Primal Chaos Ancient God "Space" could do such a thing.
And now, Fire Execution was compressing all the flames into this extremely small space.
More than an hour later, the flame in that extremely small space finally reached a critical point. No matter how hard Huo Xuan tried, he could not compress the flame in.
"Alright," Huo Xing said to Ji Xuanyuan.
Ji Xuanyuan nodded at the huge eye in the Abyssal Chasm, and that tiny space slowly rose …
In the sky above the pitch-black abyss, there were already over a hundred such tiny spaces. Even though they were very small, even the tip of a hair could contain over a million of these "tiny spaces".
However, because there were too many flames poured into it, it was still very conspicuous. Especially in the darkness, the green light spots were as dazzling as stars.
"Is a concentrated flame really that strong?" Huo Yi asked.
Ji Xuanyuan smiled faintly. "You can try."
"Alright!"
Fire Execution was already very curious. He reached out towards those green light spots in the air and suddenly squeezed them.
Whoosh!
That extremely small space exploded.
Huo Xing focused the flames in that tiny space. This extreme space had already reached its limit. If not for the Primal Chaos Ancient God "Space" personally controlling it, the tiny space would have collapsed long ago.
It did not matter that "Space" was able to achieve a wonderful balance in this tiny space.
The moment the extremely small space exploded, green flames spread out and rushed down from the sky.
After the green flames touched the bottom of the abyss, they once again soared upwards!
This abyss that was big enough to crash into a large state was actually enveloped in flames in an instant!
"The fire is indeed very fierce!" Fire Execution exclaimed as he looked at the raging flames above his head. "But just the flames I poured in shouldn't be this much."
"The entire space exploded with your flames. That space itself became a part of the flames," Ji Xuanyuan explained.
"That tiny bit of space has such power?" Fire Execution exclaimed.
"Yes. The mechanism is very complicated and hard to explain. All you need to know is that all matter in the Primal Chaos is made up of countless tiny spaces. No matter how the Primal Chaos is destroyed or reborn, these tiny spaces will always be here. Ordinary methods cannot use these tiny spaces."
Shinno reached out and touched the flames around him. "The flames are not very strong, but they are very destructive. They are enough to destroy all living beings in a state."
Those flames had already filled up the huge abyss. Such powerful flames could not cause any harm to people like Shinno or Ji Xuanyuan. But if they were placed in a large state, the situation would be different …
As long as a small space exploded, an entire province would be burned to the ground, and millions of living beings would be burned to ashes.
"How many states do we have to burn before the Mother World will react?" Fire Execution asked with a complicated expression.
Human nature was complicated.
Fire Execution was a ruthless character in the You Xiong Clan. Countless people had died at his hands.
But to burn and kill like this was truly too heartless.
"We have calculated that we should burn at least 300 large states," Shinno replied.
After saying that, everyone fell silent again.
The Meta-Spirit Clan's action of killing Di Jun had made them want to rebel.
Some of the plans they had made before seemed reasonable. But when it was time to carry them out, they wanted to retreat.
"Let me go first!"
When everyone was silent, Min Hu took the initiative to stand out.
Among the superpowers, the Minyue Clan was the smallest. At that time, the Minyue Clan was not qualified to be called a superpower at all. The Minyue Clan could develop to its current level only because of the support of the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan.
At this time, Min Hu naturally did not pass on his responsibility.
When the green flame in the abyss disappeared, he flew up and put the "tiny space" into his Sumeru Ring. Then, he teleported out of the abyss. Meanwhile, Ambassador Huo continued to compress the flame into the "tiny space".

Chapter 3348
Before long, Min Hu arrived in the sky above the Ying Sea Continent. He released an Extremely Small Space from his Sumeru Ring.
This Extremely Small Space had almost no weight at all. If a normal person touched it, the Extremely Small Space would pass right through his body. This was because it was so small that it was almost negligible.
That was why Min Hu had to use his spatial abhijna to move this Extremely Small Space.
After the Extremely Small Space was released, it slowly floated in the sky.
As a light breeze blew, the Extremely Small Space, which was a million times smaller than a speck of dust, spiraled in the sky and floated downwards.
The Ying Sea Continent was bright and sunny. It was not as dark as the bottom of the abyss.
That was why even though the Extremely Small Space was radiating light, it was not as bright as the stars.
This object of light floated down from the sky and landed on an island below.
The Ying Sea Continent was almost entirely water. There were only a few huge islands.
On the island below lived a small tribe called the Kun Fox Tribe. The Kun Fox Tribe was one of the more powerful tribes in the Ying Sea Continent. Even if they were to include the tribes in the Sea Continent, they would still be in the top ten. However, in the entire Mother World, they were just a small tribe among small tribes.
For example, the Shennong Tribe could easily send a powerful cultivator to wipe out a small tribe like Youxiong.
However, the Ying Sea Continent was located in a remote location. Furthermore, it did not have any unique products. Thus, it had always been relatively peaceful.
Other than the occasional war between the two tribes underwater, the Ying Sea Continent maintained peace most of the time. Such a scene was rare even in the Mother World.
"Look, what is that …"
One of the Kun Fox Tribe members noticed the light that floated down from the sky.
Many of the Kun Fox Tribe members looked up and revealed a weird look on their faces.
"Is that a star?"
"It is broad daylight …"
"Let's go over and take a look!"
The Kun Fox Tribe members did not realize that danger was approaching. Many of them even chased after the light.
One of the Kun Fox Tribe members was the fastest.
This Kun Fox Tribe member was already in the Absolute Stage. As his body flashed, he was already below the light.
"What a small light! However, the light was so strong that it could be seen clearly even from dozens of miles away. What kind of treasure is this?! "It exclaimed as it stretched out its hand toward the light spot.
The moment it came into contact with this "extremely small space", the extremely small space passed through its hand and directly fell to the ground, sinking deep into the ground.
"How …"
The Kun Fox people were a little confused. Was that dot of light really just a dot of light?
Naturally, it couldn't understand how small the 'tiny space' was. Compared to the tiny 'tiny space', its entire body was like a sieve …
Just as it was feeling strange, a wave of heat came from under its feet.
"Hua!"
Blue flames soared into the sky.
When the members of the Fox and Kun clansmen saw the towering pillar of fire, their faces were filled with terror, and they all turned to flee.
But the speed at which the green flames spread was too fast …
Before they could even turn around, their bodies had already sunk into the green pillar of fire.
Just like what Shinno said, the flames released from an extremely small space were not that strong. This flame could not cause any harm to Chaotic Origin Experts at all. Even Paramita Realm experts could resist against it.
Nevertheless, 99% of the sentient beings in the Mother World could not resist against it …
As the green flames rapidly spread, the members of the Fox and Kun clansmen screamed, roared, and cried. But the majority of them were rapidly burned into ashes.
All the trees and buildings on the island were similarly burned to ashes …
Even that Grand Perfection Kun Fox clansman could only form an enchantment when facing the soaring flames. The enchantment lasted for a few breaths of time before it was burned down.
It attempted to use Great Teleportation to avoid the green flames.
But just as it teleported to a safe location, the green flames had already spread over, enveloping it once again.
It once again used Great Teleportation, yet it was still caught up by the rapidly spreading green flames …
In the end, it teleported to the surface of the sea. Only then did it discover in despair that the green flames had already enveloped the entire Ying Hai Prefecture!
"Hua la!"
It leaped into the sea.
In a short period, the seawater had already started boiling.
But compared to the burning of the green flames, the boiling seawater was much more 'cool'. At least this Kun Fox clansman could easily endure it.
But soon, it discovered that the bottom of the sea was not safe either …
The green flames filled the entire space within the Ying Hai Prefecture. As the flames burned furiously, the seawater was also rapidly evaporated. The sea level was also dropping at a visible rate.
The large tribes at the bottom of the sea started to panic.
They did not know where the flames on the surface of the sea came from. But at the rate that the flames were evaporating, the seawater would disappear in no time. Then, they would end up just like the sentient beings on the island.
But what was happening in front of them was completely out of their expectations.
After all, they could not understand why someone would kill for no reason …
As the flames continued to burn in the sky, the seawater within the Ying Hai Prefecture was completely evaporated.
Min Hu looked down from high up in the sky.
After the seawater was evaporated, a huge amount of salt was seeped out. But as the salt mixed with the charcoal, it formed a boundless land of black salt …
"Feng …"
The flames in the 'Extremely Small Space' finally burned out.
The blazing Ying Hai Prefecture regained its coolness.
Only a small number of sentient beings survived in such a huge prefecture. They were either Paramita Realm experts who had unique Paramita Talismans or Chaotic Origin Realm experts. And the two Daoist Elders seated at the bottom of the sea were the only two Chaotic Origin Realm experts in the Ying Hai Prefecture.
Not long ago, these two Chaotic Origin Realm Daoist Elders were the strongest experts in the two great clans. These two great clans had been fighting for resources in the Ying Hai Prefecture for several tens of thousands of years. And the two of them had always been the main characters in this battle.
How could they have imagined that in a short period of time, the seawater would disappear. Their clansmen would be burned to death. Everything they had was gone.
The two of them were speechless. Their expressions were stiff.
Even though they were Chaotic Origin Realm experts, other than protecting themselves, they were helpless against such a world-destroying technique.
Tens of billions of living beings were filled with deep fear and anger before they died.
Negative emotions were contagious.
A single person could infect a group of people, and a group of people could infect an entire world.
The negative emotions of billions of sentient beings were like an invisible hammer that started shaking the entire Mother World.
"Hu …"

Chapter 3349
The battle between the Taiyi Heavenly Palace and the Jinwu Clan finally came to an end. The remaining Youxiong Tribesmen either died in battle or surrendered under the attack of Donghuang Taiyi.
Strictly speaking, Jinwu did not suffer a heavy loss. The most painful loss was the death of Di Jun.
Most of the elites of Jinwu, including the Hive and Di Jun's guards, survived.
Previously, because Di Jun was still in Phoenix, Ming Shi and the others were still in a dilemma. When they really followed Luo Zheng's order to attack Di Jun, they did not want to kill him.
Therefore, when Luo Zheng ordered them to delay Di Jun, they were easily shaken off by Di Jun. Di Jun also did not hurt them.
Now that Di Jun was dead, the focus of Jinwu had also disappeared. They seemed to have no other choice but to follow Luo Zheng wholeheartedly.
After defeating Di Jun, Donghuang Taiyi's spirit took the initiative to give up Donghuang Taiyi's body.
At this time, Concubine Yan, Gan Gaohan, and the others understood that Donghuang had not truly awakened. Someone else had taken over Donghuang Taiyi's body. However, this person was also Donghuang Taiyi's true body!
"Actually, now that the world is in chaos and Donghuang Taiyi has not returned, Donghuang Taiyi's true body can still stay in Donghuang Taiyi's body," Gan Gaohan suggested.
In Gan Gaohan's eyes, the most important thing now was the safety of the Taiyi Heavenly Palace. If another powerful expert like Di Jun came, how could they deal with it?
At this time, Donghuang Taiyi had already returned to Luo Zheng's Inner World and entered the Instrument of Civilization. Luo Zheng helped Gan Gaohan pass on his words.
In fact, Luo Zheng also felt that Donghuang Taiyi's true body did not need to leave Donghuang Taiyi's body so quickly.
After a while, Luo Zheng said awkwardly, "He refused. He said that if the Heavenly Palace was in danger, he would help again, but he did not want to stay in Donghuang Taiyi's body."
"I heard that the creatures of the Nirvana Realm are reluctant to leave the Chaotic World. Why did Donghuang refuse?" Gan Gaohan asked curiously.
Gan Gaohan had followed Donghuang Taiyi for many years and was not an ignorant person.
Those who were born in the Chaos and entered the Nirvana Realm missed their past in the Chaos. After all, they were born in the vast Chaos World and were eventually trapped in the Nirvana Realm.
Some Nirvana Realm creatures were willing to be carried and become the Nirvana token of others. On one hand, they were forced to do so. On the other hand, they wanted to see the Chaotic World again.
But this Eastern Emperor Tai Yi did not seem to be willing …
"Maybe this feeling is too good, and she's afraid that she can't let it go," Ning Xuyuan said faintly.
As long as the cultivators of the Celestial Palace were still alive, they were all severely injured.
However, at their level of cultivation, as long as they didn't die, as long as they still had a breath of life, their recovery wouldn't be too slow.
By now, Ning Xu Yuan's complexion had become much better.
"That's it. Being locked up in the dark temple for countless years, motionless like a statue, without any interest in life, without any desire to speak, without any desire for greed, without any anxiety in the heart. Tsk tsk, what a boring life. How wonderful it is to be able to descend into this world again and experience it.
That brat Donghuang must have been afraid that he would not be able to bear to leave, so he simply slipped away! "
Hou Yi suddenly appeared and said a long paragraph.
Then, he saw everyone staring at him dumbfoundedly, and said, "I'll slip away too!"
"Whoosh!"
In the blink of an eye, he had already slipped back into the world inside Luo Zheng's body.
"Luo Zheng, what kind of expert is that?" Gan Gaohan asked.
Now, they understood that none of the guys stationed in Luo Zheng's body were simple. Especially the old man who appeared at the end, he even directly talked to Genryū.
"This is Hou Yi. He destroyed Di Jun's sun with his bow and arrow …"
As Luo Zheng spoke, he recounted the story of Hou Yi shooting down the sun.
Gan Gaohan and the others were also amazed. They didn't expect the past of the Human Clan to have such a history.
Li Bianxue was healing people not far away. Naturally, she also heard Luo Zheng's story. A trace of resentment appeared on her delicate and beautiful face.
After this battle, all of her pride had turned into dust.
This young man who was advancing faster than her, relied on his own strength to reverse the entire battle. It could not even be said to be reversed, he completely relied on himself to defeat Jinwu!
Controlling the Golden Crow corpse spirit, controlling the people of Jinwu, shooting down the nine suns, defeating Di Jun...
In contrast, everyone in the Greater One Heavenly Palace was just a supporting role.
As for Li Bianxue herself, the fact that she could follow Qiu Yinhe and contribute to the battle was already a very amazing performance.
"Ka, ka, ka..."
Just as Li Bianxue was thinking this, there was another burst of explosion inside Greater One Mountain.
In the battle between Donghuang and Di Jun, the middle section of Greater One Mountain was already riddled with holes. Coupled with the fact that the middle section was originally a weak point, the mountain was unable to withstand the pressure from above. The inside of the mountain was constantly tearing apart, and began to slowly collapse.
"Greater One Mountain is going to collapse!"
Someone shouted at the top of his lungs.
If the upper part of Greater One Mountain really fell, the Dragon City below would most likely be directly smashed into powder.
Although the Dragon City had been destroyed by the people of the You Xiong tribe, the destruction was not complete. If it directly fell, there would be nothing left.
"Rumble..."
Seeing that the mountain above was constantly tilting to one side, Luo Zheng immediately ordered, "Everyone, block the Greater One Mountain!"
As soon as his voice fell, the people of Jinwu who had received the order disappeared and appeared on the side of the upper part of Greater One Mountain.
"Ka!"
"Ka!"
"Ka!"
Dozens of Jinwu experts, such as Ming Shi, Bai Hu and others, erupted with power that could not be underestimated.
The power of these people combined was enough to block the slide of the upper part of Greater One Mountain!
In addition to them, some of the uninjured experts of the Heavenly Palace also rushed up.
But these people rushed up but did not stop the slide of Greater One Mountain!
Greater One Mountain was really too huge. Compared to the mountain itself, their body size was like a small sharp needle.
When they pushed the mountain wall with their hands and erupted with a huge force, the soft mountain wall simply could not withstand the power of tens of thousands of Shen Jun. Their whole body directly sank into the mountain wall!
When the people of Jinwu discovered this problem, they spread out their wings and tried to increase their contact area with the mountain, but they still sank into the soft mountain wall with their wings...
In this situation, it was easy to let Donghuang Taiyi control Donghuang's body and transform it into the power of the Huangshen.
But Donghuang Taiyi had returned to his inner world, and there was no need to call him out again.
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng's figure flashed and appeared on the side of the mountain.
The body of the Huangshen!

Chapter 3350
Although Luo Zheng's strength wasn't small, he couldn't stop the mountain from sliding down by himself.
The speed of the mountain's slide only slowed down a little.
Li Bianxue also flew up and tried to stop the mountain, but like the others, she sank into it as soon as she released her Heavenly Force.
After coming out of the mountain, she had an idea and said, "Senior Qiu, Heavenly Chasm Sword!"
The Heavenly Chasm Sword's body was huge and sturdy. The Heavenly Chasm Sword could be used!
Qiu Yinhe nodded at the mountainside and chanted. Large halos appeared in the air and the Heavenly Chasm Sword flew out from the halos.
Not long after, the huge Heavenly Chasm Swords stuck to the mountain. Phoenix, Li Bianxue and the others used their strength to stop the Heavenly Chasm Sword.
When Qiu Yinhe used the Heavenly Chasm Sword, he also distributed it evenly.
Under the push of the huge force, the slowly sliding upper half of the mountain finally stopped!
At this time, Gan Gaohan said, "Xu Yuan, lead Qiu Yinhe and the others to set up a formation. Stabilize the mountain first."
Ning Xu Yuan nodded and flew up with Qiu Yinhe and the others. They started to set up formations at the broken parts of the mountain.
It wasn't easy to set up a formation that stabilized a huge mountain.
Although it was only a temporary reinforcement, it still took two hours.
Even Phoenix and the others, who were continuously releasing their Heavenly Force, found it difficult to hold on for two hours. They had to replenish their Nirvana Realm tokens with a certain amount of Divine Crystals.
However, after two hours, Ning Xu Yuan finished setting up the formation with Qiu Yinhe and the others. They finally stabilized the mountain and everyone let out a sigh of relief.
Luo Zheng dispersed his Rage God Body. When he landed again, Gan Gaohan stared at Luo Zheng with a strange gaze.
Regarding Luo Zheng's Rage God Body, the Heavenly Palace had already heard about it.
In fact, even in this era, the Rage God Body wasn't something rare.
The desolate bones had indeed dried up, but it didn't mean that the super forces didn't collect them. The stock of desolate bones was enough for a small number of people to cultivate the Rage God.
However, the problem that the Aragami faced was that they could not enter the Nirvana Realm. If they did not enter the Nirvana Realm, they would not be able to break through the limit of one Jun of strength just by relying on the strength of the Aragami. Hence, the cultivation of the Aragami was almost meaningless. Naturally, no one would cultivate it.
However, Luo Zheng was a little different. Not only did he cultivate the Aragami, but he had also entered the Nirvana Realm. Gan Gaohan then realized another very important problem.
"Luo Zheng has only been in the Heavenly Palace for a short period of time, but he's made rapid progress," Gan Gaohan suddenly said.
Luo Zheng looked at Gan Gaohan strangely, not knowing what he wanted to say, he just said modestly, "Elder Gan is too kind."
Gan Gaohan shook his head, "I know that your physical body can enter the Nirvana Realm, so you naturally have great potential in the future. However, more than a year ago, you were still wandering in the Thirteen Heavens of the Color Realm, which was too far away from the Upper Heavens. I didn't expect you to step into the Desire Realm so quickly.
Is your soul at its limit? "
Luo Zheng nodded.
It wasn't difficult for Luo Zheng to reach the limit of the Indigo Soul. He could even help many people reach the limit of the Indigo Soul.
"Since ancient times, there have been many people who have reached the limit of the Indigo Soul," Gan Gaohan said indifferently, "However, none of them have achieved the Body of Ten Thousand Tribulations. Therefore, the powerhouses after ancient times didn't have the chance to enter the Thirty-third Heaven."
"No one has entered the Thirty-third Heaven after ancient times?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
"Yes, there are two conditions to enter the Thirty-third Heaven. The first is to reach the Divine Soul after reaching the limit of the Indigo Soul. The second is to achieve the Body of Ten Thousand Tribulations. After combining the two, one will enter the Immortal Picture Scroll in the Thirty-second Heaven. Only then will one be qualified to step into the Thirty-third Heaven, Three Pure Heavens!" Gan Gaohan said as his eyes revealed a trace of longing.
A look of yearning.
People like Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and Qiu Yinhe had all reached the Divine Soul Realm. However, because they couldn't cultivate the Body of Ten Thousand Tribulations, they couldn't enter the Immortal Picture Scroll, nor could they go to the Thirty-third Heaven. Their cultivation was forever stuck at the Thirty-second Heaven.
One could see the regret in his actions.
Even Ming Shi, Bai Hu, and the others who were not far away also revealed a trace of helplessness on their faces. It wasn't that they weren't talented enough or that they weren't strong enough. It was completely because of the Nirvana Realm's rules …
"Immortal Picture Scroll?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
"Yes, it's a huge picture scroll that floats above the Thirty-second Heaven. There are all kinds of powerful creatures in the picture scroll. The experts who enter the Immortal Picture Scroll are called the people in the picture scroll. There are also other names, such as the 'Immortal', or the Immortal Realm," Gan Gaohan said with a smile.
"Is Donghuang also considered as one of the people in the picture scroll?" Luo Zheng asked.
Gan Gaohan replied, "Yes, there are two people in our Tai Yi Heavenly Palace who are in the picture scroll. One of them is Donghuang, and the other is Elder Ying. Therefore, the strength of these two Mountain Masters is one level higher than the other five Mountain Masters!"
After experiencing the battle between Tai Yi Heavenly Palace and Jinwu, Luo Zheng had a rough understanding of the situation.
Previously, he felt that the gap between the Mountain Masters and Donghuang was not big, but now it seemed that the gap was not small. The Thirty-second Heaven and the Thirty-third Heaven were only separated by one day, but in fact, they were separated by one realm!
"Your soul and physical body are qualified. I hope that you can quickly enter the Soul City, pass through the land of Calamity Bone, and become another person in the picture scroll," Gan Gaohan said as he looked at Donghuang who was sitting on the ground, "Perhaps, you can go to the Thirty-third Heaven to save Donghuang …"
"I am qualified to become a person in the picture scroll because my physical body can enter the Nirvana Realm. What about Feng Ge whose physical body is also in the Nirvana Realm?" Luo Zheng said as he looked at Feng Ge who was not far away.
Feng Ge's situation was a little special.
Her physical body had not entered the Nirvana Realm, but the physical body of a Pure One.
Gan Gaohan said with a smile, "It may be possible. After all, the test of the Immortal Picture Scroll is in the Nirvana Realm. As long as one passes it, it is possible, but I am not completely sure."
Since ancient times, no one had experienced a situation as strange as Feng Ge's. Even Donghuang himself could not be sure.
"I will definitely become a person in the picture scroll," Feng Ge suddenly said, "I will save Father Emperor!"
Gan Gaohan's wrinkled face revealed a look of love, encouraging, "I believe that His Highness Feng Ge will do it!"
Feng Ge's gaze drifted faintly to Luo Zheng.
She knew in her heart that whether or not he could enter the picture scroll and become a person in the picture scroll was still him.
Under Feng Ge's gaze, Luo Zheng's expression was a little unnatural. He glanced at the stabilized Greater One Mountain and said, "I need to go back to the Heart Flow Sword Sect!"
Although the possibility of the You Xiong clan going to the three major sword sects was not high, Luo Zheng was still concerned. Now that the chaos in the Heavenly Palace had been quelled, it was naturally time to go back.
As his voice faded, Luo Zheng spread out his arms and flew away.

Chapter 3351
The disciples of the Heart Sword Sect also saw the earth-shattering scene.
As long as one was not blind, one could clearly see the sun and the golden formation sword blooming in the sky. And in the area of the Greater One Mountain, one could see the huge figures of Emperor Jun and Donghuang.
If such a colossus were to stomp down, the entire Heart Sword Sect would most likely cease to exist.
Xiaoyin and Little Xin still took turns to walk out of the independent courtyard, inquiring about the news outside.
After realizing that it was more dangerous outside, Ning Yudie made a wise decision to stay in the courtyard and not go out.
Xi Youqin was surprisingly calm in the face of crisis. She only asked a few times when Luo Zheng would return, as if the earth-shattering outside had nothing to do with her.
The courtyard felt the mountain shaking one after another, followed by ear-piercing explosions. At first, the shaking of the mountain was small, but then the mountain began to slide down!
If the huge mountain fell down, the consequences would be unimaginable.
But the disciples of the three major sword sects could all fly. If the top of the Greater One Mountain fell down, they only needed to fly out.
Fortunately, the mountain only continued to slide for a short while before it abruptly stabilized.
Xiaoyin went out again to inquire, and learned that the battle in the Sky Palace had subsided. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief...
After waiting for a while, Luo Zheng descended from the sky above the courtyard. The girls in the courtyard breathed a sigh of relief when they saw Luo Zheng, and their faces lit up with joy.
Although they believed that Luo Zheng would be able to return unscathed, but this time even the Greater One Heavenly Palace had almost been destroyed. In the face of experts like the Jinwu, they could only silently pray for Luo Zheng in their hearts.
Luo Zheng did not let them down, and returned safely.
After Luo Zheng, Ning Yudie, Xi Youqin and the other girls had a small gathering, Xiuzhu quietly came out from the corner and asked in a low voice, "Lord, I wonder if the Evil Deities are safe."
Luo Zheng had corrected Xiuzhu several times, asking her not to call him "Master", but Xiuzhu seemed to be unable to change it.
Speaking of Evil Deities, Luo Zheng slightly frowned.
Seeing Luo Zheng's expression, Xiuzhu's heart sank. Could it be that the Evil Deities had fallen?
She knew that her husband had been refined into a doppelganger, which was equivalent to Luo Zheng's doppelganger puppet. Under such circumstances, no matter how capable the Evil Deities were, it would be difficult for them to betray Luo Zheng. Most likely, they had already perished …
Xiu Zhu had prepared herself mentally and was prepared to receive this answer.
"He escaped," Luo Zheng said helplessly.
"He got away? How is that possible …" Xiuzhu's expression froze.
Luo Zheng shrugged, "He shouldn't have died outside."
Evil Deities being able to escape was purely an accident. Theoretically speaking, Evil Deities should not have disobeyed his orders. It was just that Evil Deities happened to be fighting against a sentient being that could not be killed, Chun Zai. He made use of Luo Zheng's orders to pull apart the distance between them before escaping.
"So, sorry …"
Xiuzhu hurriedly apologized after regaining her senses.
Luo Zheng shook his head, "It's not your fault. It's my own negligence. But I'll find him sooner or later."
In Luo Zheng's opinion, even if Evil Deities had a way to escape, they were ultimately his Dao Refinement doppelganger.
If they met again in the future, the incident in the Chaotic Origin Great World should not happen again. As long as they were close enough, he would not be able to disobey him.
"Then, then can I return to your inner world?" Xiuzhu asked.
Xiuzhu viewed leaving her inner world as a gift from the Lord. Now that Evil Deities had committed a mistake, the gift from the Lord should naturally be retracted.
She knew that Evil Deities was unwilling to accept Luo Zheng in his heart. He would never compromise.
But she thought that the Dao Refinement doppelganger was sufficient to suppress Evil Deities. Who would have thought that he would escape not long after. She felt extremely uneasy.
Luo Zheng glanced at Xiuzhu indifferently before saying, "This time, I'm returning to the Heart Flow Sword Sect because I want to keep Little Die, Youqin, and Ling Yun back into my inner world. If you are not willing to return to your inner world, I will not force you. I can let you go."
Xiuzhu did not have a place to send her soul back in Luo Zheng's inner world. The moment she left, it was impossible to find her.
"But the Mother World has not been peaceful recently. You are traveling alone. The possibility of finding Evil Deities is very small." Luo Zheng added.
Xiuzhu's strength was considered top-notch in Luo Zheng's inner world. But in the Mother World, she was at the bottom. With her talent, it was possible for her to step into the Nirvana Realm. But even so, it would not help her.
Hearing Luo Zheng's words, Xiuzhu was startled for a moment. Her pair of dim eyes suddenly lit up. It was like a dusty gem that saw the light of day again. "Is Lord willing to … let me go?"
"If you are willing, I will not stop you." Luo Zheng replied.
"Then I want to leave!" Xiuzhu's face glowed.
She could stay in Luo Zheng's inner world and wait for the return of the Evil Deities, but she was more willing to take the initiative to find them. As for how dangerous it was, she did not care at all.
"But my children are still in Lord's inner world. I wonder if Lord …" Xiuzhu hesitated. Although she loved Evil Deities deeply, she was different from Evil Deities. As a mother, she still cared about her children.
"I will not interfere with the development of the inner world. I believe you also know that." Luo Zheng said.
In most cases, Luo Zheng allowed the inner world to develop. Unless there was an extreme situation like the Evil Deities, he would not interfere.
After getting a reassuring answer from Luo Zheng, Xiuzhu left. Now that the Greater One Heavenly Palace had just recovered from the turmoil, no one would stop her.
"Now that the mother world is in chaos, I have taken Xun and the others into my inner world. You should also take shelter there. Especially Youqin, she needs a stable environment," Luo Zheng said.
Xi Youqin seemed to have changed into a different person recently. She obeyed Luo Zheng's words without any objection.
Hearing that Luo Zheng was going to take Ning Yudie and the others into his inner world, Xiaoyin and Little Xin's expressions suddenly changed.
Over the past few years, as Luo Zheng's status in the Heavenly Palace rose steadily, their status also rose. At least among the servant girls of the Heart Flow Sword Sect, they were the leaders.
Even the disciples of the Heart Flow Sword Sect were polite to them when they saw them. In the past, this kind of thing would have been unimaginable.
The two of them had made up their minds to follow Luo Zheng.
Now that Luo Zheng had withdrawn all his family members, how could they not panic?
"Gongzi Luo, are you not going to return to the Heart Flow Sword Sect?" Xiaoyin boldly asked.
Luo Zheng glanced at Xiaoyin and then realized that he had neglected the two servant girls.
"The Heavenly Palace is not peaceful now. If you two are willing to enter my inner world, you can..."
Luo Zheng was still a little hesitant. After all, they were born in the mother world and were not willing to live in a small inner world.
But before he finished speaking, Xiaoyin and Little Xin answered in unison, "That would be for the best!"

Chapter 3352
For the next few days, the Taiyi Heavenly Palace was cleaning up the war.
Fortunately, Di Jun and the You Xiong Clan only destroyed the Taiyi Mountain and Dragon City, and the Taiyi Palace was the most seriously damaged.
The entire Taiyi Palace was turned into dust, and there was no other choice but to rebuild it.
Three days later, the Taiyi Heavenly Palace waited for Li Shan's reinforcements.
Before the Jinwu launched the attack, the Taiyi Heavenly Palace had seen the determination of the Jinwu, and naturally sent a request for help from Li Shan.
But Li Shan came to the Center Divine Land, and it was a long journey.
But the problem was not the journey. When Li Shan was about to send many leaders, the powerhouses of the Divine Farmer Clan suddenly made things difficult in the north of Li Shan.
When the people of Li Shan appeared, the people of the Divine Farmer Clan quickly retreated.
This repeated several times, and the powerhouses of the Divine Farmer Clan did not choose to make a move, nor did they choose to escape. They kept watching from the north.
Li Shan was very clear that this should be the Divine Farmer Clan's plan to delay Li Shan's reinforcements, but they still saw through it, and there was nothing they could do.
Fuxi had left the mother world because of an important matter, and Goddess Nuwa had been rescuing Donghuang on the other side.
Although there were many powerhouses in Li Shan, they had entered an eventful period, and the powerhouses of Li Shan had to be cautious.
After the powerhouses of the Divine Farmer Clan retreated, they sent more than 60 people to the Taiyi Heavenly Palace.
But at this time, the matter of the Taiyi Heavenly Palace had calmed down, and after hearing about the death of the Demon Emperor Jun, the powerhouses of Li Shan were also surprised.
If Di Jun came to the Center Divine Land in person, no one could take him down unless Goddess Nuwa and Fuxi came personally.
But the Heavenly Palace defeated Di Jun?
Gan Gaohan did not disclose all the details.
What happened to Luo Zheng was simply inconceivable to Gan Gaohan. Even if such a thing was disclosed, it should be Donghuang who told Li Shan, and not Gan Gaohan.
…
The background of the chaos was pitch black.
No matter how strong the light was, it could not illuminate.
Even if thousands of suns were thrown into the chaos, from afar, they would only be dim light spots.
Instead, the clouds of chaos emitted a faint brown light, and from afar, they were huge clouds that were boundless...........
A huge black ship was moving silently in the clouds of chaos.
The Kurofune had always been famous for its whereabouts, and there were very few people in the world who could find the Kurofune.
Compared to the other black ships, this black ship was somewhat special.
The front of the ship was polished with pieces of Seven Star Obsidian, and the sides of the ship were engraved with blurry words, which should be enlarged Sanskrit.
"Phew …"
Just as the black ship rushed out of the chaotic clouds, a huge Eight Trigrams suddenly appeared in front of them.
The black ship's path was blocked, and it stopped abruptly above the chaotic clouds. As the eight trigrams rotated, Fuxi's figure appeared behind it.
"Heavenly Eight Trigrams Rope!"
Fuxi let out a soft shout.
Eight similar Eight Trigrams quickly appeared in all directions of the black ship, firmly imprisoning the black ship within.
In terms of strength, Fuxi was not afraid of anyone in the Origin World!
Even if it was the most mysterious captain!
However, Fuxi had a weakness, which was their slow speed.
Last time, Lei Meng was able to escape from Fuxi because of his speed and doppelgangers.
If Lei Meng was entangled by Fuxi, given his strength, he would be punched to death by Fuxi.
This time, after Fuxi captured the position of the captain, the first thing he did was to trap him so as to prevent the same thing from happening again.
"Shua …"
A strand of black smoke kept transforming, turning into a black hood. Under the hood, one could not see the appearance of the person within.
No one had ever seen the appearance of the captain before.
His existence was like a symbol in the eyes of the crew members of the black ship.
"So Human Emperor has come personally. I wonder what is the matter?" The captain asked indifferently.
"The Ring of Descent of my Chaotic Origin Great World has been snatched away by Lei Meng." Fuxi said with a sullen expression.
The captain's voice remained calm, "Then Sir Human Emperor can go and find that Lei Meng and snatch it back from him."
Fuxi snorted. He extended his hand and tossed upwards.
A spatial ring unfolded, and an enormous bat head slowly fell out from that space.
When that black hood saw the bat head, his body trembled slightly. One of the Ten Great Primal Chaos Beasts, Lei Meng, was actually killed by Fuxi?
"I haven't fought for many years. Some idiots seem to have forgotten about my methods. Daring to snatch food from me? They must be tired of living." Fuxi said as he punched out towards the bat head.
A fist imprint with the shadow of the Eight Trigrams was imprinted on the bat's head.
"Bo!"
Lei Meng's head was instantly smashed into powder.
The Ten Great Primal Chaos Beasts were all famous. They were not any weaker than a 'Origin World'.
But even a powerful existence like Lei Meng was still killed by Fuxi. Fuxi's true strength was indeed frightening.
"Lei Meng took away 12 Rings of Descent. Six of them landed in your hands. Return them to me." Fuxi said directly.
Shinno and Ji Xuanyuan had paid a huge price to invite Lei Meng to help them.
Lei Meng didn't expect to be hunted down endlessly by Fuxi after receiving such a handsome reward!
He had escaped several times in the chaos, but Fuxi had caught him in the end. Before his death, Lei Meng had revealed the whereabouts of the 12 Rings of Descent. Six had been given to Shinno of Lie Shan, and the other six had been taken by the black ship.
After some consideration, Fuxi decided that it was better to look for the black ship.
The boatman was silent for a moment, then said, "Does Your Majesty think a single Heavenly Eight Trigrams Rope can trap me?"
His black ship had roamed the chaos and the motherworld. Even if he had angered many factions, he was still safe. This was because of his terrifying ability to escape.
"It can't trap you, but what about adding a Ring of Prophecy?" Fuxi asked coldly.
The boatman stood on the deck. The man under the hood seemed to have sunk into deep thought again. After a long time, he sighed faintly. He stretched out his hand and three Rings of Descent appeared. "I can return three Rings of Descent to you, but I have a condition. If you agree to it, I will tell you.
If you agree, I'll give you some valuable information. "
When Fuxi saw the three Rings of Descent, he revealed a strange expression.
He originally thought that he would have a fierce battle with the black ship. Who would have thought that the boatman would hand over half of the rings so easily.
"What condition?" Fuxi asked.
"I need those scarlet-gold Chaotic Origin Spirits as an exchange." The boatman said.
"Scarlet-Gold Chaotic Origin Spirits?"
Fuxi was startled for a moment before reacting.
After the mother body of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was killed, Luo Zheng dug out some unique Chaotic Origin Spirits from within.

Chapter 3353
After being reminded by the shipmaster, Fuxi immediately understood what was going on.
He was most likely thinking in the wrong direction. That Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit was not used to strengthen his body. Instead, it was a necessary item for him to descend!
"What if I am not willing to exchange?" Fuxi asked.
There were still 20 Golden Chaotic Origin Spirits in the hands of Luo Yan. According to what he knew, most of them were in the hands of that brat Luo Zheng.
Regardless of whether the Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit was useful or not, Fuxi did not feel the need to agree to the shipmaster's request.
Today, he came here to force the shipmaster to hand over the Ring of Descent and not to trade with him.
"If you are not willing, you will never be able to get the Ring of Descent. At least, that is the case with me …" The shipmaster replied, "It is easy to hide a few tiny Rings of Descent in the vast Primal Chaos."
Fuxi's expression turned cold. At the same time, he revealed a savage look. A terrifying energy was brewing in his body, "It seems the shipmaster does not intend to admit defeat today."
"Admit defeat?" The ship captain smiled faintly and said, "With the Human Emperor's strength, you should indeed be so confident. But has the Human Emperor ever thought that the black ship that comes and goes without a trace in the mother world would be so easily found by the Human Emperor?"
Hearing those words, Fuxi revealed a solemn look. He even scanned his surroundings.
A strand of faintly discernible black aura was spiraling around him. It was just that it was hard for others to detect it due to the black background.
The shipmaster's intention was clear. He knew Fuxi was chasing after the black ship. Hence, he had set up a trap and waited for Fuxi to visit him so that he could discuss the Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit with Fuxi.
"I don't have many Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit Crystals in my hands." Fuxi extended his finger and lightly pinched.
That Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit that Luo Yan gave to Fuxi appeared in his hand.
Seeing this Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit, two golden lights appeared under the shipmaster's cloak. He then asked: "How many do you have?"
"About 20." Fuxi answered.
He only counted the portion in the hands of Luo Yan. Even though he could ask for more from Luo Zheng, Fuxi was not willing to hand over more Golden Chaotic Origin Spirits.
"We want all of them." The shipmaster said.
Fuxi frowned slightly and said coldly, "Captain, you're being too greedy."
"Don't be greedy. Your Li Mountain can get even more," the boatman replied faintly.
The Kurofune also targeted Luo Zheng, but they didn't have time to make a move yet. He was implying something, but he didn't point out Luo Zheng.
"Sure, but you have to tell me what's wrong with the Ring of Descent," Fuxi said calmly.
After killing Lei Meng, Fuxi tried to search the beast's memories.
However, before his death, Lei Meng had used a mystic art to mess up his mind and set up a soul trap.
When Fuxi was searching for the soul, he almost fell into the trap.
"Of course I'll tell you, but everything has to be done under the condition of abiding by the contract …" The ferryman said as he raised his sleeves.
A living token of the Nirvana Realm slowly crawled out from his sleeve. It was a double-headed snake.
The double-headed snake had a gorgeous color. The scales on its body were divided into two layers. The left head was red, and the right head was blue. After crawling out, the double-headed snake kept flicking its tongue.
"The Binding Contract Twin Snake?" Fuxi's expression changed slightly when he saw the double-headed snake.
"If the Human Emperor returns to Li Mountain, I really can't do anything to you. In order for the Human Emperor to keep his promise, please choose the snake!" The ferryman said.
The Binding Contract Twin Snake was a Nirvana token in the Thirty-three Layers of Heaven. It was also a snake with strange habits, but its abilities were abnormally strong.
In the Thirty-three Layers of Sanqing Heaven, it often appeared in desperate situations.
Once, Fuxi was chased by the Heart Bees in the Sanqing Heaven's Wasp Pool and was forced into a desperate situation. At the end of the Wasp Pool, he encountered a Binding Contract Twin Snake. The Binding Contract Twin Snake spoke human language and asked him to complete a task. If he agreed, it would help Fuxi escape.
In such a situation, Fuxi had no choice but to agree in order to survive!
When Fuxi agreed, the Binding Contract Twin Snake really did help him find a way to escape.
Later, in order to keep his promise, Fuxi spent five to six thousand years at the edge of the Sanqing Heaven to complete the contract with the snake.
As for why it appeared on time, no one could figure it out.
However, it was miraculously able to do so!
Some people treated it as a lucky charm, while others saw it as a devil. After all, it was very difficult to complete the contract with the snake, and the consequences of violating it were even worse.
People who had been to the Sanqing Heaven had more or less seen and heard of such a miraculous creature.
However, no one had ever fused it into a Nirvana token, carried it in their body, and descended into the Chaotic World!
The snake suddenly twisted its body and said in red, "The Binding Contract is the Poison of Life and Death. The contract is also the Poison of Life and Death. As long as you keep your promise, the poison will be dissolved immediately!"
"It's all the same!"
Fuxi's figure flashed and appeared on the deck. He reached out his hand toward the Binding Contract Twin Snake.
"Whoosh!"
That red snake bit down on Fuxi's arm at lightning speed. It did not bite through Fuxi's arm. Instead, it left a unique mark on it.
At the same time, the blue snake bit down on the arm of the boatswain.
The Binding Contract was effective at the same time. It was effective not only on Fuxi, but also on the boatswain.
After the double-headed snake bit each of them, the boatman pushed the three Descending Rings to Fuxi and said, "These Descending Rings can indeed bring the creatures of the Nirvana Realm down, but they can't avoid the punishment of the truth. I've tried a few times, but every time the creatures that came down were directly punished by the truth.
The Nirvana Realm beings will be erased … "
The boatswain told Fuxi the results of using the Descending Rings in detail.
After Fuxi finished listening, he was enlightened. If he was the boatswain, he would also attribute the problem to the Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit. This judgment was not wrong …
However, just as Fuxi was enlightened, he suddenly realized something was amiss. His expression changed abruptly.
It wasn't a secret that Luo Zheng took away the Chaotic Origin Spirit. The You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan must know about it too.
If Ji Xuanyuan and the others targeted the Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit, wouldn't the Celestial Palace and Luo Zheng be in trouble?
"I implore Black Ship to send someone to Li Mountain. Li Mountain will naturally hand over those Golden Chaotic Origin Spirits. The few of us will take our leave first!" Fuxi cupped his hands before executing Great Teleportation and left the Chaotic Origin Spirit.
After Fuxi left, the boatswain said, "It's true that you have thought it through in a hurry. But the Celestial Palace should have been destroyed right?"
During the period when Fuxi was chasing after Black Ship, Black Ship was observing the Celestial Palace.
He knew the movements of the Celestial Palace and Jinwu like the back of his hand.

Chapter 3354
On the fifth day after the Heavenly Palace stabilized, Luo Zheng sank into the Inner World.
As soon as he formed his Inner Incarnation, he saw a huge circular leaf in the distant sky. The leaf was constantly rotating in the sky, emitting a pale green light.
Luo Zheng looked curious. In a flash, he came to the side of the leaf.
On the top of the leaf, some humans were busy. They lowered their heads and constantly engraved strange magic formations on the leaf.
These people came from the Human Race's Instrument of Civilization, which was also the Human Race in the 77th Wheel of Chaos.
After Luo Zheng opened up a separate continent for them, they kept building things in Luo Zheng's Inner World.
"What is this leaf?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
One of them glanced at Luo Zheng. Of course, they knew that Luo Zheng was the master of this world.
However, these people had a natural confidence in their eyes. After all, they were not native creatures in Luo Zheng's Inner World. They would not treat Luo Zheng as an omnipotent God.
"This is the Leaf of Charm," one of them answered.
"What's the use of it?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"It can increase the speed of cultivation of all creatures in the world by several times," the man said.
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng could not help but take a few more glances. Of course, he did not expect that the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning had sent these people to repair the Inner World and build many practical things!
Standing on the leaf, he saw a small ball floating not far away. He asked again, "What are those things?"
"That is the Land of Transformation," the man answered again. He did not wait for Luo Zheng to ask and continued to explain, "Any True God can enter the Land of Transformation to cultivate, strengthen their souls, and prepare to break into the Nirvana Realm …"
"Then what are those storms further away …"
Luo Zheng did not expect that the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning and the others had built so many things while he was away!
Of course, Luo Zheng did not know that the Heavenly Primogenitor and the group of people he led had gathered most of the elites in Chaos No. 77. The most suitable cultivation method and the most convenient method were all created by them.
After confirming that Luo Zheng's Inner World was the place of origin, the Primeval Lord of Heaven was indeed very attentive.
As the most talented expert of the Human Race, Yuanshi Tianzun had investigated Luo Zheng's inner world in detail, including the settings of the forbidden areas, the composition of the races, and so on. Then, he summoned Fuxi and the others to discuss and come up with a plan to change it.
Luo Zheng trusted these humans. He had already promised the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi that he would let them do whatever they wanted in his Inner World.
Thus, in a short period of time, the world was constantly being modified!
In addition to the modification of the world, the entire world was being deliberately guided.
Previously, the structure of Luo Zheng's world was very simple. The experts of the entire world were controlled by the Evil Deities. After the Evil Deities left, it was controlled by Xiuzhu and her family. Their purpose was not to make the humans in Luo Zheng's Inner World stronger, but to control the Inner World so that there would not be chaos.
Therefore, sometimes they would even suppress some experts.
After the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning took charge, he deliberately made changes.
They weaved the story of ancient myths and the Gate of Heaven. Only those who had reached the True God Realm could set foot on the Gate of Heaven.
In addition, they deliberately provoked a fight between several major forces. During this period of time, the cultivation atmosphere in the Inner World was extremely rich. In order to become stronger, all the creatures were madly cultivating, and this was the result that the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning wanted.
"Buzz …"
Just as Luo Zheng was learning about the situation, rays of golden light suddenly flashed in the distance. These rays of golden light soared into the sky and pierced the horizon.
"What is that?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"This … I'm not too sure," the man replied.
Luo Zheng could not find the answer, so he could only explore it himself.
His figure flashed and appeared in the place where the golden light was shining. It was actually a golden pillar.
The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning was in the center of these golden pillars. He was looking up at the golden pillars with a satisfied look on his face.
"The True Meaning of Five Years and Five Directions, the True Meaning of Eternal Sword Cloud, the True Meaning of Vanishing Void …" Luo Zheng looked at it and noticed the handwriting on it.
There were a total of fourteen golden pillars, and thirteen True Meanings of Tao were recorded on them. One of the golden pillars was blank.
"Senior Heavenly Lord of the Beginning, why did you inscribe the True Meaning of Tao here?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning replied indifferently, "Naturally, it is for the cultivation of the thousands of creatures in the Land of Beginning. Don't forget, as the Land of Beginning, after they comprehend the True Meaning of Tao, they can also connect to the Nirvana Realm."
The creatures in his Inner World were on the Nirvana Realm with him? Luo Zheng did not consider such a problem.
"This blank golden pillar …"
As soon as Luo Zheng opened his mouth, the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning said, "It is used to inscribe the True Meaning of Three Spirits Creation. However, as you said, Prince Ashoka only imparted the True Meaning of Three Spirits Creation to you. Now, I will not ask Luo Zheng to inscribe it. Everything can wait until you see him."
"Then we can go now," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Luo Zheng had promised the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning before, but because of the war in the Heavenly Palace, it was delayed until now.
The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning's eyes lit up and said, "That's good!"
After Luo Zheng dispersed the incarnation in his Inner World, the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning also summoned toward the scroll.
In the blink of an eye, the spirits of Fuxi, Nvywa, Emperor Jun, Zhurong, Gonggong, and the other masters all appeared beside the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning.
They were all very interested in Prince Ashoka. They wanted to see who this Prince Ashoka was, and who could create another Nirvana Realm in the Abandoned Ashes Land!
Luo Zheng dispersed the incarnation in his Inner World, sat cross-legged, and began to silently prepare the True Meaning of Three Spirits Creation.
"Buzz …"
Not long after, a mysterious True Meaning of Dao lingered around Luo Zheng, and he appeared in another space. This was the Recycle Bin where the "Mountain" had exiled him.
In the distance, a series of unique ruins were connected from end to end, forming a slender "garbage belt".
When Luo Zheng arrived in this space, the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning led Fuxi, Nvywa, and the others to appear above Luo Zheng's head. In an instant, more than thirty heads floated above his head.
Looking at the densely packed heads above his head, Luo Zheng did not know whether to laugh or cry.
The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning and the others did not care about such trifles. They opened their eyes wide and curiously looked at this strange space.
"Everything in the Abandoned Ashes Land should have been destroyed, but these things have been preserved after being exiled. How incredible …" The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning sighed.

Chapter 3355
After walking along this garbage belt for some distance, they saw the dim Ji Deleting Pillar in the distance.
The first time Luo Zheng came here, he was still confused and disoriented. In the end, he was captured by those one-eyed monsters. This time, he was familiar with the place.
"Cha cha cha …"
When Luo Zheng passed by the garbage city formed by the debris, some one-eyed monsters crawled out and stared at Luo Zheng with one of their eyes wide open.
This time, they were no longer hostile to Luo Zheng. However, when Luo Zheng passed by, one-eyed monsters kept jumping out of the ruins to watch Luo Zheng.
"The aura of these creatures is very special," Nuwa said.
After so many Chaos Epochs, all kinds of life forms were born in the Nirvana Realm. Nuwa and the others had seen many.
For example, they had seen unique creatures like the Metal Civilization and the Green Jade Civilization. Generally, no matter how strange the creatures were, they would not be surprised.
These one-eyed monsters were actually "ordinary" in appearance, but the aura they contained was very unique. It was similar to the True Meaning of the Three Spirits Construction that Luo Zheng exuded. However, it seemed to be only a part of it …
"The True Meaning of the Three Spirits Construction is composed of three kinds of energy. It can create things out of nothing at will," Luo Zheng said. "There are three kinds of monsters here. King Ashoka seems to have distributed the three kinds of energy of the True Meaning of the Three Spirits Construction to them."
"Oh?" Nuwa's eyes were full of curiosity.
Among these heroes, Nuwa was the most curious.
This was also the reason why "Nuwa" in the Mother World would tirelessly explore and search for the Nirvana Realm humans.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven was constantly looking at the surrounding environment. His eyes shone with a contemplative light …
After passing through the debris belt, the pocket-sized planet appeared in front of them.
On this pocket-sized planet stood a huge statue. It was the statue of King Ashoka.
"This statue is King Ashoka," Luo Zheng introduced.
More than thirty pairs of eyes stared at the statue of King Ashoka. They all wanted to see what kind of person King Ashoka was. Such a person could not be a nameless person in the human race.
Moreover, as Luo Zheng had said, King Ashoka was very familiar with the Path of the End of the Human Race.
This included what kind of Nirvana Realm token he had in his possession and who was the one who executed it.
Everyone looked at the statue in unison, and the atmosphere suddenly became silent.
"…"
"…"
After a long silence, Luo Zheng took the initiative to ask, "Do you recognize him?"
"I don't know him …"
"I've never seen this person before!"
They shook their heads.
"It doesn't matter. I'll make a conclusion after I see him." Luo Zheng shrugged, leaped lightly from the pocket-sized planet, and flew towards the Pillar of Deleted.
King Ashoka's palace was located between the nodes of Ji Deleting Pillars, so it was not difficult to find it.
After a short while, Luo Zheng arrived at the entrance of the palace. Yi, Nuwa, and the other phantoms floating above his head also retreated back into Luo Zheng's Inner World.
As soon as he arrived, two figures came up to him from the palace. The handsome man and the seductive woman were King Ashoka's two disciples.
King Ashoka led his disciples to explore outside the Chaos for a long time, and these two disciples were the ones who stayed behind.
They were old acquaintances with Luo Zheng.
"Brother Luo Zheng." The handsome man cupped his hands towards Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng also cupped his hands in return, and immediately asked, "May I know if your master, King Ashoka, is in the palace?"
King Ashoka had been exploring outside the Chaos for a long time, and most of the time he was not in the palace, so it was not easy to find him.
"Master happened to be meditating in the palace." The handsome man sized up Luo Zheng, and then asked, "Brother Luo Zheng, did you find out about the Nirvana Human Race?"
The two disciples of King Ashoka grew up in this world, so they only knew about the Nirvana Realm and the Chaos World in their imagination. However, they naturally knew what their master was thinking about.
"Yes." Luo Zheng nodded.
The handsome man showed a hint of joy. Master would be very happy to hear this news.
"I'll go ask Master to come out of seclusion!"
The handsome man turned and left, while the seductive woman invited Luo Zheng into the palace to take a seat.
After waiting for less than ten breaths, a figure appeared beside Luo Zheng, and at the same time, King Ashoka's hearty laughter sounded. "Hahaha, little brother Luo Zheng, you've only left for a short while, and you've already found out about the Nirvana Human Race? Could it be some groundless speculation? "
King Ashoka's face was full of anticipation, but more than that, suspicion.
King Ashoka had already learned about it through Luo Zheng, the Green Jade Spirit, and 9527.
There were always traces of the Nirvana Human Race, but in order to avoid their opponents, they hid very well. At least, civilizations like the Green Jade Civilization, which had been in the top ten, had not found any traces of them.
The possibility of Luo Zheng being able to find the Nirvana Human Race was very slim.
"It's not groundless speculation." Luo Zheng smiled slightly.
King Ashoka stared at Luo Zheng for a while, and the smile on his face gradually turned serious.
He sensed that there were many souls curled up in Luo Zheng's body!
Hum …
Nuwa, Fuxi, Houyi, Dijun, Gonggong, Zhurong …
Many former heroes of the Human Race floated above Luo Zheng's head, and at the end was the Primeval Lord of Heaven.
King Ashoka saw these people appear one by one, somewhat dumbfounded, and stood rooted to the ground.
The others did not speak, but the Primeval Lord of Heaven said, "I heard from Luo Zheng that you are extremely familiar with our Path of the End. You are definitely not a nobody in the Human Race. The three words' King Ashoka 'are not your real name. You … just who are you?"
Thump!
As soon as the Primeval Lord of Heaven finished speaking, King Ashoka fell to his knees in front of Luo Zheng.
This action gave Luo Zheng a great fright.
"Master!" After kowtowing, King Ashoka called out, his expression rather agitated.
King Ashoka's two disciples were also shocked. They had never seen King Ashoka so agitated.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven continued to stare at King Ashoka with an indifferent gaze.
Back then, he had taken in twelve personal disciples. Only these twelve personal disciples would respectfully refer to him as' Master '. Back then, in the Final Battle, some had died, while others had scattered. However, he still remembered the faces of his disciples.
Just who was this …
Seeing the Primeval Lord of Heaven's awkward expression, King Ashoka realized that he had changed his appearance countless years ago.
After thousands of chaos epochs, even his own aura had undergone tremendous changes. It was normal for his master not to recognize him.
He reached out and gently brushed his cheek, using the True Meaning of Three Spirits Construction. His face began to change, finally returning to its original appearance.
"Jiang Shang?"
"Taigong Wang? Why is it this kid … "
"It's actually Jiang Ziya. You're not dead?"

Chapter 3356
In the eyes of Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others, Jiang Ziya was indeed a junior.
In the Final Battle, the entire Human Ancestor Civilization was extremely tragic. The Human Ancestor even sacrificed himself but still failed to stop him.
Jiang Ziya was quite prestigious in the Human Race at that time, but he was not the main character in the Final Battle.
In the chaos, no one noticed his movements.
Who knew that he would be deleted into the Abandoned Land of Ashes in the Mountain Space!
After more than a thousand chaos eras, Jiang Ziya was very excited to see his master again.
"Ziya …"
The Heavenly Lord of Origin was an existence that could see through everything. When he saw his beloved disciple again, he also became excited.
As for Luo Zheng, he twitched his mouth. After all this time, Prince Worriless was the disciple of the Heavenly Lord of Origin.
"How did you get exiled to the Abandoned Land of Ashes?" asked the Heavenly Lord of Origin.
Jiang Ziya's face showed a trace of contemplation. Too much time had passed, so it was very difficult for him to recall the details. After thinking for a while, he opened his mouth and told his master how he got exiled and what he encountered in this space.
Luo Zheng had heard some of it before, but this time, Jiang Ziya described it in more detail.
It turned out that although Jiang Ziya was the disciple of the Heavenly Lord of Origin, his strength was not weaker than Nuwa, Hou Yi, and the others present. In fact, in the 77th chaos, it was he who led many experts to enter the Immortal Realm and become the people present!
Among the twelve disciples of the Heavenly Lord of Origin, Jiang Ziya's position was the most important.
After Jiang Ziya finished talking about the past, including what happened in the Mountain Space, the Heavenly Lord of Origin let out a long sigh and said, "Back then, we tried to gain the advantages of our predecessors and prepared ten plans, but in the end, we failed … Since then, we have been suppressed by Genryū.
However, I didn't expect that in the end, there was still a chance that you could find this place. "
Jiang Ziya was puzzled when he heard his master's sigh. "What do you mean, master?"
The Honoured Lord of the Origin stared at Genryū and said, "For a long time, we were fighting for an exit in the Nirvana Realm. We failed to get the exit, and it is still in the hands of Genryū. That is why we were trapped in the 33 Levels of Heaven.
One of the reasons … "
"Exit? Master, are you saying that there is another exit in the 33rd Heaven?"
Jiang Ziya was also one of those who had been to the 33 Levels of Heaven.
However, when he was in the 33 Layers of Heaven, the human race did not know much about the Nirvana Realm. Therefore, he did not know that there was an exit in the 33 Layers of Heaven.
"Yes." Heavenly Lord Yuanshi's eyes were full of interest. "For so many years, I have made many speculations about the outside of the Chaos, but they are only speculations. If I don't go out in person, I'm afraid everything is just a theory on paper. Ziya, take me to have a look."
"Of course!" Jiang Ziya said.
After he got up, he seemed to have thought of something. Then, he said to Luo Zheng, "Please come with me. I want to help my master and the seniors build their bodies!"
As he spoke, Jiang Ziya stretched out his hand and instantly teleported to another place with Luo Zheng.
Jiang Ziya could control the time and space in the space of Ji Mountain. Naturally, he had the final say here.
Luo Zheng only felt that the path had taken a turn. Then, he saw a small mountain that was dozens of feet high in front of him. This mountain seemed to be part of the ruins. Its surface was wet and sticky, as if it was soil that contained moisture.
"Wuyou … Senior Jiang Ziya, what is this?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
Jiang Ziya smiled and said, "This is Nirvana Clay!"
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes. He did not know what Nirvana Clay was.
However, the eyes of the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning, Nuwa, and the others flashed quietly. Then, they said, "As far as I know, there should be no such thing in the mother world, right?"
In the eyes of Nuwa and the others, everything in the space of Ji Mountain should be directly "deleted" from the mother world. However, Nirvana Clay was a kind of Nirvana token that could help the Nirvana creatures rebuild their bodies. This thing could not be "deleted".
"This thing did not come from the mother world or the Nirvana Realm. I got it from the Xuanliang World!" Jiang Ziya smiled and said.
"You can get things from the Xuanliang World?" Nuwa was surprised.
The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning knew that there was another world outside the Chaos. However, since he had never seen the Xuanliang World, since Jiang Ziya named it outside the Chaos, Nuwa and the others followed suit.
"I was lucky," Jiang Ziya said, "With this Nirvana Clay, I can build your bodies. Although it's just walking in the space of Ji Mountain …"
Then, Jiang Ziya stretched out his hand toward the small hill of Nirvana Clay. With a gentle grab, pieces of soft clay protruded from the small hill of Nirvana Clay. These pieces of clay first turned into a rough human shape and slowly walked down from the hill.
As they walked down, their appearance, hair, and shape were all transformed.
At the moment of transformation, Jiang Ziya also used the Gist of Trueness of Three Spirits Construction to create clothes for these people out of thin air. Layers of clothes wrapped them up to prevent them from being indecent.
The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning and the others were originally attached to Luo Zheng's body. Their spirits appeared through the Nirvana token. As long as Luo Zheng allowed it, the spirits could only leave.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …
Those souls drilled into the bodies made of Nirvana Clay.
Looking at his former masters, seniors, and experts reappearing in front of him, Jiang Ziya's eyes had a hint of uncontrollable excitement.
It was as if he had returned to the 77th Chaos, the world of thousands of galaxies ruled by humans.
After the heroes adapted to their bodies, Jiang Ziya led them to the cave.
The cave itself was not big. Dozens of people walked in order.
Jiang Ziya, the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning, and Nuwa walked in front. Luo Zheng, because he had entered once, was lined up at the back.
Just as Luo Zheng was waiting, the voice of the Spirit of the Green Jade came from the world in his body. "Luo Zheng, Luo Nian wants to see the World of Xuan Liang. Can you let him take a look?"
"Luo Nian?" Luo Zheng was stunned.
After he entrusted Luo Nian to the Spirit of the Green Jade, he did not care much about him.
Now that the Heavenly Palace was attacked and the world was in chaos, he did not intend to let Luo Nian out of the world in his body.
However, it was not an option to keep him in the space of Ji Mountain.
Most importantly, Jiang Ziya had mentioned that the better one's deciphering ability was at deciphering Sanskrit, the easier it would be in the World of Xuan Liang.
Luo Nian could decipher any Sanskrit in seconds. Would he be able to adapt to the World of Xuan Liang quickly?

Chapter 3357
King Ashoka pulled back the ropes that were tied around the cave and used them to tie up Yuanshi Tianzun, Nuwa, and the others.
After tying them up, they entered the World of Xuan Liang.
The moment they entered the World of Xuan Liang, they turned into light spots and spread out. Their bodies and souls all turned into the state of Xuan Liang.
These human heroes had lived as long as Jiang Ziya, and their knowledge was no less than Jiang Ziya's.
But at this moment, they were all rubbing their palms excitedly like children.
"Monkey in front, can you give me a seat and let me have a look?" Hou Yi asked from behind.
The furry monkey turned his head and glared fiercely at Hou Yi. Hou Yi immediately stopped talking.
Among the thirty-nine human heroes, the monkey was one of the strongest. His fighting strength was comparable to Fuxi's. Hou Yi was one of the weakest among the thirty-nine heroes except for restraining Emperor Jun. Hou Yi had been taught a lesson by the monkey before.
Nuwa and Yuanshi Tianzun traveled for a long time in the World of Xuan Liang before reluctantly leaving.
Yuanshi Tianzun's expression was unreadable after reading it. He said faintly, "The information in the World of Xuan Liang is hard to decipher."
"I saw a mountain," Nuwa said.
Nuwa was more talented in Sanskrit than Yuanshi Tianzun.
Yuanshi Tianzun's strength lay in his analysis and deduction of many things. He was not good at deciphering Sanskrit.
"Why didn't I see it?" Fuxi asked.
"I didn't see it either …" Emperor Jun shook his head.
Nuwa was the only one among the first batch of people to enter the World of Xuan Liang.
"As expected of Goddess Nuwa." Jiang Ziya sighed. "Although there is no distance in the Xuan Liang World, the easiest place to find is that mountain. After countless years, I finally recognized the mountain from the starlight. The Nirvana Clay was also obtained from the mountain. I didn't expect Goddess Nuwa to be so powerful.
Goddess Nuwa saw it the first time she entered! "
"I only saw the shadow of the mountain," Nuwa said with a smile.
"That's still very rare," Jiang Ziya said.
Yuanshi Tianzun untied the rope on his body and handed it to the people behind him.
They entered and exited the World of Xuan Liang one after another. It was a small test for them.
Those who were good at deciphering Sanskrit could adapt to the World of Xuan Liang much faster. They could also describe what they saw and felt more accurately.
Those who were not good at deciphering Sanskrit could not adapt to the World of Xuan Liang.
Hou Yi had entered the World of Xuan Liang. he was was a drunk and it took him a while to come to his senses …
Jiang Ziya was a little disappointed when he saw the reactions of the seniors.
All of these heroes were once overlords of a region. In terms of cultivation and natural talent, they weren't inferior to him.
He, Jiang Ziya, had stayed in the Xuanliang World for countless years, but he still couldn't find the way. All he did was dig out some mud from the mountain!
Jiang Ziya. and Jiang Ziya, as long as the World of Xuan Liang was Xuan Xuan..
However, even the most talented Nuwa could only see the shadow of the mountain. She was still far from Jiang Ziya's expectations.
When the last batch entered, Luo Zheng stepped forward and said, "Senior Jiang Ziya, Junior has another person who wishes to enter the World of Xuan Liang."
Jiang Ziya was grateful that Luo Zheng brought his teacher here personally. He asked, "I wonder who Luo Zheng wishes to send into the World of Xuan Liang?"
"This person is my son." Luo Zheng said.
Jiang Ziya smiled, "If you want to see something new, it's not a problem. Please!"
Within Luo Zheng's inner world, Luo Nian was already prepared.
After the Spirit of Green Jade saw the World of Xuan Liang, he had an idea. He and 9527 both judged that Luo Nian was suitable to enter the World of Xuan Liang. The reason was that Luo Nian had the ability to decipher Sanskrit.
If not for the fact that Luo Zheng was busy after returning to the Chaotic Origin Great World, the Spirit of Green Jade would have urged Luo Zheng to enter the World of Xuan Liang again.
After the Spirit of Green Jade described the World of Xuan Liang, Luo Nian became interested.
Luo Nian only felt a strong gravitational force acting on his body. His body spun and appeared in a small cave.
"Father, Grandpa Primeval, Big Sister Nuwa, Brother Monkey …"
The moment Luo Nian came out, he greeted the Human Race Heroes.
"What are you calling out for?" Luo Zheng frowned.
It was fine if he called Heavenly Lord Primeval Origin grandfather, but he actually called Nuwa Big Sister. This seniority was really messed up.
"How am I calling out for? In father's inner world, that's how I address you. "Luo Nian shrugged.
After this group of 'outsiders' came to his inner world, Luo Nian became more familiar with them. He could even chat with Sun Wukong who kept away from strangers …
"We are old monsters who have lived for so many years. Why would we talk about seniority?" Nuwa smiled faintly.
"That's right. Ordinary mortals can't live past 100 years old. That's why we talk about seniority …" Luo Nian said with dissatisfaction.
"Then should I call you father?" Luo Zheng asked back.
Luo Nian curled his lips. He was powerless to retort. Only then did he focus his attention outside the cave.
"So this is the World of Mysticism that Master described? It's pretty interesting, isn't it? "Luo Nian looked at the floating specks of light.
Jiang Ziya handed the rope to Luo Nian and said, "This world is very strange. You'll understand once you enter."
Luo Nian tied the rope round and round, then jumped out of the cave.
"Buzz …"
His entire body turned into countless specks of light, quickly dispersing into the distance.
For those who entered the World of Mysticism for the first time, it was impossible to locate themselves.
They didn't know where they were. Their sense of distance, direction, time, eyesight, and so on had changed. They couldn't find the cave to return to the primal chaos, so they needed to tie a rope around their bodies.
"Those specks of light …"
In Luo Zheng's eyes, the specks of light were meaningless.
But in Luo Nian's eyes, he only needed to glance at them to understand their meaning.
"Those specks of light, they're a mountain …"
"How interesting. I can land on this mountain!"
The mountain itself was composed of specks of light. For Nuwa to be able to see it clearly the first time she entered was already an amazing talent. But Luo Nian had taken a step further and stood directly on the mountain.
After stabilizing himself, Luo Nian observed his surroundings for a while.
The specks of light had a special meaning to each other …
Some specks of light gathered together formed a large rock. Others formed a quagmire. Jiang Ziya had dug out the Nirvana Clay from this quagmire.

Chapter 3358
The aura of this scarlet-gold liquid was very similar to the aura of the Ring of Descent!
Not long ago, Fuxi and Nuwa from the Mother World personally came to ask for it. This item had to be used together with the Ring of Descent. It could allow the Paramita item to descend into the Primal Chaos. It was equivalent to breaking the shackles of Truth!
Actually, Heavenly Sage of Primordial Beginning knew that there would be a blue-gold storm within the Calamity Bone Land. The blue color was the Soul Repelling Water, but nobody knew what the golden liquid was.
But Heavenly Sage of Primordial Beginning had entered the Calamity Bone Land for a very long time. He had long forgotten about the aura of this golden liquid.
Hence, when he saw those golden Spirits of Chaotic Origin in Luo Zheng's hands, he did not associate it with the Calamity Bone Land!
But now that Luo Zheng had entered the Calamity Bone Land, he and Luo Zheng were the first to realize it!
"Senior Heavenly Sage of Primordial Beginning, why is the aura of the golden liquid in this storm similar to that of the Ring of Descent?" Luo Zheng asked.
Heavenly Sage of Primordial Beginning fell into contemplation. This connection was somewhat strange.
This Myriad Tribulation Storm was a huge test to the willpower of the cultivators.
When the Soul Repelling Water and the golden liquid were mixed together, it would create a huge tearing sensation on the body. Heavenly Sage of Primordial Beginning could still remember this pain clearly even after more than a thousand God Epochs.
"If the golden liquid and the Ring of Descent are the same item, then it is used for descending. And the Soul Repelling Water is used to prevent descending …" Luo Zheng analyzed.
Hearing this, Heavenly Sage of Primordial Beginning's eyes brightened. "I understand now. So the Calamity Bone Land is set up in such a ingenious way. This Instant Civilization knows how to make use of the geographical advantage …"
"What geographical advantage?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Just as you said, the Soul Repelling Water is used to prevent descending. And the golden liquid is similar to the Ring of Descent. Both of them have opposite effects. When used together, it would create a Myriad Tribulation Storm that could tear everything apart." Heavenly Sage of Primordial Beginning analyzed.
He had once pondered over it. Why would a mere Soul Repelling Water and the golden liquid have such an effect when mixed together?
[Now, I seem to have understood everything …]
The two liquids in this storm were like two hands. One of them was pulling something towards the Paramita while the other was pulling. Naturally, it produced an unparalleled tearing force!
"I'll enter first!"
The "centipede" only muttered a sentence before stepping on the bone plate and entering the Storm of Myriad Tribulations in the center.
At the same time the centipede entered, the Calamity Bone opposite it made the same choice and entered the Myriad Tribulation Storm from the other side of the storm!
"Da da da da da …"
Inside the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations, there were countless "small water droplets" mixed with blue and gold. When these "small water droplets" hit the body, strange black cracks bloomed. The moment these cracks expanded, they produced a powerful tearing force.
If his physical body had not been cultivated to the extreme, he would have been torn to shreds by the water droplets!
As the centipede continued to move forward, the Calamity Bone in front of it also moved in the same direction, stepping into the center of the Myriad Tribulation Tempest.
The water droplets in the outermost layer of the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations were very small and widely distributed. However, the water droplets were obviously bigger and denser after entering the storm for about ten feet. Looking from the outside, there was a layer every ten feet, and there were exactly twenty layers to the center!
After the centipede drilled into the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations, small rings suddenly appeared on the surface of its body. These rings were tightly linked with each other, greatly increasing the strength of its body!
"Da da da da da …"
The black cracks that bloomed from the water droplets were all blocked by the rings on the surface of the centipede's body.
On the other side, its Calamity Bone was also undergoing the same degree of cleansing. The golden light on the Calamity Bone was left behind little by little by relying on the repeated cleansing.
However, these small water droplets in the outermost layer were no longer effective on the Calamity Bone. Therefore, every time the Calamity Bone opened, the centipede had no choice but to go deeper!
It moved forward with ease and quickly stopped in the sixteenth layer, maintaining a motionless state. Its Calamity Bone also stopped in the sixteenth layer on the other side.
When the Nirvana Shore creatures saw the "centipede" get into position so quickly, their faces were filled with envy.
"It can already easily withstand the sixteenth layer of the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations by relying on its Calamity Bone …"
"I wonder when it can reach this step!"
"My Calamity Bone has just entered the third layer …"
As the Nirvana Shore creatures spoke, they drove the bone plates forward and entered the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations.
After entering the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations, as their Calamity Bones became stronger, it would also affect the strength of their fleshy bodies. Therefore, after their Calamity Bones became stronger, they could also advance step by step.
But the moment they left the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations, their Calamity Bones were still their Calamity Bones, and their true bodies were still their true bodies. Only when they truly cultivated the Body of Ten Thousand Tribulations would the two truly fuse!
After those Nirvana Shore creatures entered, Luo Zheng also drove the bone plate into the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations.
"Da!"
A blue-gold water droplet hit Luo Zheng's right arm first, causing a black crack to erupt. Luo Zheng's body slightly trembled.
The tearing force released by the small water droplet was indeed not weak!
But Luo Zheng had already absorbed the Body Piercing Dipper Jade to the limit, so the strength of his fleshy body was not weak. Furthermore, he had the Spirit of Chaotic Origin protecting his body, so he was not afraid. He drove the bone plate forward.
The Nirvana Shore creatures in the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations were all intentionally or unintentionally looking at Luo Zheng.
For the sake of resisting the small water droplets, they were all circulating their protective divine abilities. They would either form illusory shields or release their golden bodies. On the other hand, Luo Zheng's body did not show any changes.
"This brat is using his fleshy body to resist?"
"He is so aggressive in his first attempt to step into the second level?"
"He will definitely suffer greatly if he continues like this!"
The strength of these water droplets could not be underestimated. If one was careless in the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations, he might lose his life.
Some of the Nirvana Shore creatures even started thinking. If Luo Zheng was heavily injured, they would not mind adding insult to injury. But now that Luo Zheng was contaminated by the Soul Eluding Water, he could not escape!
But just as everyone was pondering, Luo Zheng had already driven the bone plate forward by ten meters, stepping into the third level.
On the other side, Luo Zheng's' Calamity Bone 'was seated on the bone plate. As the small water droplets kept colliding against it, faint golden traces began to appear on the surface of the Calamity Bone.
"Even though the tearing force of these small water droplets is strong, they are ultimately unable to form a large scale. Chaotic Origin Realm experts are best at resisting against such attacks." Luo Zheng muttered.
The Spirit of Chaotic Origin was most afraid of carrying an excessive amount of energy. For instance, the continuous tearing force of the small water droplets could hardly exhaust the Spirit of Chaotic Origin.
Luo Zheng glanced ahead. The edge of his lips curled up slightly. Following that, he did something that left everyone dumbfounded.

Chapter 3359
The tribesman was still focused on fighting against the water droplets. Its muscles flickered with a bronze luster, and its huge body gave it an extraordinarily strong body.
Every time it activated its bloodline talent, the Blood Qi in its body would surge, greatly increasing the toughness of its body!
"Six hours!"
As long as it could hold on for six hours in the tenth layer, it would be able to take its Calamity Bone to another level.
However, this was still a big challenge for it. After all, activating the power of its bloodline for six hours consumed a lot of energy.
However, it had just entered the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations. At this stage, it was still full of energy, so it was naturally a piece of cake.
After it sat down and was about to turn around to size up the new human boy, it suddenly realized that Luo Zheng had appeared beside it.
The tribesman's eyes widened. It stared at Luo Zheng for a long time before it reacted.
"How is this possible …"
It looked as if it had seen a monster. It could not understand how Luo Zheng had appeared beside it in the blink of an eye.
This was within a hundred feet of the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations. The power of the water droplets within the tenth layer was not something an ordinary person could withstand. Even if the body absorbed the Body Dipper Jade and cultivated to the limit, it was still impossible!
This was the boy's first time here. Its Calamity Bone could not withstand even the slightest bit of pressure for him!
"Tap, tap, tap, tap …"
Dense water droplets bloomed on the surface of Luo Zheng's body. Black cracks spread around his body, but he still acted as if there was no one around.
Opposite Luo Zheng, on the other side of the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations, his Calamity Bone was being rapidly refined by the water droplets.
The closer it was to the center of the Storm of Ten Thousand Tribulations, the faster the Calamity Bone was being refined.
The speed of refinement within the tenth layer was more than a hundred times faster than the outermost layer.
As the water droplets madly poured onto the Calamity Bone, the golden color on the surface of Luo Zheng's Calamity Bone was rapidly increasing!
"Huh?"
When Luo Zheng's Calamity Bone shone with a golden light, Luo Zheng felt an extremely solid and stable feeling coming from his body. It was as if his entire body had undergone another sublimation, reinforced by some invisible force.
"Does this feeling come from my Calamity Bone?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows, revealing a hint of surprise.
Luo Zheng was different from the Winged Bull Clan and the other Nirvana Natives. He originally relied on the Spirit of Chaotic Origin to resist against the Myriad Tribulation Storm …
But if an ordinary Chaotic Origin Expert were to step into the Myriad Tribulation Storm, under the baptism of these tiny water droplets, they would rapidly fall into fatigue.
But because Luo Zheng's fleshy body contained a unique True Meaning of Dao, his Chaotic Origin Spirit could continuously recover after being attacked. This allowed Luo Zheng to easily stand within the Myriad Tribulation Storm!
"You, you … How did you deal with those water droplets?" The Echoing Bulls could not help but ask.
"I'll fight with my physical body," Luo Zheng answered.
The coarse face of the Ying Bull Tribe's man twitched, as if he was speechless.
This Ying Bull Tribe was a Nirvana Natives born in the recent Primal Chaos Epochs. They did not have a deep impression of the Human Race. Most of their impression of the Human Race came from the recent years when there were many Human Race Yang Souls appearing in the Nirvana Natives …
But these Human Race Yang Souls were nothing in the eyes of the Ying Bull Tribe even though they had cultivated to the Sacred Soul Realm. The Sacred Soul might be able to fight against the fleshy body, but after he cultivated the Myriad Tribulation Body, the gap between the two would be huge.
But this human who suddenly appeared had a fleshy body. Furthermore, his fleshy body was so strong and his strength was so terrifying that it exceeded the scope of his knowledge!
Just as the Ying Bull Tribe's man was still in shock, Luo Zheng suddenly asked, "It seems the baptism speed in the Tenth Level is still too slow. How long do you need to reach the scarlet-gold color of your Calamity Bone?"
Hearing Luo Zheng complaining about the baptism speed in the Tenth Level, the Ying Bull Tribe's man became speechless once again. He then said, "At least a few months. Every time I wait for the Calamity Bone Land to open, I will stay in the Tenth Level for four and a half hours. Adding up the time spent here and there, it should be about three months!"
The interval between the opening of the Calamity Bone Land was very long. And when the Ying Bull Tribe's man stimulated the bloodline in his body, he could only stay in the Calamity Bone Land for four hours at most. Six hours was his limit.
But after the bloodline energy was exhausted, he would settle for the next best thing. He would stay in the Ninth Level or even the Eighth Level. Only after the remaining time was up would he leave the Calamity Bone Land.
"Three months is too slow …"
Luo Zheng shook his head. The bone plate beneath his feet tilted slightly before moving forward once again.
Just like that, he directly crossed the Tenth Level and entered the Eleventh Level!
The little water droplets on the Eleventh Level became even more violent. The black cracks that bloomed on the surface of Luo Zheng's body became much thicker. The rate at which the Chaotic Origin Spirit became fatigued had doubled. But the baptism speed of the Calamity Bone had increased by several times!
The Ying Bull Tribe's man was naturally clear of the benefits of entering the Eleventh Level. As long as he could withstand the little water droplets on the Eleventh Level, his cultivation speed would increase tremendously.
But given his strength, it was hard for him to stay in the Tenth Level for six hours. It was not bad for him to stay in the Eleventh Level for an incense worth of time.
Hence, before his Calamity Bone improved by a level, he did not plan on entering the Eleventh Level.
This Luo Zheng had just reached the Tenth Level. He had not even stabilized himself before entering the Eleventh Level. Could he do it?
"The power in the Eleventh Level is comparable to the Tenth Level …" The Ying Bull Tribe's man said. Luo Zheng had already stood firmly on the Eleventh Level.
He turned around and glanced at the Ying Bull Tribe's man, asking, "What did you say?"
"No, nothing …" The Ying Bull Tribe's man waved his hand. He felt that his worries were unnecessary.
In the Eleventh Level, the Calamity Bone's cleansing speed increased tremendously. At the same time, the pressure Luo Zheng had to withstand increased by several times. Even so, the rate at which the Chaotic Origin Spirit was depleting was still within the range that Luo Zheng could withstand!
At this moment, the dozen or so Nirvana Realm beings within the Myriad Tribulation Tempest all focused their gazes on Luo Zheng.
"Is there really no mistake?"
"Even if he cultivates some unique divine ability, he can't last for long right?"
"You must know that his Calamity Bone can't provide him with much protection right now!"
Even the 'centipede' who was being cleansed on the Sixteenth Level turned his head. His eyes were filled with bewilderment.
The 'centipede' could reach this step by relying on gradual progress.
The strength of his fleshy body would allow the Calamity Bone to grow stronger rapidly. Conversely, the Calamity Bone would protect him and allow him to advance step by step.
The human brat had rushed to the Eleventh Level in an instant. The Calamity Bone had only been cleansed for a short period of time. It could not provide Luo Zheng with much support.
If the 'centipede' was placed on the Eleventh Level without the protection of the Calamity Bone, this' centipede 'would not be able to withstand it!

Chapter 3360
After the tentacles were cut into pieces of meat, they quickly changed.
The pieces of meat turned into the shape of a pentagram. A crack opened in the center, and an eye appeared in the crack!
They looked like starfish with eyes!
They looked around and quickly locked onto the Primeval Lord of Heaven. They entered the Deleted Space to take back the Heart of Limit that Luo Nian had taken away.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
All the "starfish" swept toward the Primeval Lord of Heaven.
Facing the surging "starfish", the Primeval Lord of Heaven's expression did not change at all. He flew backward, leaving afterimages in the air.
Jiang Ziya looked at the "starfish" chasing after the Primeval Lord of Heaven, and his face turned colder. He reached out his hand and cut the air again.
Behind the Primeval Lord of Heaven, more and more Space Guillotines appeared.
"Swish swish swish …"
After the starfish entered the tens of thousands of Space Guillotines, they were cut again.
The "starfish" that were originally the size of a fist were directly cut into powder!
However, the vitality of these things was so strong that even if they were turned into powder, they could still fly toward the Primeval Lord of Heaven. They looked like dark brown poisonous smoke!
Perhaps they realized that they were too small to cause harm to their opponents, so they evolved into poisonous substances in a short time!
The Primeval Lord of Heaven circled around the Deleted Pillar and passed by Zhurong. At the same time, he said calmly, "Burn them."
"Feng!"
A scorching flame ignited in this space. The poisonous smoke that was chasing after the Primeval Lord of Heaven was burned clean, leaving only the smell of burnt meat and spicy food.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven and the others were also experienced people. This kind of unexpected situation was child's play. However, these tentacle monsters that emerged from the Xuanliang World made them a little vigilant.
"There are other creatures in the Xuanliang World?" the Primeval Lord of Heaven asked.
"Yes." Jiang Ziya nodded.
In a long time, other creatures had raided this place.
This time, it was a kind of "light" life form. The life form itself did not have a physical body, but was a unique light body. Although this light body did not attack Jiang Ziya and the others, after they entered Ji Deleted space, they kept reproducing and multiplying in this space.
Not long after, Ji deleted space was filled with these "light" creatures. It was very difficult to clean them up with normal methods, and Jiang Ziya had to try many different methods before he was able to chase these "light" creatures away.
The second time was these tentacles.
It was not the first time that Jiang Ziya had encountered these tentacles. When he returned from the "mountain" for the first time, he sensed that there was something special in the mountain. However, at that time, Jiang Ziya did not know much about the Xuanliang World, so he could not confirm what it was.
As soon as he returned to the cave, he was entangled by these tentacles.
Fortunately, Jiang Ziya reacted quickly and broke free from those tentacles. If he was pulled into the Xuan Liang World, even someone as strong as Jiang Ziya would not be able to break free.
After that incident, Jiang Ziya didn't dare to enter the Xuan Liang World for a long time.
Later, when Jiang Ziya entered the "mountain" again, he did not see those tentacles again.
Now it seemed that after the tentacles met Jiang Ziya by chance, they should have moved to the grassland that Luo Nian had mentioned, and the Heart of Limit that Luo Nian had accidentally taken away probably belonged to these tentacles.
For them, it was risky to enter the Chaotic World rashly, but in order to retrieve the Heart of Limit, they still went in.
"The Xuan Liang World is not a lifeless world. Although everything in this world is hard to understand, it should be a very lively world," Jiang Ziya deduced.
Heavenly Lord Yuanshi nodded with a gratified look on his face. Among his twelve disciples, Jiang Ziya's character was the most similar to his. Jiang Ziya was good at deduction and layout. When Jiang Ziya was deleted into this space, it seemed that it was destined.
"It seems that hope exists in the Xuan Liang World," the Lord of Heaven said.
"But Jiang Ziya, your exploration progress is too slow. After so many years, you are still worse than a child," Goddess Nuwa said mercilessly.
Luo Nian and Luo Zheng slowly came over. Hearing Goddess Nuwa's words, Luo Nian corrected her, "Goddess Nuwa, I am not a child!"
Goddess Nuwa smiled faintly. In her eyes, Luo Zheng and Luo Nian's bone age was not much different. They were just children.
"Maybe I am not talented enough," Jiang Ziya sighed. When he looked at Luo Nian again, his eyes were shining with hope.
He had been here for so many years, but he could not even cross a river in the Xuan Liang World. This boy was so relaxed. If Luo Nian was given some time, wouldn't he be able to travel freely in the Xuan Liang World?
"Luo Nian, my little friend, you are so talented that you can travel freely in the Xuan Liang World. Are you willing to stay here and help us?" Jiang Ziya asked.
Luo Nian's eyes flashed.
In fact, even if Jiang Ziya did not make such a request, Luo Nian would have applied to his father.
On the one hand, he had long wanted to leave his father's inner world. On the other hand, when he stepped into the Xuan Liang World, he felt an unusual sense of satisfaction in his heart, as if he belonged there.
After experiencing this feeling once, he would not forget it for the rest of his life.
Although Luo Nian also hoped that he would stay here, he would not miss the opportunity to take advantage of others. "I am willing, but I have conditions!"
"Oh? What conditions do you have? "Jiang Ziya smiled faintly.
As long as Luo Nian was willing, everything was negotiable.
Luo Nian thought for a moment, then said, "I also want a palace of similar size, and..."
Luo Nian's requests were not excessive. It was not difficult to use the resources in Jixu's space.
"I agree to all these," Jiang Ziya said without hesitation.
Luo Zheng, who had not spoken, showed a trace of worry. "Although Nian 'er can travel freely in the Xuan Liang World, isn't it too dangerous?"
The monsters in the Xuan Liang World could even rush into Jixu's space. If Nian 'er encountered them in the Xuan Liang World, the consequences would be unimaginable.
"Father!"
Luo Nian's eyebrows were raised like swords.
It was not easy for him to leave. How could he return to Luo Zheng's inner world?
Luo Zheng looked at Luo Nian's determined expression and thought of himself in the past. It would not be so easy to make Luo Nian compromise now. He sighed and said, "I am not a problem, but your mother..."
"Just don't tell my mother. Isn't Jixu's space very safe?" Luo Nian quickly said.
Jiang Ziya also said with a burning face, "I will do my best to ensure Luo Nian's safety. He is really too important!"
Jiang Ziya still had many guesses about the Xuan Liang World!
He even guessed that there might be a similar cave with another world.
Or that there might be another civilization formed by light spots in the Xuan Liang World...

Chapter 3361
Yuanshi Tianzun, Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others all stared at Luo Zheng, waiting for him to make a decision.
There were many reasons for Luo Nian to stay here and help Jiang Ziya. For the greater cause of the human race, for the Path of the End, for …
But Luo Nian was Luo Zheng's son, so it was normal for him to worry about his son's safety.
"I'll tell your mother that you're here to learn," Luo Zheng said.
Hearing his father's answer, Luo Nian's angry face was swept away.
Luo Zheng saw the change in his son's attitude and shook his head slightly, but he still reminded him, "Although I let you enter the World of Xuanliang, you have to know that this is not the inner world I control. When you encounter danger, you can only save yourself …"
Luo Nian could turn the world upside down in his inner world, so the real world was naturally much harsher.
"Nian 'er knows!" Luo Nian's eyes flashed.
Luo Nian was not young now, but he had always lived under his father's glory.
When he was in the Cloud Hall, he had always heard all kinds of legends about Luo Zheng. Later, when he went to the Realm of the Gods, there were more powerful people like Yu Shenfeng and Aunt Hanjiu, but his father seemed to be even more powerful.
When he arrived at the Mother World, he was directly thrown into the Mother World.
Except for when he needed to break through Sanskrit, his father had forgotten about him.
Luo Nian knew that his father had been very busy and had not had a good rest for hundreds of years.
The more this was the case, the more Luo Nian wanted to prove that he was very useful!
It was probably impossible to catch up with his father in terms of cultivation, but traveling in the World of Xuanliang was his strength.
At least these powerful people who seemed to be more powerful than his father were very concerned about the World of Xuanliang.
Most importantly, Luo Nian also liked the feeling of staying in the World of Xuanliang. He wanted to continue exploring that world!
Next, Jiang Ziya asked Luo Zheng, Yuanshi Tianzun, and the others to move into the palace.
He had already shown the World of Xuanliang to them. Apart from that, he still needed to consult Yuanshi Tianzun on how to build the World of Xuanliang.
Over the past so many years, Jiang Ziya had been working hard in this space alone. Now, with someone else's help, of course, Jiang Ziya's pressure was greatly reduced...
After staying in the palace for more than half a day, there was a loud roar from somewhere in Ji Deleted Space. At the same time, there was a bright blue flash.
When the crowd heard the voice, a strange expression appeared on their faces, and they all looked at Jiang Ziya.
Jiang Ziya looked to the north and said, "It's starting again. That Primal Chaos Ancient God seems to be very active recently …"
As he spoke, he gently waved his hand.
The space above him was like a mirror, projecting the scene of the north.
There was a piece of red lava floating in the north. The surface of this lava was constantly bubbling and emitting scorching energy.
"Sky actually deleted such a large space?" Luo Zheng's eyes narrowed.
Jiang Ziya nodded. "It's been like this recently. Are there any fierce battles in the mother world?"
Luo Zheng shook his head blankly.
Although the mother world was fraught with danger, the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods were still involved in the battle. It was unknown why "Sky" was constantly deleting space.
…
Within Dustblood State.
A bright flame bloomed.
Flames shot out from an extremely small space and spread at an incredible speed.
It didn't take long for the flames to fill the entire Dustblood State.
Shinno of Lie Shan watched the flames spread expressionlessly, then turned and left.
The flames would kill most of the living beings in Dustblood State. Shinno was already numb to such a massacre.
Soon, he arrived at the next large state. With a light flick of his finger, another flame bloomed …
Trillions of living beings perished in each large state!
Since the birth of the mother world, it had experienced countless conflicts and battles. The number of living beings that died in several major battles was terrifying!
Among them, the war between the races that broke out at the end of the Middle Ages was the most tragic. Almost all the races in the mother world were involved in that war, and the number of casualties was extremely high!
"Ghost Green" was born after the chaotic war between the clans!
This character formed from the negative emotions of the mother world rose rapidly in a short period of time. At the peak of his fame, he even surpassed the ship captain and became a character that many factions were extremely wary of.
Later, "Qing Gui" turned on them and forced the ship captain to join forces with other super factions to kill Qing Gui.
Qing Gui had been dead for many years, but those who had experienced that pursuit knew Qing Gui's strength like the back of their hands!
He was the devil lurking in the mother world. He was everywhere, waiting for someone to awaken him.
If the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan launched a war that swept across the mother world, they might also awaken the devil. However, using the flames from the Ultimate Space was undoubtedly the most economical method.
After 30 minutes, Shinno appeared in Baiyin State.
Just as he was about to flick the Ultimate Space, the shadow of a condor appeared in front of Shinno.
It was a huge Squall Condor. The Squall Condors were a large clan in Baiyin State.
This clan wasn't very famous in the mother world, but the clan leader of the Squall Condor clan wasn't weak. Although he wasn't a member of the Eternal Realm, he had been traveling in the 32 Levels of Heaven for a long time.
The clan leader of the Squall Condors had once helped Lie Shan in the Nirvana Realm.
"Brother Shinno, why are you setting fire everywhere and burning thousands of innocent creatures?" the Squall Condor asked.
"Mission," Shinno replied concisely.
"Can you let Baiyin State go?" the Squall Condor asked again.
"No," Shinno's eyes flashed with a trace of hesitation. "But you can leave with the Squall Condor clan."
The Astral Wind Condor's golden eyes revealed a sense of loss. "The White Seal Province is the ancestral home of my Astral Wind Condor Clan. How can we give it up so easily? If brother Shennong wants to burn the White Seal Province, please pass through me!"
As a member of the Eternal Realm, Shinno's strength was far above the Squall Condor's. The Squall Condor knew that it was like a mantis trying to stop a chariot, so it was prepared to die.
"Brother Condor, you once helped the Divine Farmer Clan. Please don't make things difficult for me," Shinno said.
The Squall Condor didn't seem to hear him. A Nirvana Realm token spun on its head, then it spread its wings and attacked Shinno …
After a short while, the shadow of a broken-winged condor fell from the sky, and the Ultimate Space with flickering flames fell with it.
As large states were burned down one by one, a wave of restlessness and negative emotions spread in the mother world.
Between living creatures and between races, the slightest friction would draw their swords against each other. Many large and small clans had conflicts and conflicts.
Not long after, the negative emotions reached a limit and then disappeared without a trace.

Chapter 3362
This evil creature was born in one of the human tribes in the Jade Order State.
The Jade Rule State used to belong to the Nine Li Clan. After the Nine Li Clan fell, the Jade Rule State came under the control of the You Xiong Family.
Ninety percent of the living beings in the Jade Rule State were human beings.
After the You Xiong Family took over the Jade Rule State, they carried out an inhumane purge.
Those who were loyal to the Nine Li Clan were purged over and over again by the You Xiong Family. The news and legends about the Nine Li Clan were completely banned.
After a while, the mark of the Nine Li Clan was slowly erased. People in the Jade Rule State had completely sided with the You Xiong Family, or in other words, they recognized themselves as part of the You Xiong Family.
During these days, the temperature of the entire Jade Rule State had skyrocketed. The scorching sun seemed to be wringing the last drop of water out of the earth. The entire state was filled with an uneasy and violent vibe.
In the Ning An City Lord's mansion in the Jade Rule State, a baby was born.
To the Ning An City Lord, Zhou Tai, this was great news. However, the moment the baby was born, Zhou Tai heard a series of shrill screams.
Zhou Tai was worried about the safety of the mother and the baby, so he hurriedly rushed into the delivery room.
After entering inside, the scene that Zhou Tai saw made him feel dizzy and giddy!
His wife was lying in a pool of blood, and the few midwives were decapitated. On the floor of the delivery room was a naked baby.
Zhou Tai paused slightly when he saw the baby.
Judging from the face and the skin color, the baby was indeed a human being. However, there was a pair of short horns on the baby's head, which looked like the horns on the head of a demon.
This newborn baby showed an evil smile to Zhou Tai, waving his blood-stained little hands, as if he was showing off to Zhou Tai. He was telling his father that he killed his wife!
"Impossible!"
"My son doesn't look like this!"
"You … you're not my son!"
Zhou Tai was a talented man in the Jade Rule State. He reached the Nirvana stage in his thirties, and became the Ning An City Lord.
Zhou Tai didn't expect that his wife would encounter such a tragic thing when she was about to give birth!
As soon as Zhou Tai realized what was going on, he pulled out the blade from his waist.
That wasn't his son, but a monster from hell!
"Whoosh!"
A wild blade intent was released, chopping down towards the baby's head.
The power of this blade was over a hundred godly tons!
Not to mention this monster that had just been born, even in the entire Jade Order State, there were not many people who could withstand a single blow from him!
The baby lying on the ground looked at the shadow of the saber and revealed a trace of a smile, appearing extremely evil.
Just as the saber shadow was about to reach the baby, the baby suddenly stretched out his chubby hand.
"Crack!"
He had easily caught the saber in his hand!
Zhou Tai's eyes were wide open, completely filled with incredulity.
Even if this child is a demon, he's just a newborn demon. How can he withstand my attack?
"Squeak!"
Zhou Tai only felt a surge of energy being transmitted from the long saber. The huge long saber was actually bent by the infant!
Zhou Tai's Zhou Tai's heart!!!
He didn't know what was going on with this baby, but Zhou Tai only had one thought in his heart. If this baby was allowed to live, the entire Mother World would not be at peace!
The moment Zhou Tai released the hilt of his long saber, he had already rushed towards the baby.
No matter what, he had to end this Demon's life!
His fist went straight for the baby's head.
The baby's skin was smooth, and he looked cute. However, his aura was so evil that Zhou Tai didn't hold back at all.
Just as Zhou Tai's fist was about an inch away from the infant, an innocent smile appeared on the infant's face. Zhou Tai only felt a sharp pain in his head, followed by a miserable scream. Zhou Tai's head exploded with blood spurting out from his head …
The baby had a faint smile on his face as he slowly crawled out of the delivery room.
Zhou Tai's scream before his death attracted the guards of the City Lord's Mansion.
When the guards arrived, the baby had already crawled out of the delivery room.
While the guards were still perplexed, a mysterious smile appeared on the baby's face.
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
The heads of all the guards exploded. Blood kept flowing out of the City Lord's Mansion.
The death of these guards attracted even more guards, including some of the Nirvana Realm powerhouses in the City Lord's Mansion who had made a name for themselves.
However, no matter who it was, as long as they saw the baby, their heads would explode and they would die!
When the baby crawled out of the City Lord's Mansion, all of the 1,011 people in the City Lord's Mansion were dead.
In front of the City Lord's Mansion, the passersby looked at the baby covered in blood with a strange gaze. The baby smiled at the passersby again.
"Puff puff puff puff puff …"
A day later.
The originally bustling Ning An City was dead silent like a ghost town.
The innocent and romantic baby had already crawled to the city gate of Ning An City.
Just when the baby was about to crawl out of the city gate, a thin figure appeared in front of him. It was Ji Xuanyuan.
The baby instinctively resisted Ji Xuanyuan. An unprecedented seriousness appeared on his innocent little face. His tiny eyebrows furrowed, and an explosion came from Ji Xuanyuan's head.
"Bang!"
Ji Xuanyuan took the hit, but his body didn't move at all. Even his expression didn't change.
The baby's big eyes showed a hint of anger. With his eyebrows tightly knitted, he continued to try to explode Ji Xuanyuan's head.
"Bang bang bang …"
No matter how hard the baby tried, Ji Xuanyuan didn't move. There was even a trace of gentleness in his eyes when he looked at the baby.
Then, Ji Xuanyuan bent down and reached out to take the baby into his arms.
It looked very gentle, but it contained an irresistible power.
"What's your name?" Ji Xuanyuan asked.
Not only was he sure that the baby could answer his question, but there was also a trace of dignity in his tone that couldn't be disobeyed.
A trace of hesitation appeared on the baby's face. He was thinking about the question like an adult.
"Speak," Ji Xuanyuan ordered.
After realizing that he couldn't be perfunctory, the baby stammered for a while before finally answering in a childish voice, "My name is … Gui … Qing …"
"Very good." The corner of Ji Xuanyuan's mouth curled up slightly. This answer didn't surprise him.
In the past, Gui Qing had joined the black ship and was eventually killed by them. However, Gui Qing wouldn't really die. As the embodiment of negative emotions in the mother world, as long as the negative emotions in the mother world accumulated enough, Gui Qing could be reborn infinitely.
"From now on, your name is Ji Gui Qing!"

Chapter 3363
Yuanshi Tianzun didn't give Jiang Ziya any other orders after he understood the whole thing.
What happened in Ji Deleted Space had exceeded the Primeval Lord of Heaven's expectations.
On one hand, he needed time to digest what he saw and heard. On the other hand, the exploration of Xuanliang World was left to Jiang Ziya and Luo Nian. The souls couldn't help much.
As for the Heart of Limit, Luo Zheng also tried to carry it as the most powerful Nirvana token.
Logically speaking, the Heart of Limit was taken from Xuanliang World into Jixu Space and carried by the Trueness of Three Spirits Construction, but it failed in the end.
Luo Zheng and Jiang Ziya couldn't explain why it failed.
After all, Luo Zheng was the first person to carry a Nirvana token in Jixu Space. The problem could be caused by the Trueness of Three Spirits Construction, Jixu Space, or the Heart of Limit itself.
Luo Zheng didn't care about it.
With his current ability, he couldn't use the three Instruments of Civilization to their limits. Even if he carried the Heart of Limit, it would be of limited help to Luo Zheng.
His top priority was to climb to a higher level in the Nirvana Realm.
A few days later, Luo Zheng left Jixu Space with the souls.
The bodies that Jiang Ziya built for Yuanshi Tianzun and the others stood in the palace like statues.
Luo Nian also stayed in Jixu Space, together with the Saintess of Flowing Flower Sect. Luo Zheng's promise to Luo Nian had only been fulfilled. Even so, Luo Zheng still felt uneasy.
He told Ning Yudie that Luo Nian was taken in as a disciple by a human powerhouse and needed to cultivate in seclusion for a while.
If Ning Yudie knew that he lied to her in the future, how would she treat him …
…
After a period of cleaning, Taiyi Heavenly Palace gradually returned to its original appearance.
The damaged Dragon City had been restored to its original appearance, while Taiyi Palace was rebuilt elsewhere.
Because You Xiong Clan broke through the Dragon Cliff, the Dragon Cliff in the southeast was restless. So, Hechi led people to guard the Dragon Cliff again, guarding the southeast of Center God Province.
During this time, the humans in Center God Province were in a state of panic. Some powerful powerhouses chose to move their families to Li Mountain.
In terms of overall strength, Li Mountain was stronger than Greater One Heavenly Palace.
No matter if it was the You Xiong Clan or the Divine Farmer Clan, if they wanted to attack Li Shan, they had to consider their own strength.
In the face of such a migration, the higher-ups of Greater One Heavenly Palace did not stop them.
A fine bird chooses a tree to nest in. They would not force the humans of the Center God Province to stay. On the other hand, even Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and the others wanted to move all the higher-ups of the Greater One Heavenly Palace to Li Mountain for temporary refuge!
Once Old Ying and Donghuang woke up, they would be able to return to the Center God Province safely!
This was the most rational choice, but once all the experts of the Heavenly Palace "escaped" from the Center God Province, it would directly mean the collapse of the Great One Heavenly Palace. After all, the Heavenly Palace was the foundation of the Eastern Sovereign's countless years of hard work, so they didn't dare to make this decision for the Eastern Sovereign!
After a heated discussion, Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, Qiu Yinhe, Lin Zhanting, and the others decided to stay in the Center God Province. After that, Gan Gaohan replaced Emperor Donghuang and issued a decree to the Center God Province.
The situation of the war between the Human Clan and the Jinwu was announced to the public through the decree, and at the same time, Li Mountain would provide assistance at any time. Only then did the panicked people of the Center God Province calm down.
Luo Zheng did not care much about the affairs of the Human Clan. Although he grew up in the Heavenly Palace, he was not the one who established the Heavenly Palace.
According to Feng Ge, she thought she had burned the True Comprehension Chapter when she was dead, so Luo Zheng rewrote it for her.
After Gan Gaohan received the True Comprehension Chapter, he was also very surprised. In this special period, there was no need to hide it, and the True Comprehension Chapter was needed to help the Heavenly Palace.
However, if everyone in the Heavenly Palace knew about the True Comprehension Chapter, it would be spread out in a few days. For example, the You Xiong Clan, the Divine Farmer Clan, and even many other super forces had cultivated the Sword Fate Eternal True Meaning …
Therefore, Gan Gaohan set a special rule. Every person who read the True Comprehension Chapter had the right to recommend it once, and could only recommend it to people they trusted. When they read it, they had to swear on their Inner Demons that they would not leak it. In this way, the True Comprehension Chapter would only circulate in a small area in a short period of time.
It was passed on.
…
On the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's figures appeared again.
After the battle with the Jinwu, the two of them had a clear goal.
If they wanted to enter the 33rd Layer of Heaven, they had to enter the Soul City first, and then the Land of Calamity Bones. The Soul City was located in the Changrong Heaven of the 29th Layer of Heaven. With their Soul Cultivation of the Indigo Soul Stage, entering the 29th Layer of Heaven was not a problem.
Although there were some temples in the Seventeenth Layer of Heaven, they were not very attractive to the two of them.
After passing through the white ring of stars, Luo Zheng and Feng Ge turned into two white rays of light and flew upward …
The Eighteenth Layer of Heaven was a translucent ice field. Some ancient secrets were sealed in thick, solid ice. In the past, many sovereign-level civilizations had set the Eighteenth Layer of Heaven as their habitat. Later, most of the civilizations disappeared in the long river of history. Some were eliminated, and some were banned.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge traversed a considerable distance in the ice field before they found the ring of stars that led to the Nineteenth Layer of Heaven and flew upward again.
The Nineteenth Layer of Heaven …
As soon as they left the ring of stars, the whistling sound of the wind swept past their ears.
In the Nineteenth Layer of Extreme Wind Heaven, hurricanes never stopped. As far as the eye could see, there was boundless yellow sand everywhere.
The ring of stars to the Nineteenth Layer of Heaven was not far away. With Feng Ge leading the way, they found it in less than half an hour.
Near the ring of stars, some human Sun Souls sized up the two of them. They did not know where these Sun Souls came from. Perhaps they were afraid of Feng Ge and Luo Zheng's physical bodies, or perhaps they saw through the two of them. After pointing at them for a while, they hurriedly escaped from the other side.
Just as the two of them were about to step into the ring of stars and enter the Twentieth Layer of Heaven, Luo Zheng stopped in his tracks.
Not long after he entered the mother world, he had obtained a Paramita Key from the cenotaph of the Dao Sword Palace. This Paramita Key could open the temple of the Nineteenth Layer of Heaven.
But now, an ordinary temple was not very attractive to Luo Zheng. The Paramita Key could be given to Chou Xue and the others to explore.
After he understood this, he stepped into the ring of stars with Feng Ge …
The Twentieth Layer of Xiao Mang Heaven …
The Twenty-First Layer of Tai Weng Heaven …
The Twenty-Second Layer of Thoughtless Heaven …
Every Layer of Heaven in the other side had a different scenery.
If it were an ordinary person, every Layer of Heaven would be a great breakthrough.
But for Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, it was just a matter of finding the ring of stars and continuing to ascend.

Chapter 3364
The injury on his left leg was the most serious. The black crack was like a sharp blade that almost cut off half his leg.
But Luo Zheng did not care. He was filled with ecstasy.
'This is truly unfathomable. The Chaotic Origin Spirit can actually split apart infinitely. Oh my god …' Heavenly Venerable Primordial Beginning took in a deep breath.
Heavenly Venerable Primordial Beginning was naturally clear of how powerful this characteristic was.
After the second split, Luo Zheng could withstand a force of more than 100,000 divine jun …
But Heavenly Venerable Primordial Beginning could not determine the true condition to achieve this.
Did it mean that after fusing with the Chaotic Origin Spirit and entering the Myriad Tribulation Storm with his fleshy body, he could cause it to split? Or was the True Intent of Dao in Luo Zheng's fleshy body not just a method to speed up but an indispensable part?
Just as Heavenly Venerable Primordial Beginning was pondering, Luo Zheng had already started healing himself.
This time, the four wounds on his body were more serious. Hence, it took him a longer time to heal.
The moment he finished healing, Luo Zheng excitedly charged into the Myriad Tribulation Storm …
On one hand, he wanted to break through to the Late Stage Chaotic Origin Realm. On the other hand, he had a higher expectation. Could the Chaotic Origin Spirit split apart again?
Hence, after entering the Myriad Tribulation Storm, Luo Zheng began cultivating once again.
Starting from the first level, he gradually returned to the 18th level!
This time, because Luo Zheng's Calamity Bone was getting stronger, his cultivation speed in the Myriad Tribulation Storm was much faster. In just ten days, the Chaotic Origin Spirit in his body rapidly expanded. 1,800 Chaotic Origin Spirit light spots occupied almost every corner of his body.
All the Chaotic Origin Spirits were emitting light. They seemed to have formed a single entity. The interior of Luo Zheng's fleshy body was a complete luminous body.
When Luo Zheng looked into his body, he suddenly discovered a strange phenomenon.
"Senior Heavenly Venerable Primordial Beginning, it seems like a maelstrom has appeared in my body …" Luo Zheng said.
"Maelstrom!" Heavenly Venerable Primordial Beginning's eyes narrowed.
"Right, this maelstrom is similar to the maelstrom in the sun brought out by Emperor Jun! It is also similar to the maelstrom on Senior Dong Huang's golden sword. "Luo Zheng answered.
This type of whirlpool had one thing in common. It looked like the whirlpool was spinning wildly, but in fact, it was just a flat surface. To the creatures in the Chaos, the whirlpool itself did not exist. It was just a form of expression.
The whirlpool in Luo Zheng's body had the same characteristics. The whirlpool rotated slowly, but it was only in a flat shape. The whirlpool itself did not devour anything.
"Oh! Let me have a look! "Yuanshi Tianzun said.
After Luo Zheng agreed, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin used his X-Ray Vision on Luo Zheng's body.
In the midst of the whiteness, he saw a complete vortex.
"How is it? Is it the same kind? "Luo Zheng asked.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven was very thorough in his research on this kind of problem. He should have the most say.
"Yes." The Honoured Lord of the Origin nodded and shook his head at the same time. "But the direction of the whirlpool is opposite!"
This type of whirlpool was called the Descent Whirlpool phenomenon by the Heavenly Lord of the Origin. In essence, all energy came from outside the Primal Chaos. It was just that when the level of energy reached a certain level, the whirlpool would appear.
All the Descent Whirlpools revolved to the left. But Luo Zheng's whirlpool was different. It revolved to the right.
"The direction is opposite …"
Luo Zheng was not foolish. He raised his eyebrows before saying, "It seems this should be related to the characteristics of the Chaotic Origin Spirit. In other words, the energy absorbed by the Chaotic Origin Spirit is actually transmitted to a certain space outside the Primal Chaos?"
"You are very smart." The Heavenly Lord of the Origin nodded in satisfaction, "Actually, Nuwa had mentioned this conjecture a long time ago. After all, it is impossible for the energy absorbed by the Chaotic Origin Spirit to disappear for no reason. But we have never found any evidence in this aspect. This whirlpool in your body is confirmed!
”
"Where is the absorbed energy being transmitted to?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin shrugged, "Our understanding of the Profound Amount World is limited. I'm afraid we won't be able to find out in a short period. I'm afraid we have to rely on you and your son to explore it …"
At this point, even the relatively silent Green Jade Spirit sighed, "I originally thought that Wing King has a thorough understanding of the Paramita. Who would have thought that there are so many secrets hidden within the Primal Chaos. This one is truly impressed, truly impressed!"
As the Green Jade Spirit gradually understood the Human Race civilization, he felt that this civilization was unfathomable. Comparatively, the Green Jade Spirit might be strong, but his understanding of the entire Primal Chaos was far inferior to the Human Race.
"Brother Green Jade is too humble. What we know about the entire Profound Amount World is merely a drop in the ocean. Previously, I also thought that our understanding of the Human Race is second only to the Elemental Spirit Civilization. But compared to the Ji Chou Civilization, we are still inferior." The Heavenly Lord of the Origin replied.
The Ji Chou Civilization could turn light spots into normal images. They could communicate with the sentient beings in the Profound Amount World. This was something the Human Race could not do.
After staying in the 18th layer for a period of time, Luo Zheng relied on the strength of the Spirit of Chaotic Origin to enter the 19th layer and 20th layer!
Given Luo Zheng's previous performance, those Paramita sentient beings were able to maintain their composure when they saw this scene.
From the looks of it, Luo Zheng would likely be able to cultivate the Myriad Tribulation Body during the third opening of the Calamity Bone Land. Like that "centipede" and the Winged Bull Clan members, they were even guessing how many Calamity Bone engravings Luo Zheng had obtained …
At the core of the Myriad Tribulation Storm was a mixture of Soul Elusive Water and golden liquid. It looked like a tornado spiraling around.
Naturally, it was the most intense at the center.
When Luo Zheng was sucked into the "tornado", the Calamity Bone on the other end was also sucked in.
"Zi zi zi …"
Countless black cracks turned into millions of black blades. They were cutting on the surface of Luo Zheng's body. It was the same for the Calamity Bone on the other end.
After Luo Zheng passed through the 18th layer, the entire Calamity Bone had turned scarlet-gold. It was emitting a dense aura. Such a Calamity Bone had fused with Luo Zheng to cultivate the Myriad Tribulation Body. What kind of power could it unleash by relying on the Weapon of Civilization? Luo Zheng was filled with expectations.
But even if Luo Zheng entered the 20th layer, he had to give the Calamity Bone time to refine itself. Luo Zheng could only sit on the bone plate and wait.
As for the Chaotic Origin Spirit that had split twice, there were no signs of it splitting a third time. This made Luo Zheng slightly disappointed.
"Senior Primeval Heavenly Venerable might be able to cultivate the Myriad Tribulation Body in the 20th layer, but how do I obtain the Calamity Bone Engravings?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Sacred Soul Engravings and the Calamity Bone Engravings were related to the Immortal Painting Scroll. Naturally, they were worth his attention.
"Wait until your Calamity Bone reaches the level of Myriad Tribulation Body. Then you'll have the chance." Primeval Heavenly Venerable examined the Calamity Bone on the other end. At the same time, he said, "I don't think it will take long …"

Chapter 3365
These Greater Rats were huge, and their faces were ferocious. Pairs of soybean-sized eyes stared at them.
Seeing the unfriendly gazes of these Greater Rats, Luo Zheng asked, "Brother Zhuo Sheng, I don't see the Ear Rats?"
The Ear Rats entered the Nirvana Realm in the form of Sun Souls, and Luo Zheng had a good relationship with them.
Now that he could not see the Ear Rats, Luo Zheng felt that something was wrong.
"Most Yang Souls won't stop at the 28th Heaven. The Ear Mice will also choose to stay in Chang Rong Heaven and pass the Soul Hall's test. If it weren't for Her Highness Feng Ge and you, I naturally wouldn't have come," Zhuo Sheng replied.
"But these Greater Rats …" Luo Zheng asked hesitantly.
"Brother Luo Zheng, don't worry. These Twilight Rats are under the command of the Ear Rats, so there won't be any problems," Zhuo Sheng said. After that, he stepped into the cave first.
Feng Ge glanced at Luo Zheng, then smiled and said, "Don't be so suspicious. Let's go in too!"
Luo Zheng stood in place for a while, as if he was communicating with something. After a while, his frowning eyebrows relaxed, and he raised his leg to catch up with him. His footsteps also became firm.
The Rat Clan was good at digging underground. The Twilight Rats had lived in the 28th Heaven for several eras.
The underground world of the 28th Heaven was even more complicated than that of the Forbidden Rain City, but the Twilight Rats had obviously become a dominant force in the underground world.
After the three of them entered, one of the Twilight Rats reached out and pressed on the cave wall gently.
"Rumble …"
With a rumbling sound, a huge rock slowly rolled down, sealing the entrance tightly.
Once the entrance was sealed, the inside of the cave darkened.
"Cha!"
As soon as the cave fell into darkness, a few flames were lit.
A few Twilight Rats held torches in their hands, illuminating the surroundings.
"Prince Feng Ge, Brother Luo Zheng, please." Zhuo Sheng reached out toward the cave.
The cave near the surface of the mountain was very wide. The Twilight Rats had even tidied up the ground in the cave, so the path forward was very smooth.
However, after a few dozen miles, the cave became narrower.
Some places only allowed one person to pass.
Although the Twilight Rats were huge in size, they were still as agile as other rats. They could pass through in a flash. Luo Zheng and Feng Ge were naturally slower when they passed through.
After half a day, they had already traveled a distance of a hundred miles underground. After traveling for so long in this cramped and narrow cave, Feng Ge finally asked impatiently, "Zhuo Sheng, why haven't we reached our destination yet?"
"Your Highness Feng Ge, the Forbidden Rain City is huge to begin with. It will naturally take some time for us to traverse more than half of the city to reach the northwestern corner of the city," replied Zhuo Sheng.
"Creak! Don't worry, it won't take long for them to arrive. Why are you in such a hurry? "A Twilight Mouse said coldly.
Zhuo Sheng turned around and glared fiercely at the Twilight Rat. The Twilight Rat lowered its head and said no more.
Feng Ge blinked and quietly looked at Luo Zheng. No matter how slow she was, she could sense that something was wrong at this moment.
Luo Zheng secretly gave Feng Ge a look, indicating that he should keep quiet.
Zhuo Sheng was a member of the Greater One Heavenly Palace and was still in the Heavenly Palace. If he betrayed the Heavenly Palace, he would not be able to leave alive. Therefore, Zhuo Sheng would not do such a thing.
Deducing from this, either this Zhuo Sheng was a fake, or his Yang Soul was being controlled …
As for these Twilight Rats, they might not be related to the Eared Rats.
"Senior Yuanshi Tianzun, I'm afraid something is really wrong now," said Luo Zheng in his mind.
In fact, when they were outside the Forbidden Rain City, Luo Zheng had already sensed it. At that time, he wanted to warn Feng Ge and reject Zhuo Sheng's request. However, the Yuanshi Tianzun told Luo Zheng in his mind to bide his time.
Now that they had been traveling underground for so long, they were probably in trouble. Luo Zheng naturally hoped that the Yuanshi Tianzun would come out and solve the problem.
"Don't worry," said the Yuanshi Tianzun calmly. "This is only the 28th Layer of Heaven. I can handle it."
In the Splitting Heaven Temple, the Yuanshi Tianzun had killed the Moon Fire Slave with a single finger.
At that time, the Moon Fire Slave's strength was suppressed, but the Yuanshi Tianzun's strength was also suppressed. As long as he did not encounter the true experts of the Meta-Spirit Race, the Yuanshi Tianzun still had a way to deal with them.
"Don't listen to the nonsense of these rats. After all, they're just a bunch of animals, hehe." Zhuo Sheng explained and continued to lead the way.
After passing through the narrow section, the road ahead gradually widened.
Not long after, the three of them and the Twilight Rats arrived at a circular cave. The walls of the cave were carefully carved and did not look like a cave at all. It looked more like a magnificent palace.
After Luo Zheng and Feng Ge entered the cave, Zhuo Sheng said, "This is below the Star Ring."
"Can we enter the Star Ring if we go up?" Feng Ge asked.
"Yes." Zhuo Sheng nodded. "Unfortunately, you won't be alive to go up …"
Thump, thump, thump …
There were six tunnels around the circular cave. Green light shone from each of the six tunnels. At the same time, heavy footsteps could be heard. Soon, Moonfire Slaves covered in green flames walked out of the tunnels one after another.
Feng Ge took a step back and leaned against Luo Zheng. She frowned and stared at Zhuo Sheng. "Zhuo Sheng, what's the meaning of this?"
Zhuo Sheng chuckled. "Nothing. Someone wants to take Your Highness's life. I'm just following orders to bring Your Highness here."
As soon as he finished speaking, the Moon Fire Slaves had already entered the cave. The temperature inside the cave was rising continuously.
"Then are you Zhuo Sheng or not?" Luo Zheng asked.
Zhuo Sheng felt that Luo Zheng was very calm. He was puzzled by Luo Zheng's calmness, and even a little uneasy. He answered impatiently, "Whether I'm Zhuo Sheng or not is none of your business."
"I'm just curious. Zhuo Sheng is obviously in the Heavenly Palace. If he betrayed the Heavenly Palace, he won't be able to live. You shouldn't be him," Luo Zheng said indifferently.
"Hehehehe … So what if I'm not?"
The shape of Zhuo Sheng's Sun Soul gradually changed, and his voice became louder. Although his appearance was still unclear, it was obvious that he had changed into another person!
It was someone else's Sun Soul disguised as Zhuo Sheng.
"If you're Zhuo Sheng, I can show mercy. If you're not, then you're dead meat," Luo Zheng replied in a flat tone.
"Is that so? Hehehe … Ask yourself if you can live first! "The man retreated while pointing at Luo Zheng and Feng Ge.
The Moon Fire Slaves, who had been slowly approaching, charged over from different directions.
"Luo Zheng, we can only fight!" Feng Ge said with a serious look.

Chapter 3366
At the bottom of the deep blue sea, there was a gigantic creature drifting about.
Even though most of its body was hidden in the darkness, one could still make out a huge silhouette through the dark sea. It had the shape of a human, but its limbs were tentacles that were hundreds of feet long.
The Enchanted Fishman was an extremely mysterious Nirvana race.
This race had very few people, but they were extremely powerful. They were the most powerful beings in the sea!
The outside world also knew very little about the Enchanted Fishmen. In the records, the Enchanted Fishmen had only broken one of the largest bone cavities a long time ago and launched an attack on the living creatures inside.
Most of the time, they lived in the deepest part of the sea and lived a peaceful life.
The Meta-Spirit Clan had talked to them before. The Wukong Clan had also come, and some other Nirvana races wanted to use the Enchanted Fishman's power to control Fandu Heaven.
Maybe it was a deliberate arrangement by the Creator, or maybe it was a coincidence.
Whether it was the Golden-Winged Birds in the 29th heaven or the Enchanted Fishman in the 31st heaven, they couldn't be controlled by the outside world. In the end, these races chose to give up.
However, Genryū didn't give up completely. Even though the Enchanted Fishman was a powerful existence at the top of the food chain, there were still internal disputes.
Once in a while, the Elemental Spirit Clan would help this Animatronic Fishman named Kudo to the throne, helping him eliminate his opponents and become the king of the Animatronic Fishman Clan.
Even though Quando became the king of the Enchanted Fishmen, the Enchanted Fishman still didn't care about Genryū. However, Quando made a promise to Genryū that it would help the Wukong Clan at a critical moment.
So this time, Quando chose to help.
The Celestial Spear in its hand was given to it by the Wukong Clan. This spear was surging with terrifying power. When it held the spear, it was shocked by the power within.
Quando had been waiting for a long time under the land of calamity bone. It couldn't attack the creatures inside the land of calamity bone.
However, once it left the land of calamity bone, it could attack at will.
In theory, if Luo Zheng couldn't accept the mark of calamity bone, it wouldn't be able to attack Luo Zheng in the sea.
Quando also felt strange about Genryū's order.
Why was Genryū so sure that Luo Zheng would obtain the Calamity Bone Seal?
But as Ku Duo silently watched and waited, Luo Zheng really did obtain the Calamity Bone Engraving. He even directly obtained the ninth Calamity Bone Engraving!
This human …
At this moment, Ku Duo was also shocked.
But since Ku Duo decided to kill Luo Zheng, he wouldn't hold back.
Even with the Body of Myriad Calamity and the nine Calamity Bones, it would still be difficult for him to face a full-powered attack from Ku Duo, not to mention that Ku Duo had this Celestial Spear.
It could amplify one's strength by nine times!
It could unleash a force of 15,000 Godly Jun, and when this Celestial Spear was thrust out, it would be a force of 130,000 Godly Jun!
The strength of over a hundred thousand Shen Jun, what a terrifying strength!
"Phew …"
The huge resistance of the seawater had no effect on Qudo or the Celestial Spear.
The spear in the water was like a bat shuttling through the night, heading straight for Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng, who was at the bottom of the light beam, had no time to dodge.
He attempted to swim upwards a few times, but clearly, it was too late.
'This spear is unimaginably powerful. I'm afraid I can only take it head-on!'
Just as Luo Zheng had this thought, the Celestial Spear had already reached his chest.
"Ka!"
The spear pierced through the surface of Luo Zheng's body, letting out a weird sound.
The Chaotic Origin Spirit in his body flashed with white light, and the maelstrom formed by the fusion of the Chaotic Origin Spirit rotated once …
The Chaotic Origin Spirit that was strengthened by six times had digested the strength of over 100,000 Godly Jun. The remaining strength flowed through Luo Zheng's chest and spread into his body. The Calamity Bone that had fused with Luo Zheng's fleshy body and the nine Calamity Bone Engraving helped him to take on the spear easily!
The Celestial Spear merely pierced through Luo Zheng's chest slightly, piercing through one of his ribs, causing traces of blood to spread out in the sea.
After taking on this spear that could destroy the world, Luo Zheng didn't even suffer a light injury …
When that Devil-Controlled Fishman saw this, it was so shocked that its eyeballs were about to fall out.
Honestly speaking, if this spear had pierced through its body, its tough body would have been easily pierced through. The strength contained within the spear was sufficient to shatter its body into pieces.
Such a terrifying spear …
This human ate it alive?
And he was completely unharmed?
Was this fellow really a human!
The Devil-Controlled Fishman was innately strong. It naturally understood how weak many Paramita Lifeforms were.
And in its eyes, humans were the weakest of all!
But the scene before it had completely subverted its imagination!
"Weng …"
After thrusting out this spear, the spearhead of the Celestial Spear rapidly dimmed.
The Celestial Stone was not compatible with other Paramita Keepsakes. After using it once, it would require a long time to recover. This was also one of the weaknesses of the Celestial Stone. Hence, weapons forged from this stone were usually meant to kill with a single strike.
It was the same for some experts in the Mother World after fusing with this Paramita Keepsakes. If they could not kill the other party in a single strike, they could only flee.
When Ku Duo found that his attack could not cause any harm to Luo Zheng, he fell into fear.
He took the spear and waved the tentacles on his limbs, intending to retreat.
"Crack!"
Luo Zheng grabbed the Celestial Spear with a backhand. He stared into the darkness and asked, "Who are you!"
How could Ku Duo care about Luo Zheng? He just wanted to pull the spear back.
But Luo Zheng, whose physical body had been greatly strengthened, could now exert a considerable amount of the power of the Weapon of Civilization because his physical body could bear it!
"Huff, huff, huff …"
The hand that held the Celestial Spear suddenly snatched it, and the spear completely fell into Luo Zheng's hands.
He stabbed down with a backhand. Then, he slashed!
The strength of more than 50,000 Godly Jun burst out. The faint blue water current formed a fierce tornado.
When the spear slashed down, it was like an indestructible broadsword!
"Puff!"
The tip of the spear slashed down, and the tentacles were directly cut off. Black blood rolled in the sea.
Luo Zheng wanted to chase after it, but Ku Duo was a creature that lived in the sea all year round. His escaping speed in the sea was surprisingly fast. In the blink of an eye, he had disappeared. Below him was only a black sea …
"Most likely he's from the Genryū." Luo Zheng shrugged his shoulders and swam toward the light beam.
Following the light beam back to the space where the Bone of Calamity was, many Paramita creatures looked at Luo Zheng in surprise.

Chapter 3367
The human race's star ring stood at the top of a blood-colored mountain.
The ring of light in the middle of the star ring trembled, and two figures appeared near it.
After Luo Zheng's vision returned to normal, he scanned his surroundings and was slightly stunned.
At the top of the blood-colored mountain was a circular platform. There were seven or eight star rings in the center of the circular platform. Apart from the human race, there were also other races that had ascended to this place. There were dozens of Sun Souls around the circular platform.
These Sun Souls were of different shapes and sizes. There were all kinds of races, but there were no humans.
When they saw Luo Zheng and Feng Ge's physical bodies, their eyes lit up.
"These two … … have physical bodies?"
"How did they do it?"
"That human girl seems to be a Paramita lifeform?"
Feng Ge could clearly see his appearance, so he was naturally identified as a Paramita lifeform.
Luo Zheng ignored these Sun Souls. Instead, he walked to the edge of the circular platform and sized up his surroundings.
The entire Chang Rong Heaven was filled with blood-colored peaks. Each peak was separated by a considerable distance, and below the peaks was a bottomless abyss. At the bottom of the abyss was a flowing red liquid.
"Starting from the 29th Layer of Heaven, the Paramita Realm becomes extremely dangerous," Feng Ge said. "The bottom of Chang Rong Heaven is filled with 'Boiling Blood', which is the red liquid below. Any lifeform that falls into the Boiling Blood will be completely melted."
"But these shouldn't be dangerous, right?" Luo Zheng's gaze had already retracted from the bottom and landed on one side of the peaks. Long plank roads had been built between these peaks. As long as one didn't court death and jump into the Boiling Blood, they would naturally be able to pass through safely.
Moreover, Luo Zheng knew how to fly, so it was naturally easier for him.
"My human friend, the Boiling Blood at the bottom is naturally nothing, but don't forget that there are golden-winged birds in the sky!" A Sun Soul that was ten meters tall approached.
"Golden-winged birds … …"
Luo Zheng raised his head and looked.
He could vaguely see the shadows of giant birds in the sky, but those giant birds were only circling in the deep sky.
"I've checked the information." Feng Ge nodded and said, "The absolute overlords of Chang Rong Heaven are the golden-winged birds. Even the Nirvana Realm beings of the 29th Heaven are prey for those birds, not to mention Yang Souls."
The Yang Soul was much weaker than the physical body. Even if it had entered the Soul City, it would still be weak unless it completely passed the test of the Soul City, formed the Colorless Thought Body, and reached the Saint Soul Realm.
"Right, right, right!"
The ten-meter-tall Yang Soul moved closer and said, "Chang Rong Heaven is too dangerous. We've been staying here all this time in order to wait for an opportunity to go to Soul City. Since the two of you have physical bodies, can you protect us along the way?"
"I'm from the Lion Clan. If the two of you are willing to escort me through, please name your price …"
"…"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng's face showed a trace of curiosity. "Are you trapped here?"
"Yes! Those golden-winged birds are cunning. As long as we're on this round platform, we'll be safe. Once we step onto the long plank road, we'll be targeted by the golden-winged birds, "the Lion Clan member said with a nod.
Beside him, a smaller Yang Soul had already arrived at the edge of the round platform. He quietly took a step toward the plank road and said at the same time, "Friend, if you don't believe me, take a look!"
The Yang Soul had just stood on the plank road for a short while when a gust of wind and clouds surged in the sky. A huge winged shadow rushed down at an unbelievable speed and landed beside the plank road.
Before the golden-winged bird rushed down, the small Yang Soul had already retracted his foot.
"Yo!"
The golden-winged bird let out an angry cry and ferociously bit at the small Yang Soul.
However, just as its head touched the platform, blood-colored lightning sizzled. After the golden-winged bird let out a miserable cry, it hurriedly flapped its wings and retreated. Then, it rushed into the sky, and the air was filled with a burnt smell.
"That's how it is," the small Yang Soul said.
The tall Yang Soul chuckled and said, "Ugly Yan, you teased the golden-winged bird like this. It hates you. When you get on the plank road, it will attack you first."
"Ugly Yan" said indifferently, "In any case, these birds will always be guarding here. At most, I won't go to Soul City for the rest of my life …"
When Luo Zheng heard their conversation, he realized that these people had probably been trapped here for some time.
If Chang Rong Tian had always been like this, theoretically speaking, it was impossible to pass.
He thought for a moment before asking, "That's not right. If those golden-winged birds have always been here, how did the others get to Soul City?"
"We can only wait for an opportunity," Feng Ge said. "I heard that as long as there's a blood fog, the golden-winged birds are unwilling to come down. Taking advantage of the blood fog, everyone can quickly rush to Soul City and be safe!"
"How often does the blood fog come?" Luo Zheng asked.
"We've been here for a long time. In any case, we haven't seen the blood fog," the other Yang Soul replied.
The birth of the blood fog was completely random. Sometimes, the blood fog could cover more than half of Chang Rong Tian. Sometimes, even if the blood fog was born, it could only cover a small area and still could not reach Soul City.
"Then you want us to fight against those strange birds?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Yes!" the small Yang Soul said.
"It's too dangerous." Feng Ge rejected this suggestion. "Those golden-winged birds are the overlords of this place. If they swarm over, you won't be able to resist them!"
Although Feng Ge had a certain level of confidence in Luo Zheng, he did not want him to take risks recklessly.
When the Yang Souls heard Feng Ge's objection, they immediately lost interest and dispersed. Some even chanted illusion-breaking incantations and left the other side.
At this moment, the Primeval Lord of Heaven's voice suddenly sounded in Luo Zheng's mind. "How strange. Chang Rong Tian's blood fog incantation has been lost?"
"Blood fog incantation? What's that? "Luo Zheng asked.
"Heh, looks like Genryū has worked hard these years and washed away many things." The Primeval Lord of Heaven smiled helplessly. "The Large-Winged Golden Condors of Chang Rong Tian are indeed powerful. Even the Heavenly Master is a Large-Winged Golden Condor. This is very rare."
Generally speaking, the creatures of the Dark Domain were much stronger than the creatures of the Light Domain. However, the Large-Winged Golden Condors dominated both the Dark Domain and the Light Domain of Chang Rong Tian. This was indeed very rare.
Fortunately, the Large-Winged Golden Condors were very arrogant!
No matter how hard Genryū tried, he could not rope them in. Although this race was dangerous and cruel, they did not listen to Genryū.
This race that stood at the top of Chang Rong Tian feared the boiling blood that flowed in the Abyss the most. In reality, most of the creatures of the other side in Chang Rong Tian relied on boiling blood to survive.

Chapter 3368
The Paramita Realm was not unchanged. The Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning and the others had not returned for a long time, and some things that used to be easy had already undergone earth-shaking changes.
Luo Zheng was now somewhat hesitant. Should he listen to Feng Ge and wait for the blood fog to appear before leaving, or should he directly barge through it?
If there really was the Blood Fog Curse that the Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning had mentioned, it would be best!
"Senior Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning, I wonder if the Blood Fog Curse is still effective?" Luo Zheng asked doubtfully.
The Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning said indifferently, "Try it and you will naturally know."
This Blood Fog Curse was the same as the Illusion Breaking Curse. It was not difficult. In less than half an hour, Luo Zheng had already grasped it. Then, he walked to the edge of the round platform.
When Feng Ge and the other Yang Souls saw Luo Zheng's actions, they were somewhat confused. They thought that Luo Zheng was going to learn from the short Yang Soul and tease the golden-winged bird.
Then, they heard Luo Zheng mutter something.
As Luo Zheng chanted, the boiling blood in the abyss at the foot of the mountain boiled even more violently, as if some ferocious beast was about to emerge from the boiling blood.
When the boiling blood reached a certain level, wisps of bright red blood fog floated up!
When Feng Ge and the Yang Souls saw this scene, their pupils immediately widened.
"The blood fog has appeared so quickly?"
"No, he can summon the blood fog?"
"I've never heard of such a method …"
The Blood Fog Curse was not a complicated method, but the Meta-Spirit Race had gone through a long period of time to bury this method in history. Of course, there were still a small number of people who had mastered this method, but it was not known to outsiders.
When the Yang Souls saw the blood fog spreading around the plank road, they cheered and rushed into the plank road.
However, the blood fog seemed to be spreading with Luo Zheng as the center. If Luo Zheng did not move forward, the blood fog would not move forward, so the Yang Souls could only stop on the plank road and wait for Luo Zheng to move forward.
"Let's go," Luo Zheng said with a smile.
Feng Ge immediately asked in a low voice, "Was it that old man who did it?"
"Yes!"
Luo Zheng nodded. After he carried the scroll, he gained a lot of inexplicable abilities. As an insider, Feng Ge could naturally tell, so Luo Zheng had nothing to hide.
It was unknown who had built the long plank road, but it was connected to one lonely peak after another.
When the Large-Winged Golden Eagles saw someone walking on the plank road below, they spread their wings and swooped down. However, when they approached the blood mist, they let out disgusted cries and flapped their wings to quickly lift themselves up …
Luo Zheng's group moved on the plank road, and the blood fog moved with them.
About half an hour later, the blood mist that followed Luo Zheng all the way gradually faded. After Luo Zheng recited the Illusion Breaking Spell again, the blood mist became thicker again.
Just like that, they passed through one mountain after another. Suddenly, a huge blood-red mountain appeared in front of them. Compared to it, the surrounding blood-red mountains were just small dots.
At the top of the mountain was a huge platform, and on the platform floated a blurry city.
"That's Soul City?" Luo Zheng looked at the blurry city.
Rather than calling it a city, it was better to call it a mirage …
The entire city was not a real existence at all, but an illusion on the top of the mountain.
"It should be." Feng Ge's eyes were shining. Although she had looked up a lot of information, this was the first time she had seen Soul City.
"But this is just an illusion," Luo Zheng said with a frown.
"That's not an illusion," a Sun Soul behind said.
These Sun Souls were able to smoothly come here all thanks to Luo Zheng. They had nothing to repay Luo Zheng, so they were naturally willing to contribute the information they knew. The Sun Soul continued, "Soul City itself is made up of souls. It is said that after thousands of souls were absorbed into Soul City, it became the current scale.
That's why the city you see is similar to our current Yang Soul Body, hehe … "
"A city formed by Sun Souls is actually so huge …" Luo Zheng's eyes were filled with shock.
Not long after, Luo Zheng led Feng Ge through the tall and slender plank road and reached the top of the huge mountain. The blood mist that had followed Luo Zheng dissipated here.
The gate of Soul City was grayish-brown and extremely huge.
Two huge square pillars sat on both sides. When Luo Zheng walked to the side of the square pillar and looked at it, he heard a "wuwu" sound coming from the pillar.
The square pillar itself was formed by Sun Souls, and the dark brown soul matter inside was constantly floating. At the same time, all kinds of strange faces floated on the surface of the square pillar.
"These Sun Souls are still alive?" Luo Zheng was slightly surprised.
"Of course they are alive, but they will always be a part of the entire Soul City and will never be reincarnated, hehe …" The voice of the Primeval Lord of Heaven floated out.
"It seems that I thought too simply of Soul City," Luo Zheng muttered.
Soul City tested the Sun Soul itself, and only Sun Souls that were at the peak of the Indigo Soul Body were qualified to enter. Soul City opened once every sixty-two hours, and most Sun Souls would leave the other side after arriving here, waiting for the gate to open before entering.
As for the Sun Souls that stayed at the gate of Soul City, most of them were Sun Souls that were still some distance away from the Indigo Soul Body. They either sat cross-legged at the gate of Soul City to cultivate, or thought of ways to collect soul crystals.
"Feng Ge, wait for me here," Luo Zheng said.
Luo Zheng's physical body had come, but his Sun Soul Body was still in the lower heaven. If he wanted to enter Soul City, he naturally had to enter with his Sun Soul Body. Feng Ge had a natural advantage on this point. After all, his physical body was only equivalent to an "armor" in the other side, so he didn't need to go through as much trouble as Luo Zheng. Now, he sent Feng Ge over.
Now that he had arrived, it was time to get his Sun Soul up.
After Feng Ge nodded, he stayed where he was and waited.
Luo Zheng's Sun Soul also took some time to come from the lower heaven. Without the protection of his physical body, even an Indigo Soul Body was relatively weak, not to mention that he still had to pass through the twenty-eighth heaven.
Fortunately, Genryū placed most of his attention on his physical body, so he wasn't strict with the inspection of his Sun Soul. Moreover, it wasn't easy for them to identify Luo Zheng's Sun Soul.
After passing through the twenty-eighth heaven without any mishap, he was once again teleported to the twenty-ninth heaven of Chang Rong Heaven. Using the Blood Mist Curse, Luo Zheng traveled without stopping. It took him more than half a day to finally appear at the gate of Soul City.
The two of them continued to wait in front of the gate of Soul City. After about twenty hours, Sun Souls gradually appeared.
The Liyuan Clan, the Ashwolf Clan, the Minyue Clan, the Human Clan …
There were Sun Souls from all the clans.
The square in front of Soul City, which was originally quiet, also became noisy.

Chapter 3369
Luo Zheng smiled when he heard the Ear Mouse's voice.
Generally, the market price was a million soul elixirs for a soul crystal. These Ear Mice were offering three million soul elixirs, which was already very black-hearted.
However, the Sun Souls who had already arrived at the entrance of Soul City were eager to pass the trial. If they were really a little lacking, they would have no choice but to pay three million soul elixirs. Moreover, the status of the experts who had cultivated to this level was definitely not low, so they could afford to pay so many soul elixirs.
After the bustling at the entrance of Soul City for a while, the gate of Soul City made a "kacha" sound and slowly opened to the side.
At the same time that the door opened, faces appeared on the door formed by the Yang Soul Body, constantly letting out wails of anguish.
When the entire Soul City opened, a vast soul aura was released from within!
Luo Zheng had seen the Yang Soul aura of experts in the Immortal Realm, such as Emperor Donghuang and Emperor Jun. However, even the experts in the Immortal Realm couldn't be compared with the vast aura in front of him.
This Soul City was formed by trillions of souls, and naturally could not be compared.
"The city is open …"
"I hope that this time, I can go one step further!"
"I've been stuck at that step for many years, and I've failed every time …"
As soon as the door opened, many people strode in.
"Let's go in too," Luo Zheng said.
Then, he and Feng Ge followed the other Sun Souls and stepped into Soul City.
After entering Soul City, the omnipresent soul aura wrapped around Luo Zheng. Generally speaking, soul aura could be seen as the release of "consciousness". For example, when someone's killing intent was strong, their soul aura would become very sharp, like a sharp knife.
Weak souls would feel very uncomfortable after feeling the aura that was rich in killing intent. If the soul was too weak, it would even be directly obliterated!
If it was a gentle aura, it could comfort the other party and even have the effect of repairing the soul …
Countless souls were mixed in Soul City, and the aura contained within was incomparably complex. It also had a very complicated effect on Luo Zheng.
It was as if he could hear the emotions of millions of people at the same time. Crying, sadness, rejection, anger, excitement, happiness …
Luo Zheng was like this, and so was Feng Ge.
This kind of 'listening' and not hearing was something that couldn't be discarded. Being in Soul City, one could only accept it. In fact, the test had already begun when the two of them took their first step into Soul City.
It was also because Luo Zheng and Feng Ge had long stepped into the Extreme Indigo Soul Stage. Their Yang Souls were very stable.
Not far away, a Sun Soul was walking through Soul City with ease at first. Soon, that Sun Soul began to stagger. The pressure from the complex spiritual aura gradually increased, causing that Sun Soul to be unable to bear the burden. It tried to cover its ears to avoid this aura, but this action …
It must be futile.
When it reached the limit of its endurance, it let out a shrill scream, as if it had used up the last of its strength to rush out of the Soul City. When its soul power was exhausted, it finally reached the outside of the Soul City and lay on the ground, dying.
Many people in the city noticed this scene, and most of their eyes were filled with pity.
"That guy sure has guts …"
"He hasn't even reached the Extreme Indigo Soul Stage, yet he dares to barge into Soul City. He's simply courting death!"
"Fortunately, he escaped when he couldn't hold on any longer. Otherwise, he would have become a part of Soul City!"
After entering Soul City for a certain distance, pillars appeared in front of them. The pillars were only half the height of a person, and one could climb up with a leap. The Sun Souls walking at the front all rushed to climb up the pillars and sat cross-legged on them.
While Luo Zheng was still sizing them up, Feng Ge said, "These are the Soul Pillars. Let's go up too!"
"Soul Pillars?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"Yes, the test in Soul City is completed on the Soul Pillars. As long as you pass this test, your soul will be cleansed of all dust, become a colorless Thought Body, and enter the Divine Soul Stage," Feng Ge said.
However, Feng Ge only understood this through reading up on information. In fact, she didn't know much about what exactly one would experience on the Soul Pillars.
Luo Zheng nodded. After finding a Soul Pillar, he gently leaped onto it and sat down cross-legged. Feng Ge found a Soul Pillar beside Luo Zheng and sat down.
When they sat down, a number appeared on the Soul Pillars. Feng Ge and Luo Zheng both showed "1", while the Sun Soul on Luo Zheng's right showed 63. On the Soul Pillar below a Sun Soul further away, a number of more than 1,300 appeared.
Luo Zheng was still looking around when Feng Ge said, "This number should be the number of times we entered Soul City. This is our first time entering, so it's naturally one time."
"That person's number is more than 1,300. Doesn't that mean he's entered Soul City more than a thousand times?" Luo Zheng asked.
"That's right." Feng Ge nodded.
After Luo Zheng sat on the Soul Pillar, there was no movement from the Soul Pillar. However, more and more Sun Souls entered Soul City, and some humans also entered in groups.
Among them, six or seven people entered the range of the Soul Pillar and walked towards Feng Ge.
"Your Highness Feng Ge!" Someone called out.
Feng Ge had a physical body in Soul City, just like the other Nirvana Realm creatures, so he was very eye-catching. The disciples of the Heavenly Palace naturally saw him at a glance.
Feng Ge looked at the Sun Soul and asked, "You are?"
"I'm Liu Hen," that person replied.
"I'm Qin Hua," another person also introduced himself.
"I'm Li Bianxue," another woman also said.
These people were all disciples of the Third Floor, and they were quite famous in Tai Yi Heavenly Palace. Feng Ge had naturally seen them before, but he wasn't that familiar with them. After introducing themselves, Feng Ge naturally understood.
Feng Ge smiled and said, "That's a coincidence, I'll break through to the Saint Soul Realm with you all."
Entering Soul City to break through to the Saint Soul Realm was never an easy thing.
Every attempt was an extremely painful test for the soul. Some people would even give up on their own initiative after several attempts, unwilling to take this step for the rest of their lives. Those who could endure hundreds or even thousands of attempts were also extremely tenacious, which was why they were able to persevere.
For people like Feng Ge who entered Soul City for the first time, he was a standard newcomer in the eyes of others.
"Your Highness Feng Ge also needs to work hard," Liu Hen encouraged.
After Li Bianxue introduced herself, she looked at the other soul pillar and asked, "Your Highness Fengge, may I know who this is?"
In fact, Li Bianxue was asking the obvious. After the battle in the Heavenly Palace, Li Bianxue knew that Feng Ge and Luo Zheng had a close relationship. Stepping into the 29th Layer of Heaven together, this person was most likely the abnormally strong Luo Zheng.
"This is Luo Zheng," Feng Ge replied briefly.
After the battle with the Golden Crow, Luo Zheng didn't return to the Land of Sword Grief, but his name was earth-shattering in the Land of Sword Grief.
Before Ru Hechi went to the Dragon Cliff, he only said one sentence in the Land of Sword Grief, "If not for Luo Zheng in my Heavenly Palace, the Human Clan of the Center God Province would have been wiped out."

Chapter 3370
Liu Hen and the other disciples of the Third Floor also looked at Luo Zheng's Sun Soul.
In terms of Yang Soul alone, there was indeed nothing special about Luo Zheng.
After all, those who could enter Soul City were all at the Extreme Indigo Soul level. Liu Hen and Qin Hua had been stuck at the Extreme Indigo Soul level for many years.
Luo Zheng and Feng Ge, who had just climbed to the 29th level of Changrong Heaven, were absolute newcomers.
However, Luo Zheng was too famous in the Heavenly Palace.
In the entire Land of Sword Grief, Li Bianxue was the only one who participated in the Jinwu Dialogue. Li Bianxue was probably just a bystander in the Taiyi Sect.
For example, Liu Hen and Qin Hua could only choose to enter the 12th level and become Divine Generals.
"So it's Sir Luo Zheng!"
"Nice to meet you, nice to meet you!"
Liu Hen, Qin Hua, and a few other disciples of the Third Floor came forward and greeted Luo Zheng.
Luo Zheng nodded slightly at them and said, "This is the first time Feng Ge and I have entered Soul City, so we are very unfamiliar with this place. I hope that seniors can guide us."
"Heh, Sir Luo Zheng is joking. With Sir Luo Zheng's strength, it is not difficult for him to pass the trial," Liu Hen said.
"Not at all …" Luo Zheng shook his head.
While they were talking, the Soul Pillar below Luo Zheng suddenly flickered and began to vibrate slightly.
When Qin Hua saw this, he said, "The Soul Pillar is about to rise. Let's go up too!"
There were many Soul Pillars in Soul City. There were many Soul Pillars behind Luo Zheng that were empty. Qin Hua, Liu Hen, and the others were familiar with this process. With a light leap, they jumped onto a Soul Pillar and sat down cross-legged.
The number on Li Bianxue's Soul Pillar was 17. This meant that this was her seventeenth time in Soul City. Qin Hua's Soul Pillar was 198, and Liu Hen's was 230. The two of them had stayed in Soul City for quite some time.
"Ai, Brother Liu Hen, with that Luo Zheng's strength, wouldn't it be easy for him to pass through Soul City?" Qin Hua secretly asked from the side.
Liu Hen quietly snorted, "As far as I know, the reason why that kid was able to shine in the battle with the Golden Crow was not because of his own strength, but because he had an expert guiding him from behind!"
Liu Hen and Qin Hua, as disciples of the Third Floor of the Sword of Grief, were extremely proud. In the entire Sword of Grief, they only obeyed Li Bianxue.
Now that Luo Zheng had suddenly appeared, it was easy to imagine the difference in their hearts.
Liu Hen was the son of the Lord of Mount Taixiu. His father's death was a huge blow to him. Naturally, he would try his best to find out what had happened to his father. Naturally, he would investigate Luo Zheng's deeds more clearly than the average person.
"I knew it. How could a kid who didn't even pass the Soul City challenge be able to fight against those strong people from Jinwu? The Heavenly Palace has almost made him into a god-like figure. That's too much," Qin Hua suddenly realized.
"Heh, it's his first time on the Soul Pillar. It seems that he doesn't even know what kind of test he's about to face. Let's watch him make a fool of himself later," Liu Hen sneered.
At this moment, the Soul Pillar below everyone shook again, and then began to slowly rise from the ground.
The Soul Pillar that Luo Zheng was sitting on also rose. One zhang, two zhang, three zhang …
Just as the Soul Pillar rose, a brown cloud above the Soul City pressed down. That cloud seemed to be a mixture of many souls. Countless distorted faces struggled and howled in the cloud.
The soul cloud went down, and the Soul Pillar went up. As Luo Zheng continued to get closer to the cloud, the pressure of the soul became stronger and stronger!
"Is this the Soul City's test?" Luo Zheng said with a frown.
If it was simply to deal with the pressure of the soul, then it would be enough to strengthen one's own Yang Soul.
Since Luo Zheng began to cultivate his soul, there had been no changes until now.
However, the reality was not so. After reaching the Ultimate Indigo Soul, everyone's soul had really reached a limit. Even if they replenished their soul crystals, they could not improve their Yang Soul.
Therefore, Luo Zheng did not believe that the Soul City's test was to deal with the pressure of the soul.
Five zhang …
Ten zhang …
Twenty zhang …
When the Soul Pillar rose to twenty zhang, it stopped. The Soul Cloud above also stopped descending, hovering above all the Yang Souls. It was only a few zhang away.
At this distance, Luo Zheng could observe the Soul Cloud more clearly.
There were all kinds of strange faces inside the Soul Cloud. There were also some sharp and small crystals. It was because of these small crystals that the Soul Cloud reflected all kinds of light.
Now, they were directly entering the Soul Cloud?
Just as Luo Zheng was guessing, a sound suddenly came from inside the Soul Cloud.
It was still wailing, but now the wailing had become very strange.
The tone and pronunciation of the wailing sound became very rhythmic. Under the fluctuating tone and rhythm, it formed a pleasant song!
"Singing …" Luo Zheng stared at the Soul Cloud with a face full of surprise.
This situation gave Luo Zheng a very strange feeling. It was as if the Soul Cloud itself had turned into a singing girl. However, this girl did not have any vocal organs and could not sing. Therefore, it used the mouths of the souls attached to the Soul Cloud to form a …
A song!
At this time, the voice of the Heavenly Lord of the Origin came again. "Listen carefully, Luo Zheng. This song contains the comprehension to the Colorless Thought Body."
"The comprehension to the Colorless Thought Body is in the song?" Luo Zheng was shocked. "But I can't understand this voice at all …"
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin smiled and said, "Then can you understand Sanskrit?"
Luo Zheng could not understand Sanskrit. He did not have Luo Nian's heaven-defying deciphering ability. If he wanted to decipher Sanskrit systematically, he would need to practice for a very long time …
Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment and immediately reacted. "Senior Heavenly Lord of the Origin, you mean, this song …"
"Yes, it's their voice," the Heavenly Lord of the Origin answered.
Sanskrit could not be read in the Chaos.
If one had to read and understand it, it could only be done through deciphering.
Just like Luo Nian translated a Sanskrit into the corresponding language, he did not "read" the Sanskrit himself.
But in fact, in addition to the language, Sanskrit also corresponded to a special pronunciation, which could be read. However, there was no one in the Chaos World who could read Sanskrit directly …
"So those Sanskrit words can be read with such a strange pronunciation," Luo Zheng listened attentively.
The voice sometimes rose and fell, sometimes meandered, like a poem, like a song, or like people scolding each other in the marketplace. It seemed that it could only be understood from the spiritual level and could not be described with words.

Chapter 3371
Every time the blood-colored lightning struck on Luo Zheng's body, the True Dao Intent would surge out from Luo Zheng's limbs and bones like a tide.
This True Dao Intent would flow around his body, reviving the weakening Chaotic Origin Spirit.
Dozens of blood-colored lightning struck on Luo Zheng's body consecutively, making him look extremely dangerous. But after that, the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise's eyes widened.
'He is unharmed? How is this possible? '
The Blood Spirit Black Tortoise's eyes were filled with disbelief.
Cultivators who had just entered the Myriad Calamity Body could only withstand a force of 80,000 to 90,000 Divine Jun. After entering the Undying Painting and reaching the Undying Realm, it would be strengthened further.
Even if that round of blood-colored lightning did not kill this brat, it should still tear his body apart. But now, Luo Zheng seemed unharmed?
Actually, the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise had seen such a bizarre phenomenon before.
Those Sacred Soul Realm experts who had fused with the Chaotic Origin Spirit would have such a reaction when defending against ordinary attacks. All the energy that struck them would be absorbed by the Chaotic Origin Spirit, preventing their bodies from suffering any injuries.
But the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise had always disdained those 'Sacred Soul Realm' experts. These Sacred Soul Realm experts had lost the qualification to enter the Calamity Bone Ground. They were all half-finished products.
Even though one could use the Chaotic Origin Spirit to make up for the shortcomings of the fleshy body and even create a realm called the 'Chaotic Origin Realm', this was merely a method of adding gold to one's own flaws.
Even those 'Late Stage Chaotic Origin Experts' could only withstand a force of 10,000 to 20,000 Divine Jun. It was not worth mentioning …
'Impossible, it is impossible for him to have a Chaotic Origin Spirit!'
The upper limit of the Chaotic Origin Spirit was very low. It was impossible for it to withstand a force of 70,000 to 80,000 Divine Jun.
But Luo Zheng could withstand the blood-colored lightning without suffering any injuries. How could this be explained?
"You can try again." Luo Zheng said with a smile.
He could see that the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise was getting impatient. Hence, he deliberately provoked it.
As long as the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise's attack did not exceed 100,000 Divine Jun, it would not cause any substantial damage to him.
Even if the force exceeded 100,000 Godly Jun, his newly cultivated Myriad Tribulation Body could withstand it. Moreover, his Myriad Tribulation Body had nine saint soul imprints, which was far stronger than an ordinary Myriad Tribulation Body.
However, Luo Zheng didn't forget that he was trapped on the other side of the river.
The Blood Spirit Black Tortoise might not be able to do anything to him, but he might not be able to kill it either.
His greatest opportunity was the Celestial Spear in his hand. This spear could amplify its power by three to four times, but it could only stab out once.
There was only one chance. Luo Zheng wanted to be absolutely safe!
The Blood Spirit Black Tortoise had a cautious look in its eyes. It did not believe that Luo Zheng could withstand its lightning without being injured.
This brat must have some kind of special life-saving method, but no matter how miraculous it was, there was still a limit to it. He couldn't block it indefinitely.
"Die!"
"Rumble …"
An even thicker blood-red lightning bolt shot straight at Luo Zheng.
Under the cover of this blood-red lightning, the area around Luo Zheng within a thousand feet radius was like purgatory.
No matter how strong an existence was, it would be hard for him to survive in this region.
But Luo Zheng could …
Above the Heaven Palace.
Gan Gaohan, Ning Xu Yuan, and the others were not much different from the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise. Their eyes were wide open.
"Is this the strength of the Myriad Tribulation Body?" Gan Gaohan asked in astonishment.
Even though Gan Gaohan and the others didn't have the chance to cultivate the Myriad Tribulation Body, they had stayed in the 32 Levels of Heaven for a long time. They were clear of how powerful the Myriad Tribulation Body was.
The Myriad Tribulation Body strengthened the fleshy body. It wasn't like the Spirit of Chaotic Origin which made the fleshy body invincible.
In other words, a Late Stage Chaotic Origin Expert would not be injured at all when the force of 10,000 Divine Catchments landed on him. But when the force of 10,000 Divine Catchments landed on the Myriad Calamity Body, this Myriad Calamity Body might be slightly injured …
"Impossible!" Ning Xu Yuan shook his head with certainty: "It's impossible for the Myriad Tribulation Body to be completely unscathed. It seems like he is relying on the Spirit of Chaotic Origin to absorb the force of 10,000 Jun …"
"Absorbed by the Spirit of Chaotic Origin?"
Gan Gaohan, Qiu Yinhe, and the other Heaven Palace experts were stunned.
"Indeed." Lin Zhanting said: "Luo Zheng seems to have absorbed all the energy from the Spirit of Chaotic Origin …"
"The Blood Spirit Black Tortoise is one of the Ten Great Primal Chaos Ferocious Beasts. A casual strike from it would be at least 70,000 Jun. Are you saying that Luo Zheng's Spirit of Chaotic Origin is that strong?" Gan Gaohan retorted.
Many Sacred Soul Realm experts present had cultivated the Spirit of Chaotic Origin to the limit.
Together with other protective magical treasures, cultivation techniques, and so on, he could at most withstand 10,000 to 20,000 Godly Jun of strength. 25,000 Godly Jun of strength was already the limit.
Hence, the meaning behind Gan Gaohan's question was simple. Even if Luo Zheng was heaven-defying, it was impossible for him to violate this common sense.
Lin Zhanting merely shrugged, "I don't know what the exact reason is. But from his performance, it seems so."
In any case, the strange things that had happened to Luo Zheng were not just one or two.
Hence, it wasn't strange for something weird to happen to Luo Zheng.
"Elder Gan, no matter what, Luo Zheng is still able to resist against the attack of that Blood Spirit Black Tortoise. It is ultimately beneficial for us." Li Bianxue suddenly reminded.
Because that scene was too weird, everyone didn't pay attention to the most crucial issue.
Luo Zheng swayed back and forth amidst those blood-colored lightning bolts. Ultimately, he remained unharmed.
"That's right. Even though the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise can't do anything to Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng can't do anything to it either. I wonder if he can break free from it." Ning Xu Yuan said.
The moment Ning Xu Yuan finished speaking, Luo Zheng was struck by a blood-colored lightning bolt. His entire body bounced back.
"Opportunity?"
The moment Luo Zheng bounced back, he accelerated and charged towards the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise like a meteor.
"Puny human, you dare to counterattack? Scram! "
The Blood Spirit Black Tortoise sneered. It opened its mouth and spat out another blood-colored lightning bolt.
The bucket-sized blood-colored lightning bolt whipped Luo Zheng a few more times and sent him flying back another thousand feet.
After Luo Zheng stabilized himself, his eyes narrowed slightly. He immediately retorted, "You're just a cowardly tortoise. Your strength is only so-so, yet you dare to spout such arrogant words. How laughable!"
In the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise's eyes, Luo Zheng was just a small fry that Genryū wanted to get rid of.
It was infuriated to be mocked by an insignificant little fellow like Luo Zheng. It spat out lightning in an attempt to exhaust Luo Zheng's unknown protective divine ability.
However, its series of attacks were completely ineffective. Instead, it was mocked. How could it tolerate that?
In its anger, it lost all of its patience. It suddenly opened its mouth and revealed a mouthful of fangs. Countless blood-colored lightning bolts coiled around its fangs.
"You really think I can't do anything to you? Watch me devour you! "

Chapter 3372
The last time Li Bianxue entered the Soul City, she had already reached a height of 620 feet.
It was only her twelfth time entering the Soul City, but she was able to achieve such a result. It was already very amazing in the Soul City. At least in the Mother World, there were very few people like Li Bianxue. Therefore, Li Bianxue attracted a lot of attention in the Soul City.
Li Bianxue's speed was not as fast as "Ah Ku". She was very careful and rose at a constant speed. In the time it took for an incense stick to burn, she had only risen a few dozen feet.
After a few incense sticks, Li Bianxue had already risen to a height of 600 feet.
Liu Hen, Qin Hua, and the rest were very concerned about Li Bianxue. At this moment, they were also staring at the Soul Pillar nervously.
"This time, she will probably exceed 700 feet!"
"Maybe Sister Bianxue can really break our Heavenly Palace's record!"
"Look, she has already surpassed the previous record!"
After crossing a height of 620 feet, Li Bianxue continued to climb. Although she had slowed down, she still rose steadily and at a constant speed.
When the Soul Pillar's height reached 700 feet, she finally stopped.
"Whoosh!"
A person's sword shadow quickly descended from the Soul Cloud and landed steadily on the ground.
Just like what Li Bianxue had said to Luo Zheng, she never forced herself in the Soul Cloud. Naturally, she did not land as pathetically as "Ah Ku".
"Reaching a height of 700 feet on the thirteenth time, Sister Bianxue is really our Heavenly Palace's beloved girl!" Liu Hen praised.
Li Bianxue looked at Liu Hen and said indifferently, "You flatter me."
She did not place much importance on these records. Otherwise, with her ability, she would be able to go further.
Just as the few people in the Land of Sword Grief were praising her, an indifferent voice came from not far away. "It's only 700 feet, and the Heavenly Palace is already treating it as a treasure?
Everyone looked towards the source of the voice. A human Sun Soul stood on the Soul Pillar, and the number on the Soul Pillar was 11.
This meant that this person had entered the Soul City for the eleventh time.
"It's Ji Huandao from the You Xiong Clan!"
"He is known as the strongest prodigy in the history of the You Xiong Clan. His talent surpasses Ji Xuanyuan's!"
"It's said that when he entered the Soul City for the first time, he had already climbed to a height of 790 feet...... Now, he has already climbed to a height of 950 feet …"
No matter what race they belonged to, as long as they were geniuses, they would always receive attention.
After Ji Huandao spoke, he immediately attracted the attention of many Yang Souls. Whether it was the Human Race or the other races of the Mother World, they were all talking about him.
"What's so great about that? You haven't even reached a height of one thousand feet. Even if you reach ninety-nine feet, what's the difference between ten feet and ninety-nine feet? If you want to be arrogant, you have to go through Soul City first! "Liu Hen rebuked coldly.
Ji Huandao glanced at Liu Hen indifferently. A person like Liu Hen who had entered the Soul City hundreds of times was naturally not worthy of Ji Huandao's attention.
"A hundred zhang?" Ji Huandao revealed a faint smile, "It's just a piece of cake to form a colorless thought body. What I'm pursuing is not on the same level as what you're pursuing. You don't understand it at all!"
Hearing this, Liu Hen, Qin Hua, and the other Outsiders all revealed looks of confusion.
Those who entered the Soul City were all pursuing the Colorless Thought Body and achieving the Holy Soul Realm. Why was Ji Huan acting so mysterious? What kind of pursuit were they not on the same level?
"Watch carefully, everyone, and the proud daughter of heaven from the Heavenly Palace," Ji Huandao smiled gently, and the soul pillar under his feet began to rise.
The soul pillar rose at an extremely fast speed, and the height displayed on the soul pillar was also rapidly increasing.
Ten feet …
Twenty feet …
Thirty feet …
In less than ten breaths of time, Ji Huandao had risen to a height of more than eighty feet, and was going straight for ninety feet.
"What a fast speed!"
"That soul cloud doesn't seem to have any hindrance to Ji Huandao!"
"It seems that he will be able to pass through Soul City this time …"
Before they finished speaking, the number on the soul pillar under Ji Huandao's feet had already shown the number one hundred.
"Buzz …"
When this number appeared, the entire thick soul cloud suddenly bloomed with a faint light, which meant that Ji Huandao had passed.
"I knew that this kid would be able to pass through in a short period of time!"
"I really envy him. He can safely pass through Soul City and go to the higher shore …"
"Eh? Wait, look … "
Generally speaking, as long as they broke through the height of one hundred feet, most people would breathe a sigh of relief and jump down from the soul pillar. After all, after crossing the finish line, there was not much point in continuing to go up, and it was meaningless to persist at a height of one hundred feet.
But under everyone's gaze, Ji Huandao did not leave, but continued to go up, and the number on the soul pillar continued to increase!
"What does Ji Huandao want to do?"
"Does he want to leave his name in Soul City?"
"No, I heard that there are stronger levels above the Holy Soul Realm, as long as he has the ability to continue to go up …"
On the soul cloud, a light pillar shot into the sky, and Ji Huandao, who was sitting in the soul pillar, rushed out of the soul cloud, and allowed the light pillar to continue to rise.
"Senior Yuanshi Tianzun, isn't the upper limit of Soul City 300 feet?" Luo Zheng stared at the scene and asked.
Yuanshi Tianzun smiled and said, "For most people, it is 300 feet. Crossing this height means that you have achieved the Colorless Thought Body and stepped into the Holy Soul Realm. But do you remember that I told you that the Holy Soul Realm is not the end?"
Luo Zheng nodded. When he first met Yuanshi Tianzun, Yuanshi Tianzun had mentioned it.
"When you become a Colorless Thought Body, everyone has a chance to challenge a higher limit. This opportunity only comes once, and you can't miss it again. But most people choose to give up, because it is very difficult to go up." Yuanshi Tianzun also stared at Ji Huandao, who was above the soul cloud.
Huan Dao said, "This person is also a person with excellent comprehension, so he should be able to get a Holy Soul Engraving."
"Holy Soul Engraving?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
Yuanshi Tianzun nodded, "One should be his limit …"
As the saying went, to go one step further, because one had already climbed one hundred feet, the next step would be very difficult.
This was the current situation.
Although Ji Huandao was extraordinary, it was not easy to move up in the light pillar, and the speed of his ascent was extremely slow.
After half an hour, he had climbed up 80 feet, and the soul pillar showed that he was 800 feet high!
"Buzz!"
A golden engraving circled around Ji Huandao and was immediately imprinted on the surface of Ji Huandao's soul. Then Ji Huandao jumped down from the soul pillar and landed heavily on the ground.
Even though the crowd could not see Ji Huandao's appearance, they could feel his great joy.

Chapter 3373
After escaping from the other shore, Luo Zheng knew that the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise had projected the illusion of his battle onto the Center Divine Province.
After Luo Zheng woke up, Gan Gaohan and the others gathered around, some asking Luo Zheng about the situation, some showing concern for his injuries...
Before, when these experts of the Heavenly Palace faced Luo Zheng, they still had the attitude of a senior looking at a junior, but now when facing Luo Zheng, there was a trace of reverence, the kind of reverence that would only be shown when facing an Immortal expert.
Many disciples of the Sword of Grief had already flown to Greater One Mountain.
For example, Mo Yijian, Chou Xinghe and the others were watching from afar.
The people surrounding Luo Zheng were all core figures of the Heavenly Palace, and the disciples of the Sword of Grief were not qualified to approach them.
"Brother Luo Zheng hasn't left the Fourteenth Heaven for long..." Chou Xinghe sighed.
The corner of Mo Yijian's mouth twitched slightly.
His gaze inadvertently fell on Li Bianxue. After Li Bianxue woke Luo Zheng up from the other shore, she naturally retreated.
Even a genius like Li Bianxue could only step aside at this time.
Her back was facing Mo Yijian, her fine straight hair draped over her thin shoulders, looking a little sparse.
Although Mo Yijian was a later generation, his path was very similar to Li Bianxue's.
If the Heavenly Palace continued to operate stably, after Li Bianxue left the Sword of Grief, Mo Yijian would very likely replace Li Bianxue and become the rising star of the Sword of Grief.
But the light on their bodies was not worth mentioning in front of Luo Zheng, like fireflies competing with the sun and moon. So Mo Yijian could understand Li Bianxue's feelings at this moment.
… …
Southeast of the Dragon Cliff.
The endless mountain forest was shrouded in poisonous miasma.
Ordinary people, and even Nirvana experts, had to take protective measures when they entered.
Naturally, the wild races that lived here were able to blend in with the poisonous miasma. In other words, most of them were poisonous creatures to begin with.
So the people of the Center Divine Province did not migrate to the southeast, and only guarded the Dragon Cliff to prevent the invasion of the savage foreign races.
However, not long ago, a huge monster came here.
Those savage alien races who were known for their ferocity stopped fighting each other and set their sights on this colossus.
The most ferocious of them all was the first to launch an attack on the colossus.
However, the colossal being only needed to stomp a single foot to crush this elite army into dust …
None of the other foreign races had expected that such a powerful being would descend upon this accursed place, and they all scattered in all directions.
During this period of time, they were also secretly observing the movements of the behemoth.
Earlier in the day, they had seen two threads extending into the sky.
After a period of time, the head of this colossus suddenly stretched out and smashed into the ground with a bang. That rich and long lasting soul aura started to disperse.
He had actually died?
Such a powerful existence had fallen just like that?
The Blood Spirit Clan, who lived on the turtle's back, was even more shocked than the Savage Wasteland outsiders who were secretly observing the situation.
This Blood Spirit Clan had been relying on the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise for generations, and the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise was also their religion.
They had never thought that there would be a day when the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise would fall.
When the soul aura of the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise dissipated, the Blood Spirit Clan members were initially filled with disbelief. Following that, they started crying and howling …
But just as they were grieving, those savage foreign races hiding in the forest started moving.
The Blood Spirit Black Tortoise was such a powerful existence, and its entire body was filled with treasures.
Now that the aura of the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise had disappeared, it was clear that its soul had been extinguished. How could those savage foreign races miss this opportunity?
Within the poisonous miasma, countless creatures of other races swarmed in from all directions. The Blood Spirit Clan living on the tortoise's back had no other choice but to fight a bloody battle. Although their clan was powerful, in the end, they couldn't withstand the tide of other races from the Desolate Wilderness …
…
This time, the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise suddenly acted against Luo Zheng, causing the entire Great Yi Heaven Palace to feel nervous.
At the same time, some new suspicions arose.
Now it seemed that the Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit that could allow the Paramita lifeforms to descend was indeed very important to Genryū.
Given Genryū's demand, it was impossible for them to give up on the chance to descend.
They could easily send experts from the Dihong Clan and Lie Shan Clan to act. If these Sempiternal realm experts worked together, the Heaven Palace would not be able to resist …
But now, they merely sent the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise over. Furthermore, the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise was using the Jade Dragon Silk to take away Luo Zheng's life.
From all these, it seemed that the Lie Shan Clan and Dihong Clan did not have much resources they could use. Or rather, they had more important things to do!
Of course, these were all guesses of Gan Gaohan and the others.
Gan Gaohan and the others were also within the 32 Levels of Heaven. They were relaying the matter of the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise to the Sacred Soul experts of Li Mountain. These Sacred Soul experts would then relay the information to Nuwa and Fuxi …
Other than collecting information, Gan Gaohan and the others personally went to the star ring of the 32 Levels of Peace to welcome Luo Zheng.
After clearing out the obstacles in the bone cave, Luo Zheng returned to Fandu Heaven.
The Li Yuan clansmen naturally wouldn't wait for Luo Zheng. Once the obstacles in the passage were removed, they carefully crossed the Jade Dragon Silk and left for the top of the bone cave.
Li Bianxue followed closely behind Luo Zheng and carefully took out the spear. "Here, take this!"
Li Bianxue had already heard from the Heaven Palace that Luo Zheng had been able to kill the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise mainly because of this Celestial Spear.
Amplifying his strength by four times meant that he had the strength of five to six hundred thousand jun.
To Li Bianxue, this was an astronomical number!
This meant that Luo Zheng himself had to release a strength of over a hundred thousand jun. What was his body made of to withstand such terrifying power?
"We'll be flying through the star ring in a bit. Help me put it away first," Luo Zheng said.
Li Bianxue nodded obediently and put the Celestial Spear back into Sumeru Space.
Before she entered Fandu Heaven, she had been repeatedly told to help Luo Zheng as much as possible.
In the depths of her heart, Li Bianxue felt that it was unfair.
After all, she was once the pride of the Heaven Palace, and after passing through Soul City, she became a Sacred Soul expert. But now, she had completely become Luo Zheng's follower, and had to serve him first.
But on second thought, if it wasn't for Luo Zheng, she probably wouldn't even have been able to pass through Yu Sheng-tian, let alone Fandu Heaven.
After climbing to the top of the bone cave, she arrived at the exit.

Chapter 3374
In the Soul Cloud, Luo Zheng was still immersed in confusion.
At this time, even the Heavenly Lord of the Origin began to feel confused.
In fact, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin did plan to help Luo Zheng pass the Soul City.
And not only did he want to help Luo Zheng pass the Soul City, but he also wanted to help Luo Zheng get the nine Holy Soul Engravings!
Even though more than a thousand chaos epochs had passed, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin still remembered clearly that when he got the seven Holy Soul Engravings, he had vaguely seen something at the top of the light pillar. It seemed that there was something else.
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin didn't know what that thing was, but he speculated that it might be related to the original "Instant" civilization.
Any news about the Instant civilization could arouse the Heavenly Lord of the Origin's great interest.
But how difficult was it to get the nine Holy Soul Engravings?
For so many divine epochs, the highest record was only eight Holy Soul Engravings!
However, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin thought that since it was the first time Luo Zheng entered the Soul Cloud, he should let him have a process of adaptation. When he came out, he would teach him the experience.
But after Luo Zheng entered the Soul Cloud, he didn't move at all. Even the Heavenly Lord of the Origin was confused.
"Luo Zheng, what's wrong with you?" the Heavenly Lord of the Origin asked.
"These things in the Soul Cloud seem to have no effect on me. I seem to be unable to drive the Soul Pillar to rise," Luo Zheng said.
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin's pupils shrank slightly. "Impossible …"
Forming the Colorless Thought Body was a process of repeatedly replacing the Sun Soul.
"Colorless" was the world of matter. A person's soul was born with seven emotions and six desires. Through the swallowing of the "faces" in the Soul Cloud, the seven emotions and six desires would be constantly replaced.
In this process, Luo Zheng would constantly forget and constantly gain.
When completely forgotten, the Sun Soul would be reborn and become a real Colorless Thought Body. At this time, the Sun Soul would become a Holy Soul and naturally undergo a rebirth.
In the eyes of ordinary people, the Soul Cloud seemed to be a chaotic mass. In fact, it was layered, and each layer had a different range of replacement for the Sun Soul.
No matter how low Luo Zheng's talent was, it was impossible for this to happen.
"Could it be that you are repelled by Colorless Thoughts …" Heavenly Primogenitor's voice became cautious.
If that was the case, Luo Zheng wouldn't be able to pass through Soul City, let alone the people in the scroll.
"Repel …"
Luo Zheng stretched out his hands towards those "faces", but those faces were still madly biting at Luo Zheng.
The rhythmic singing continued to reverberate through the entire soul cloud.
He still couldn't understand the meaning behind it, but there was a surging feeling in the depths of his soul.
"They … they want to bestow it on me?" Luo Zheng suddenly blurted out.
Luo Zheng saw the soul cloud as a whole, but the "faces" in the cloud were individual individuals. But no matter what, this feeling emerged in his heart with incomparable accuracy.
"Buzz …"
As the faces continued to bite, the purple light within Luo Zheng's Yang Soul was rapidly stripped away. It was as if his soul was being eaten and replaced by a pure, transparent soul!
When Heavenly Primogenitor noticed this scene, he was also stunned. "Are … are they all being replaced now?"
The entire soul cloud was surging. Even Ah Ku, Li Bianxue, Ji Huandao, and the others below could clearly see that all the faces were converging in one direction, and the place where they were converging was where Luo Zheng's Soul Pillar was!
Many Sun Souls entered the soul cloud at the same time as Luo Zheng. The speed at which these Sun Souls rose was either fast or slow, but when those "faces" rushed towards Luo Zheng, there were no more faces to help them replace the Sun Souls. Their Soul Pillars also stopped, and they were all dumbfounded.
"What happened?"
"All the ghost faces are converging at Luo Zheng's place?"
"I've never heard of such a situation …"
Ji Huandao stared at this strange scene, his face full of vigilance.
The 29th Heaven could be regarded as the starting point of another level. The experts on this level would probably face direct competition in the future. Such an abnormal scene was definitely not what Ji Huandao wanted to see.
"It seems a little different," Feng Ge said with a smile. Although Feng Ge did not know what had happened, she had great confidence in Luo Zheng.
After those faces gathered for a while, they dispersed. Luo Zheng's Sun Soul had turned pure and transparent.
"What's going on?" Luo Zheng looked at his hands in confusion. He was really afraid that he would disappear.
"Colorless Thought Body, you have already formed it," Heavenly Primogenitor said briefly.
"Don't I have to climb up?" Luo Zheng asked.
"It seems that there's no need. Those 'soul faces' came down from above, haha …" Heavenly Primogenitor was also very speechless. These faces kept in the soul cloud did like to devour the seven emotions and six desires, but no one had ever received the same treatment as Luo Zheng.
"But if I form the Colorless Thought Body like this, I can't get the Holy Soul Engraving, right?" Luo Zheng asked again.
At the mention of the Holy Soul Engraving, Heavenly Primogenitor was also shocked.
After becoming a Colorless Thought Body, there was only one chance. If it was missed, it would not come again. Heavenly Primogenitor did not expect that Luo Zheng would step into the Holy Soul Realm in this way. For a moment, his mind was blank.
Soon, Heavenly Primogenitor said, "Don't leave the soul cloud, rush up!"
This was completely out of options, because Luo Zheng was not sure whether he could drive the soul pillar. At least, the soul pillar did not respond when he drove it like that just now.
After hearing Heavenly Primogenitor's words, Luo Zheng changed his mind and drove the soul pillar up again.
This time, the soul pillar finally moved.
"Phew …"
In the eyes of everyone, those "faces" swarmed toward Luo Zheng and left like a swarm of bees. They were completely confused.
But then the soul pillar began to rise at a rapid speed.
100 feet …
300 feet …
900 feet …
1000 feet …
"Buzz!"
As the light pillar at the top of the soul cloud rose, Luo Zheng's figure appeared in it.
He stepped on the soul pillar and was still climbing up!
When he crossed the distance of 800 feet, a golden Holy Soul Engraving had hit Luo Zheng's chest.
But just as the golden Holy Soul Engraving hit him, Luo Zheng's figure continued to climb up.
1,160 feet, the second Holy Soul Engraving!
1,240 feet …
100 feet …
Holy Soul Engraving hit the surface of Luo Zheng's body one after another.
Below the soul cloud, Feng Ge reached out to cover his small cherry mouth. He was so surprised that he could not say a word.
Not only Feng Ge, but also the others. It was just that the others could not see the expression on their faces.
Especially Ji Huandao. Every time a Holy Soul Engraving fell on the surface of Luo Zheng's body, Ji Huandao's heart trembled.

Chapter 3375
Completing the colorless Thought Body was a difficult hurdle for a Sun Soul that had reached the 28th Heaven.
But with time, there was still a possibility of crossing it.
But if he wanted to obtain the Saint Soul Engraving, he would have to go through a lot of trouble.
Every moment in the light pillar was like lying in the magma of hell.
Ji Huandao had already risked his life to be able to hold on until the first engraving appeared. But Luo Zheng obtained these engraving so easily and naturally. How could he feel balanced?
Ji Huandao was not the only one who felt unbalanced in his heart. None of the people present could keep calm about it.
For example, Liu Hen had instigated Luo Zheng to suffer. Who would have thought that Luo Zheng had crossed the soul cloud in an instant and entered the light pillar above.
"Blazing Seal!"
"All Living Seal!"
"Lifeless Seal!"
"Cluster Ghost Seal!"
"Group Dao Seal!"
"No Three Seal!"
"Earth Seal!"
"Heaven Returning Seal!"
The first eight Saint Soul Engraving hit the surface of Luo Zheng's Saint Soul one by one.
One on his chest, one on his dantian, two on his shoulders, one on his forehead, and two on his waist.
When Luo Zheng obtained the eight Saint Soul Engraving, the rapidly rising soul pillar suddenly stopped.
Luo Zheng still had a puzzled look on his face. He asked, "What's going on …"
"I'm not sure either." Yuanshi Tianzun shook his head.
With Yuanshi Tianzun's understanding of the Nirvana Realm, not many people knew what he did not know.
However, the problem that Luo Zheng was facing now had already exceeded the scope of the Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning's understanding.
During this process, Yuanshi Tianzun was also constantly trying to figure out what the problem was.
Yuanshi Tianzun also knew Luo Zheng's origin very well. After all, the Six-striped Blood Tree was also created by him. The only variable in Luo Zheng's growth was probably his special physical body and the Chaos Secret Skill. But these two should not have much to do with Soul City.
Right …
Now that Yuanshi Tianzun also did not know what the problem was, Luo Zheng was too lazy to think about it.
Since the Soul Pillar wasn't going up or down, he observed his surroundings.
Standing at this height, he could already see the entire Soul City.
The interior of the Soul City was actually a circular area, and the Soul Pillars were evenly distributed in this circular area. Further away from the Soul Pillars was a grayish-brown building formed by souls.
The buildings and houses in Soul City could not be entered. There had once been a Sun Soul who had tried, but the Sun Soul that had entered never came out. It was said that it had also become a part of Soul City. Since then, no one dared to explore the houses in Soul City.
Everyone had come and gone in a hurry just to reach the Saint Soul Realm.
However, the room at the top of Soul City still attracted the attention of many Sun Souls.
The room at the top was a small round house with a pointed roof. There was a small window beside the house. Every time the door of Soul City opened, the small window would light up with a pale yellow candle flame.
Because of the candlelight that lit up on time, many people concluded that there must be living creatures in the small house.
But no matter what, no one had entered the small house.
Even the Meta-Spirit Clan, who had dominated the Paramita Realm for the longest, had never set foot in the small house!
In fact, everyone was so curious because the Meta-Spirit Clan had tried to enter the house in the second and third chaos eras.
In order to take a peek at what was inside the small house with a pointed roof, the Yuanling Clan had once invited 'Gui Chentou' from the thirty-three layers of Sanqing Heaven to descend. Gui Chentou was the Nirvana Realm creature with the strongest soul invited by the Yuanling Clan.
But even Gui Suntou had completely disappeared after entering the house …
At that time, all the Sun Souls in Soul City had been devoured by the soul cloud.
From then on, Genryū had never had any ideas about the small house with a pointed roof again.
Luo Zheng's Soul Pillar stayed there for the time it took to burn a stick of incense. The light within the pillar became denser, and all the golden light seemed to condense into a solid body.
Looking from afar, the pillar of light continued to condense, almost turning into a solid golden pillar that tightly wrapped Luo Zheng within.
Originally, the entire Soul City and the faces in the soul cloud were constantly making all kinds of sounds.
But after the bronze pillar appeared, the entire Soul City quieted down.
The singing that had been constantly ringing out also stopped.
The strange scene and the quiet atmosphere caused many people to become vigilant.
The Sun Souls that were still in the soul cloud immediately chose to give up and jump down from the Soul Pillars. Then, they stared dumbfoundedly at the scene above.
"Crack …"
The Soul Pillar beneath Luo Zheng's feet trembled and slowly began to rise again.
Luo Zheng, who had been feeling nothing all this time, finally began to feel a lot of pain at this moment.
After the golden pillar formed, it had already completely wrapped Luo Zheng within.
He couldn't move or see anything. He had already become a part of the golden pillar.
"Don't ask. Just wait and see!"
Luo Zheng was just about to ask the Primeval Lord of Heaven, but the Primeval Lord of Heaven had already flatly refused.
Although the Primeval Lord of Heaven didn't know what this was, he was extremely excited. He realized that Luo Zheng had a chance to reach the top. Although all of this had happened very suddenly and was difficult to understand, it was indeed proceeding in the direction he had thought …
Not long after, a number appeared on Luo Zheng's Soul Pillar: one hundred and seventy-two zhang.
At this time, the solid golden pillar that wrapped Luo Zheng suddenly shattered. The substance on the golden pillar continuously shattered and peeled off, falling into the soul cloud from above.
When the "faces" saw the countless fragments falling, they swarmed over like a school of fish in a pond, desperately fighting over the fragments.
After the golden pillar continuously peeled off, Luo Zheng's Sun Soul form appeared, and the ninth Saint Soul Seal had already landed on top of his head.
"Leading Seal!"
Luo Zheng stood on the surface of the Soul Pillar. His back was straight, and he was actually breathing shallowly!
The nine Saint Soul Seals inside his soul actually outlined golden veins, and the location of these veins was actually exactly the same as the distribution of the Eight Extraordinary Meridians of a human.
As Luo Zheng exhaled, the golden veins turned from bright to dark, and then from dark to bright.
Although after reaching the Saint Soul Realm, the soul was strong enough to contend with the physical body, it still couldn't escape the scope of the soul.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng had really undergone a qualitative change.
The nine Saint Soul Seals formed a large circle of their own, turning his soul into a different kind of life!
"What is this?"
In front of Luo Zheng floated a small bronze ring.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven had seen this bronze ring when he obtained the seventh Saint Soul Seal.
Luo Zheng stretched out his hand and gently pulled on the bronze ring. The entire Soul City suddenly trembled.
A huge gear on the right side of the Soul City slowly rotated, and the chains formed by souls were constantly loosened.

Chapter 3376
Candlelight was still on the window of the small house with a pointy roof.
He could not see what was inside the window with his eyes alone.
As the iron chain bridge was lowered from the opposite side of the Soul City, he finally had the chance to explore this secret after thousands of chaos eras.
"Go, child," said the Heavenly Lord of Origin. "Perhaps you have a chance to face them directly."
Luo Zheng looked at the iron chain bridge in front of him with a hint of hesitation on his face.
Frankly speaking, his purpose of exploring the Soul City was to achieve the Divine Soul Realm. Now that he had achieved his goal, he could leave directly.
However, from another perspective, he had inherited the scroll of the human race, which meant he had become the hope of the human race.
He had no right to give up on such an exploration.
"Who are they?" Luo Zheng asked.
"The civilization that built the Soul City," replied the Heavenly Lord of Origin.
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng's heart skipped a beat. "Is it that civilization that doesn't exist?"
"Doesn't exist? Who told you that? "The Heavenly Lord of Origin was slightly stunned.
"Goddess Nuwa, uh, Goddess Nuwa's avatar," replied Luo Zheng.
The Heavenly Lord of Origin smiled faintly. "Nuwa thought herself clever. The Soul City, the Land of Calamity Bones, and the Immortal Scroll are proof of the existence of the Instant Civilization. No matter how powerful Genryū is, it is impossible for him to create these things. With their tolerance, it is too late for them to destroy them!"
If the Soul City and the Land of Calamity Bones were completely destroyed, no one would be able to reach the Immortal Realm. As the forerunner, Genryū would be able to put an end to the pursuers once and for all. They were obviously very happy to do so.
It was a pity that the Yuanling Clan had no way to destroy the Soul City and the land of Calamity Bones. They had paid a hefty price for several experiments, and could only allow the Nirvana Realm creatures and Sun Souls to enter and leave the Soul City …
"That … that house should have the Instant Civilization?" Luo Zheng's interest was slowly being piqued.
"We have to go in to see for ourselves," replied the Heavenly Lord of Origin.
Luo Zheng nodded and took a step forward.
With this step, he stepped onto the iron chain bridge.
Because his Yang Soul had been changed, his soul's sense of touch had also undergone an earth-shattering change. This new colorless Thought Body was like a cub that had just broken out of its shell. Any object it touched felt new and soft.
Just as Luo Zheng stepped onto the Iron Chain Bridge, something suddenly rushed in from the entrance of Soul City.
The object was sparkling and translucent, as if it was formed from ice crystals. It seemed to have a physical form, but it also seemed to be able to take on a myriad of forms. At this moment, the object had already transformed into a pair of wings and was flying towards the soul cloud.
"Sou!"
Its speed was astonishingly fast. From the moment Luo Zheng saw it to the moment it rushed onto the iron chain bridge, only a split second had passed!
After this thing rushed onto the iron chain bridge, it kept moving forward along the bridge, heading straight for the building on the other side of the bridge. But this time, just as it rushed out for a certain distance, little dots of orange light appeared on the iron chain bridge.
After these dots of orange light appeared, they stuck to the surface of its body one by one. Each dot of orange light seemed to be a hand, pulling it forcefully.
This thing kept struggling and moving forward, but it couldn't move a single step on the iron chain bridge.
After a short while, this thing turned into a pool of blue liquid and sprinkled on the iron chain bridge …
"What is this?" Luo Zheng looked at the pool of blue liquid and asked.
The Heavenly Lord of Origin sneered, "It's Ning Bingnu."
"Genryū's?" Luo Zheng asked again.
"Yes, it's even stronger than the Moon Fire Slaves." The Heavenly Lord of Origin nodded.
Over the years, the Heavenly Lord of Origin had killed the most Moon Fire Slaves, followed by Ning Bingnu.
However, Ning Bingnu's body was ever-changing, and its strength was much stronger than the Moon Fire Slaves.
Soul City was such an important place, so the Genryū would naturally monitor it closely. After Luo Zheng caused the anomaly, it quickly attracted the Genryū's attention.
Now that the iron chain bridge had been lowered, the Genryū naturally wanted to fight with all their might. They also wanted to know what was hidden in the small house with a pointed roof.
But this fight failed in the end …
Luo Zheng stepped forward lightly. After he took a few steps forward, the orange dots of light appeared on the iron chain bridge again.
These dots of light were not in a regular shape. Some were circular, some were diamond-shaped, and they looked like floating orange petals.
Seeing these dots of light floating towards him, Luo Zheng's face showed a cautious expression.
Ning Bingnu had just died at the hands of these orange dots of light. Naturally, he didn't want to repeat the same mistake.
But judging from the density of these orange dots of light, Luo Zheng couldn't safely pass through them.
"Clack …"
Just as Luo Zheng was hesitating, an orange petal floated onto his arm. Luo Zheng quickly retracted his arm, but the petal had already stuck to his arm and was drilling deeper into his arm.
Strangely, the orange petal didn't cause any harm to Luo Zheng. After it entered his arm and touched the golden meridians, the orange petal automatically merged with them and became a part of Luo Zheng's Yang Soul …
At the same time, Luo Zheng felt a trace of warmth spreading from his arm.
"This thing won't hurt me?" Luo Zheng asked in a daze.
"Of course," the Heavenly Lord of Origin said with a smile. "After all, you opened this iron chain bridge with nine Soul Seals. How could the Instant civilization make such a mistake?"
In the eyes of the Heavenly Lord of Origin, the Instant civilization was the chief designer of this world.
Time, space, truth, Shinto, and any other laws were designed by the Instant civilization. It was a magical race that basically didn't make mistakes.
Luo Zheng nodded. Only then did he feel at ease and move forward on the iron chain bridge.
Those orange petals not only didn't harm Luo Zheng, but also nourished his soul. When Luo Zheng passed by, he touched them intentionally or unintentionally.
The iron chain bridge was only two to three hundred feet long. In a short while, Luo Zheng had reached the end of the iron chain bridge and stepped on the stairs on the side of Soul City.
The buildings of Soul City were built very strangely. The entrance was very narrow. If the creatures of Instant had a body, they should be very slim.
But after climbing up from the entrance, the stairs suddenly became wide.
The carved reliefs on both sides of the stairs were not strange beasts or scenery, but some very abstract things, such as triangles, squares, circles, and so on.
Around these shapes, there seemed to be rich markings. They were fist-sized Sanskrit characters, which seemed to explain the relationship between these shapes.
Luo Zheng looked at them. He couldn't understand Sanskrit, but the Heavenly Lord of Origin said, "Luo Zheng, wait …"

Chapter 3377
The bronze ground in Pingyi Tian was very vast.
Gan Gaohan led Luo Zheng and Li Bianxue to the temple of the Heavenly Palace. They had only seen a corner of Pingyi Tian.
After returning to the bronze ground, they saw a vast ocean engraved on the bronze ground after walking for a short distance. There were various small islands in the ocean, and they could also see some huge creatures swimming in it.
"This is the Sea of Tianyi. It's very big."
Perhaps Gan Gaohan was worried about Lin Zhanting and the others, so he only briefly introduced them to Luo Zheng.
Could such a big area like the Sea of Tianyi be divided into pieces like the temple of the Heavenly Palace?
Just when Luo Zheng had some doubts, the white light beside him suddenly flashed.
Murlocs with frog feet crawled out from the bronze ground. These murlocs curiously sized up Luo Zheng and the others. They stretched out their hands and gently clapped, releasing a white whirlpool. Then, they jumped into the whirlpool and jumped into the ocean …
"It's really divided …" Luo Zheng's mouth slightly curved.
These murlocs had reached the end of the ocean. If they wanted to continue forward, they could only crawl out and use light stones to cross to the other side.
On the way north, they encountered many Nirvana Realm creatures.
It was impossible to fight in the space of the bronze ground. These Nirvana Realm creatures were quite friendly. Some of them even greeted Luo Zheng and the others as if they had met an old acquaintance.
Such etiquette surprised Luo Zheng.
After all, the Thirty-two Levels of Heaven should be the highest level below the Immortal Realm. The competition in this level of heaven should be very fierce. However, most of the Nirvana Realm creatures seemed to be getting along well after being separated by the immortal picture scroll.
Just when Luo Zheng felt that the atmosphere was harmonious, two Nirvana Realm creatures appeared not far away. One was like a bear with a huge body, and the other was like a bull with a human body. These two burly Nirvana Realm creatures were cursing at each other.
On the bronze ground, no one could do anything to the other. They could only provoke each other with words and at the same time, ask each other to enter their own picture scroll space.
However, these Nirvana Realm creatures had been operating in their own territory for a long time. There were many magic circles and mechanisms inside. Without enough strength, it was basically a dead end to enter the other party's temple …
"It's not good for them to keep arguing like this, right? Is there no way to resolve conflicts in the 32 Heavens? "
After passing by those Nirvana Realm races, Luo Zheng finally couldn't help but ask.
"Yes," Ning Xuyuan said with some disdain. "In fact, there is a public area where they can fight. They can even kill each other. However, the Voodoo Bear Tribe and the Human Ox Tribe are timid. They have been fighting like this for a long time. You will get used to it."
After traveling for another five hundred miles to the north, the relief carvings on the ground began to reveal stone-like patterns. Most of these stones were slender and long, looking like thick trees that were growing into the sky.
"We've arrived at the Stone Forest!" Gan Gaohan stopped and looked around.
Whether it was the light stone, the heavy stone, or the scroll sealing stone, they were all found in the stone forest.
The Stone Forest could be seen as a giant mine that all races could enter. Many creatures of different races would search the Stone Forest all year round.
Light stones were very common in the Stone Forest, so they were the most valuable. Heavy stones were much rarer.
However, there weren't many who had the strength to enter the Immortal Picture Scroll. Those Nirvana Realm creatures that were born in the 32 Heavens didn't cultivate the Saint Soul Realm or the Body of Eternity. If they wanted to enter the first scroll of the Immortal Picture Scroll, they still had to return to the 29 Heavens and 31 Heavens.
Therefore, although heavy stones were rare, the demand wasn't high and it wasn't difficult to obtain.
The most difficult thing to obtain was the "scroll sealing stone". As the name suggested, the scroll sealing stone could completely seal an area for a period of time. During the sealing process, creatures inside and outside the area couldn't enter or leave.
This way, they could protect themselves and also prevent others from leaving.
However, the scroll sealing stone was too rare. Donghuang had been operating for so long and had sent many Saint Souls to search the Stone Forest, but he had only obtained two scroll sealing stones.
In fact, this time when the Tai Yi Heaven Palace fought against the You Xiong Clan and the Divine Farmer Clan, they should have known that Genryū wouldn't let it go.
At such a sensitive time, they had to be careful when searching for heavy stones.
If they had used the scroll sealing stone, they wouldn't have been trapped by those ferocious creatures.
When Gan Gaohan was still trying to determine which area Lin Zhanting was trapped in, Ning Xuyuan suddenly patted his shoulder and said, "Brother Gan, to the left!"
Everyone looked to the left and saw a person standing not far away. It was a powerhouse of the Saint Soul Stage. On the surface of his Saint Soul, there were traces of green flames moving around. It seemed that he was similar to the people of Jinwu, as they both had a fire-type bloodline.
Behind this powerhouse of the Saint Soul Stage, there was a large group of ferocious Nirvana Realm creatures.
"Brother Gan, long time no see." The powerhouse of the Saint Soul Stage sneered. His voice was dragged out, and there was a hint of mockery in it.
"Fire Envoy," Gan Gaohan stared coldly at the Saint Soul and said, "You came to the Stone Forest with such fanfare. Are you here to dig for light stones?"
"Yes or no, brother Gan can't control that, right?" The Fire Envoy laughed and said, "However, I'm afraid that some fellows who are digging for heavy stones will never come out again, heh heh heh …"
As he spoke, the Fire Envoy pointed at the ground in front of him.
Inside the Stone Forest on the ground, one could see that there were 11 people retreating to a corner. These 11 people were naturally Lin Zhanting and his group, who were helping Luo Zheng to find heavy stones. On the screen, Lin Zhanting and his group were guarding a corner, and in front of them, there were many huge ghosts floating.
Cicadas.
Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and the others all looked over. When they saw that Lin Zhanting was still guarding, their worries were slightly relieved. At least they were still alive …
However, at this moment, the layer of white light in the distance swept over again.
When the white light swept across the bronze ground, the reliefs on the ground were refreshed again!
In the Stone Forest, Lin Zhanting and his group retreated again. Now, there were only six people left …
In one hour, five people had already died!
Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan's faces twitched violently.
In the battle between the Heavenly Palace and the Golden Crow clan, they had lost quite a few Saint Soul experts. All the mountain lords of the seven mountains had died, so every single Saint Soul expert that died was an unacceptable loss to the Heavenly Palace.
"Splitting Crane Race, listen to my orders! Ice Spirit Race, listen to my orders! Green Spirit Race, listen to my orders! Just kill all those Saint Souls! "

Chapter 3378
The Nirvana Realm creatures brought by Huo Xing weren't in the Immortal Realm, not even the Body of Eternity.
However, as creatures from Pingyi Heaven, they weren't weak. At least, they could put a lot of pressure on the Holy Soul Realm.
The ghost cicadas sent out earlier already made Lin Zhanting and the rest struggle. With the addition of these three Nirvana Realm creatures, the Holy Soul Realm creatures in the stone forest would definitely die …
As these Nirvana Realm creatures kept pouring into the white whirlpool, Huo Xing's gaze fell on Luo Zheng.
The reason why Huo Xing appeared here was naturally for Luo Zheng. He was under the orders of the Primordial Spirit Clan.
However, what Huo Xing didn't understand was that Genryū only sent out the Cracking Crane Clan, Ice Monkey Clan, and Green Spirit Clan. These three clans belonged to the second tier of the Nirvana Realm creatures in the 32 Levels of Heaven.
According to the previous information, Luo Zheng even killed the Xuanwu Blood Spirit in the Nirvana Realm. These three clans weren't enough for Luo Zheng. Therefore, Huo Xing was confused. He didn't know what Genryū was planning.
Actually, Huo Xing had already mentioned this when Ji Xuanyuan ordered him to do it in the mother world. However, Ji Xuanyuan didn't explain anything. He just asked him to do as he was told …
Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan watched as the Nirvana Realm creatures kept pouring into the whirlpool. They were also very hesitant.
They knew that Huo Xing's target wasn't Lin Zhanting, but Luo Zheng.
Now that Gan Gaohan and the rest had entered, they definitely couldn't save Lin Zhanting. If Luo Zheng made a move, he should be able to wipe out these Nirvana Realm creatures. However, they had to be wary of their cunning.
Just as Gan Gaohan was hesitating, Luo Zheng turned to Li Bianxue and extended his hand, "Give me the Celestial Spear."
Li Bianxue hesitated for a moment. She gently flipped her hand and a spear appeared from the Sumeru Space. The end of the spear landed firmly in Luo Zheng's hand.
"Luo Zheng, are you really going in …" Gan Gaohan wanted to dissuade him, but he didn't want to watch Lin Zhanting and the rest get killed.
"It's impossible for me to watch them die. Not to mention that it was Senior Lin Zhanting who brought me to the Heavenly Palace back then, they're looking for heavy stones today because of me. How can I stand by and watch?"
After saying that, Luo Zheng walked to the front of Huo Xing. He suddenly spun the Heavenly Spear in his hand like a wheel and pointed it at Huo Xing, "Huo Xing, you've been famous for a long time. Do you have the guts to follow me?"
Huo Xing didn't expect that Luo Zheng would suddenly point at him and make things difficult for him. He immediately looked embarrassed.
But in the face of a junior's provocation, he didn't say a single word.
Luo Zheng didn't expect any response from Huo Xing. He directly jumped into the whirlpool.
"Whoosh —"
Luo Zheng plunged into the stone forest with the Heavenly Spear in his hand.
After entering the stone forest, the Cracking Crane Clan, the Ice Python Clan, and the Green Spirit Clan gathered towards the north.
The three clans didn't have a high status in the 32 Levels of Heaven, so they could only choose to rely on Genryū. Even Genryū didn't pay much attention to them.
This time, the clan leaders of the three clans were very happy to receive Genryū's personal orders.
The only flaw was that Genryū only asked them to encircle and kill some Saint Souls …
These Saint Souls weren't weak. Although they were only souls, their strength was enough to fight against ordinary Nirvana Realm beings. But asking the three Nirvana Realm clans to take action was making a mountain out of a molehill.
"It's just a few Saint Souls. Our Ice Python Clan can take care of them. You two clans should just rest here!"
"Humph! I'll take care of them myself! "
"The prey belongs to whoever catches it!"
The clansmen of the three clans rushed towards the north.
The stone forest's landscape was very strange. There were huge stone pillars everywhere.
The path between the stone pillars was littered with ghost cicada corpses. In some places, the ghost cicada corpses were piled up into small mountains. One could imagine how fierce the battle had been.
Behind the two huge stone pillars in the north was a valley that was easy to defend but difficult to attack.
Five Saint Soul Realm experts from the Heaven Palace were hiding there. In front of them stood a giant ape that was thirty meters tall.
This giant ape was Lin Zhanting. Any ghost cicada that tried to charge in would be torn to shreds by this giant ape!
The fact that the eleven people from the Heavenly Palace were still alive was all thanks to Lin Zhanting.
"There are too few ghost cicadas!"
"Great! As long as we kill these ghost cicadas, we can leave this damned place! "
"Brother Zhanting, it's all thanks to you!"
The Saint Soul Realm experts also attacked from behind Lin Zhanting, but the number of ghost cicadas they killed wasn't the same as Lin Zhanting's.
Lin Zhanting roared in response.
If their opponents were only ghost cicadas, they would be lucky to survive this time.
But would things really develop in the direction they expected?
When the last wave of ghost cicadas surged over and were completely crushed by Lin Zhanting, he suddenly heard a series of messy footsteps. Then, he saw a group of Nirvana Realm beings rushing over like a tide.
When Lin Zhanting saw these Nirvana Realm beings, he suddenly deflated like a balloon. His will to fight quickly dissipated.
He knew very well that he couldn't defeat these Nirvana Realm beings. The others probably felt the same way. They were all going to die here.
"Buzz!"
As the green light on the surface of the giant ape flashed, it kept shrinking until it finally returned to Lin Zhanting's original size.
Lin Zhanting flipped his hand, and a black round stone appeared in his hand. It was a heavy stone.
His luck in the stone forest this time was quite good. It didn't take long for him to find this heavy stone.
"What a pity …"
Lin Zhanting suddenly raised his hand, intending to throw this heavy stone out.
At this moment, a series of chaotic sounds suddenly came from not far away.
Behind the Nirvana Realm beings who were rushing over, there were suddenly sounds of heavy objects hitting each other. Then, broken limbs were constantly flying in the air, accompanied by blood splattering everywhere and ghostly wails and howls.
"Pa pa pa pa …"
A Celestial Spear was spinning in Luo Zheng's hand.
In his eyes, these Nirvana Realm beings were just insignificant minions.
He had only extracted the power of 50,000 Godly Jun, and it was far from what these Nirvana Realm beings could resist.
The long spear spiraled like a wheel. The slightest touch would result in either death or injury.
Luo Zheng killed all the way in this narrow path. After he had crushed the last Nirvana Realm being into pieces, he appeared in front of Lin Zhanting and the others. His body was bathed in several colors of blood, as if he was smeared with a layer of paint.
Lin Zhanting and the others stood not far away, staring blankly at Luo Zheng who had killed his way in.

Chapter 3379
Although Lin Zhanting guessed that this person was Luo Zheng, he stood rooted to the ground, not daring to go forward to acknowledge him.
Luo Zheng took a few steps forward, then cupped his hands towards Lin Zhanting and said, "Senior Lin, Luo Zheng is late!"
"It's really Luo Zheng!"
"We're finally saved …"
"I thought I was dead for sure."
Only then did the Saint Soul experts let out deep sighs of relief.
Lin Zhanting also smiled and bowed deeply towards Luo Zheng. "Fortunately, you came in time. I'm very grateful."
Luo Zheng quickly went forward to support Lin Zhanting, then said, "Senior Lin took such a huge risk to help me find the gravstones. Luo Zheng should be the one thanking you."
Lin Zhanting shook his head and smiled. "The Heavenly Palace owes you too much. Even the Taiyi Mountain owes you a lot. However, at this point, there's not much we can do to help you. We can only do what we can."
After Lin Zhanting finished speaking, he flipped his hand and handed a round stone to Luo Zheng.
"Gravstones?"
Luo Zheng reached out and took the round stone.
"Yes," Lin Zhanting said. "When the time comes, you can enter the Immortal Painting with the gravstones. However, your Sun Soul … needs to come up."
Entering the Immortal Painting required the fusion of soul and body. Luo Zheng's Sun Soul was still in the Lower Heaven.
However, the road from Yu Sheng-tian to Pingyi Heaven was quickly opened up by Luo Zheng. Naturally, his Sun Soul could enter Pingyi Heaven without any obstructions.
Huo Zheng, Gan Gaohan, and the rest stood on the bronze ground and waited quietly. They did not bother with each other. An hour later, a white flash swept across the entire bronze ground, and the appearance of the bronze ground immediately changed.
Gan Gaohan and the rest were slightly nervous. When the image of the stone forest appeared, they also heaved a sigh of relief.
The relief sculptures did not show the figures of the Nirvana Realm races, but there were many broken limbs. Although the image was very small, it could be distinguished if one looked carefully.
When Huo Zheng saw this, he only smiled faintly, turned around, and floated away.
Gan Gaohan looked at Huo Zheng's back and fell into deep thought.
He was originally afraid that there would be other traps in the stone forest.
From the looks of it, Genryū didn't have such an arrangement.
But what did Huo Xing's actions mean? Was he encouraging the Cracking Crane Clan, the Ice Monkey Clan, and the Green Spirit Clan to come to their deaths?
These three clans didn't even have a single Immortal Realm expert. Although they were the weaker Nirvana Realm clans, Genryū wouldn't risk their lives.
While he was deep in thought, a white vortex appeared beside him, and Luo Zheng, Lin Zhanting, and the others walked out in a single file.
"Brother Lin," Gan Gaohan and the others greeted Lin Zhanting.
Lin Zhanting also bowed. His gaze also looked at Huo Xing who was quickly disappearing into the distance. However, he said, "Brother Gan, today's matter is very abnormal!"
"It's indeed very abnormal." Ning Xuyuan also nodded. "It's not just what happened today. Didn't you notice? Genryū's series of methods against Luo Zheng are somewhat abnormal … "
Just as Ning Xuyuan said this, Luo Zheng's heart jolted slightly.
If Genryū was truly in a rush to obtain the Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit and wanted to prevent Luo Zheng from entering the 33 Heavens, he should have gathered all his forces to deal a fatal blow to Luo Zheng. He should have even sent Ji Xuanyuan, Shennong, and the Primal Chaos Ancient Gods behind them to act personally.
But Genryū had been biding his time in the Mother World. And the few times he targeted Luo Zheng in the Nirvana Realm, he was always lacking by a single breath. Hence, he didn't use his full strength.
This time, he was even more perfunctory. No matter how one looked at it, it felt abnormal.
"What is their goal?" Gan Gaohan frowned.
Luo Zheng shook his head, "I'm afraid only Genryū knows about this."
"No matter what they are planning, Zheng 'er has already obtained the Weighty Stone. He will soon reach the Undying Realm!" Gan Gaohan's voice carried a strand of heroism.
Luo Zheng had 18 inscriptions on his body. As long as he entered the painting and became a person within, reaching the Undying Realm would be a certainty. With his current strength, he could kill the Blood Spirit Black Tortoise. After reaching the Undying Realm, he would naturally be able to save Donghuang and Elder Ying …
…
After Huo Xing left, he traversed several hundred kilometers on the bronze ground.
Finally, he stopped in front of a peculiar relief sculpture. This relief sculpture depicted an enormous ring-shaped building. Above the building, there was a circle of blood red covering it.
This was the headquarters of Genryū in the Flat Flick Sky, the Blood Parliament.
Huo Xing took out the light stone. After tapping it lightly on the ground, he stepped into the white maelstrom and entered this world.
With Huo Xing's status and identity, he wasn't qualified to enter the Blood Parliament. Only Ji Xuanyuan and Lie Shan Clan's Shennong could enter the Blood Parliament.
After Huo Xing informed a Moon Fire Slave of what happened, he sent the Moon Fire Slave to convey the message.
Not long after …
In the depths of the Blood Parliament, a small sphere appeared in a space formed purely of elemental energy. A speck of fire floated within the sphere.
"Hum!"
As the fire continued to bloom, it finally took the form of a human female.
The Elemental Spirits were ever-changing. As long as they wanted to, they could take on any form.
In the past, Genryū had required them to maintain a unique form and were forbidden from taking the form of other living beings. However, after a long period of time, such restrictions were lifted. More and more Genryū began to take on specific forms, and many of them preferred to take human form.
。
This Genryū was one of them. Her form was somewhat similar to Nuwa's, but she wasn't as wise and intelligent as Nuwa. Instead, she was more playful and cute.
"Lei Sha, why have you summoned me?"
She floated within the sphere and looked up at the space above.
At the top of this space was a huge circular mirror. Another member of the Essence Spirit Race appeared in the mirror. It was a lightning spirit.
"Huo, I've heard the reports. What have you been doing recently?" Lei Sha asked angrily.
Ah Huo's eyes blinked and revealed a mischievous look. "Carrying out the mission given to me by Mu Ling!"
"Mu Ling told you to kill that brat!" Lei Sha was clearly furious.
Some trouble had occurred in the Thirty-Three Layers of Heaven recently. Even Genryū had to deal with it carefully, so he left all matters of the Thirty-Three Layers of Heaven to Huo.
When Lei Sha received a series of reports of failure, he was naturally furious.
Such a powerful Genryū couldn't even take care of a human who hadn't reached the Immortal Realm?
"Mu Ling doesn't really want to kill him," Huo answered seriously.
"You're talking nonsense!" Lei Sha's emotions fluctuated violently. Terrifying lightning energy stirred restlessly within his sphere, as if it was about to explode.

Chapter 3380
When they were in the 13th Layer of Heaven, Feng Ge had returned all the things in her Sumeru Space to Luo Zheng.
Later, when they entered the Dark Domain in the 14th Layer of Heaven, Luo Zheng had returned two candles to her.
At that time, Feng Ge had become a Pure Witch and could skillfully use the Infinite Heavenly Light, so she didn't need the candles. However, Luo Zheng had asked her to keep them as backup, so she didn't think much and put them away.
But in the Dark Domain of the 14th Layer of Heaven, the candles were useless.
Now that Feng Ge suddenly remembered this, she gently raised her right hand, and a blue square box flickered, and a candle slid out of the Sumeru Space.
"Feng!"
The flame in her hand gently swept over the candle, and the candle was lit.
This "Soul Candle" was very special. Once it was lit, it was very difficult to extinguish, even if it was placed in the Sea of True Meaning!
The moment the candle was lit, Feng Ge's arm suddenly raised, and she threw the lit candle upwards.
The strength of Feng Ge's body was not weak. She could easily throw it thousands of feet high, let alone thousands of feet high.
"Wu?"
A strange sound came from the soul cloud, and the giant hand pinching Feng Ge suddenly exerted force. Under the pressure, Feng Ge let out a scream and almost fainted.
It was also because Luo Zheng had let her refine a considerable amount of Qi Dipper Jade. Otherwise, the body of a Pure Witch from the 13th Layer of Heaven would have been crushed to pieces.
Another giant hand reached out from the soul cloud and grabbed at the candle that was flying away. The speed of the giant hand was not slow at all.
"No!"
Feng Ge felt as if all the bones in his body had been shattered. Although this body was a set of 'armor', it carried Feng Ge's soul, so the perception within the body was naturally transmitted with incomparable clarity. One could imagine the pain of having all the bones in his body shattered.
But she still stared at the candle …
"Oh no!"
After seeing the candle, Luo Zheng's eyes flashed with a glimmer of light.
However, when he saw the giant hand reaching for the candle, his heart sank.
However, in that instant, Luo Zheng had already made his decision!
"Sou!"
He leaped down from the ladder.
At this time, the giant hand and the candle had already climbed to a height of about three thousand feet. They were not far from the small house with the pointed roof. Luo Zheng flew down and grabbed the candle in his hand. At the same time, he stepped on the back of the giant hand with the tip of his foot.
Once again, Luo Zheng flipped over and jumped up. With the help of this bouncing force, he once again returned to the ladder. Then, using both his hands and feet, he quickly climbed towards the door of the small house with a pointed roof.
"Wu wu!"
A furious roar came from the soul cloud.
That pair of deep blue eyes emitted an overwhelming amount of anger.
In the entire Soul City, all the souls and Sun Souls were trembling. In the face of such anger, they had no ability to resist at all. They were scared out of their wits.
The giant hand that reached out grabbed Luo Zheng.
Just as the giant hand was about to crush Luo Zheng, Luo Zheng's hand suddenly exploded with soul power. He rushed up the ladder for a distance and rolled directly into the small house with a pointed roof.
The monster in the soul cloud seemed to be unwilling to give up. It continued to extend its giant hand, trying to pull Luo Zheng out of the small house with a pointed roof.
But just as the giant hand reached the door of the small house with a pointed roof, an invisible barrier blocked it outside.
"Peng!"
"Peng!"
"Peng!"
The giant hand smashed the door of the small house with a pointed roof three times. The invisible barrier did not change at all. Finally, it reluctantly retreated.
Luo Zheng did not have time to worry about the giant hand outside. He turned the candle around and pointed it at the mouth of the golden pot.
"Buzz …"
The mouth of the golden pot lit up with a wisp of flame. The candlelight in the small house with a pointed roof shone again.
"Wu …"
In the soul cloud, the pair of dark blue eyes revealed a trace of depression. Then, the eyes gradually closed. The giant hand that grabbed Feng Ge released and quickly retreated into the soul cloud.
Those pale golden souls also went straight to the soul cloud, while the other souls entered the walls and ground.
"Rumble …"
The door of Soul City slowly opened.
The Sun Souls from the various clans from the Mother World heaved a deep sigh of relief.
No matter what, the door of Soul City was open …
When the door opened, Soul City was very safe. Nothing had happened for countless years.
But these Sun Souls were also traumatized. They all rushed out of the door of Soul City.
"His Highness Feng Ge!"
Li Bianxue, Liu Hen, Qin Hua, and the others went straight to Feng Ge.
Li Bianxue bent down to check and breathed a sigh of relief. "His Highness Feng Ge just fainted. It's nothing serious. Let's move him out of Soul City first!"
Her words were naturally for Luo Zheng to hear.
In fact, everyone understood that the chaos in Soul City was 99% caused by Luo Zheng.
Li Bianxue didn't know what Luo Zheng had found up there, but as a member of the Heavenly Palace, she naturally stood on Luo Zheng's side. Moreover, after Soul City closed, many Sun Souls in the Heavenly Palace were luckier. Other than Feng Ge who was injured, the other Sun Souls didn't die.
So …
She naturally hoped that Luo Zheng could explore the top of Soul City and not run down directly because he was worried about Feng Ge.
Li Bianxue's voice came from below. Luo Zheng heaved a deep sigh of relief.
If Feng Ge died because of his mistake, how could he feel at ease?
He stood in the small house with a pointed roof, holding the golden pot and sizing it up.
The table and carpet in the small house with a pointed roof had already turned into ashes. At a glance, there was nothing special left. Only the golden pot in his hand was left …
"Is this golden pot the key to controlling Soul City?" Luo Zheng asked with some disappointment.
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin was very calm.
Although he was full of expectations for the small house with a pointed roof, he also understood that this was normal.
In fact, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin had explored similar ruins several times.
For example, the "end of the Heavenly Cloud Waterway" in the Thirty-second Heaven, or the Gray House in the Thirty-third Heaven. Those things couldn't have been built by Genryū, and the Nirvana civilization didn't have the ability to do so. They could only have been left behind by the Cha Na civilization.
However, the Cha Na civilization didn't seem to have any thoughts or emotions. They wouldn't leave any traces or information in the ruins. This was somewhat abnormal …
Many civilizations that entered the Nirvana Realm were very disappointed in the Nirvana Realm after a period of time. They would also eliminate all living beings in the civilization, which was collective suicide.
But before they died, they would build temples, leave messages, and so on — this was proof that the civilization had existed.

Chapter 3381
After Yuanshi Tianzun came up with this conclusion, Nuwa, Fuxi, and the others also agreed.
In terms of clues, the Cha Na civilization seemed stingy and arrogant.
As for the reason, Yuanshi Tianzun and the others also made many speculations.
Nuwa thought the reason was very simple. The Cha Na civilization was too powerful. In the eyes of the Cha Na civilization, the dominator civilizations were as weak and laughable as insects.
Who would leave clues for the insects?
Nuwa's speculation was simple and crude, but not many people agreed.
The reason was very simple. If the Cha Na civilization really looked down on the "insects" that came later, the dominator civilizations would not have come up with all kinds of complicated rules in the Nirvana Realm.
For example, the suppression of each level of the Nirvana Realm was different. If this rule was removed, the Elemental Spirit civilization would probably dominate the entire Nirvana Realm. The latecomers would have no chance at all!
Another example was the Soul City, the Land of Bones, the picture scroll, and so on. Such deliberate and meticulous arrangements were obviously for the advancement of the latecomers.
Naturally, such a meticulous and painstaking plan would not be seen as an insect …
There was always endless debate about the unknown. Moreover, everyone's hypotheses could not be proven. So until today, no matter if it was the human race, Genryū, or the Wu Kong race, they had not figured out the attitude of the Cha Na civilization …
"The key to the gate of the Soul City is placed in this small house with a pointed roof. Of course, it's normal," Yuanshi Tianzun said with a smile.
Luo Zheng looked at the golden pot carefully and suddenly reached out to extinguish the flame at the mouth of the pot.
"Rumble …"
The gate of the Soul City began to close again.
At the same time, the souls began to float around again, as if a feast was about to begin.
"Ah, why did it close again!"
"Luo Zheng hasn't come out yet!"
"Fortunately, we came out …"
Li Bianxue and the others outside the Soul City saw that the gate was about to close again, and their hearts could not help but twitch.
Seeing that the ghosts were about to dance in the Soul City again, Luo Zheng held the candle and gently touched the mouth of the pot again. A faint flame ignited again, and the souls returned to the wall again. The gate slowly opened again …
Ignite …
Extinguish …
Ignite …
Extinguish …
After Luo Zheng repeated this several times, it finally caused a strong dissatisfaction.
The ghostly spirits in the walls roared angrily, and the pair of blue eyes that had been immersed in the darkness reappeared. "Wuwuwuwu …" It was unknown what they were saying, but judging from their tone, they should be accusing Luo Zheng of messing around.
"Luo Zheng, what are you doing?"
Even the Primeval Lord of Heaven was confused.
Luo Zheng curled his lips unwillingly and said, "This golden pot must be lit in order to open the city gate, and the city gate only opens every sixty-two hours. In other words, someone must light this pot every sixty-two hours …"
This was a very simple logic. Perhaps it had been too long since the Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning had not thought of it.
"The ground, the door, and the table in this room can't be touched," Luo Zheng added.
After Luo Zheng reached the Holy Soul Realm, his soul had a physical body, just like his body. With a light touch, the things in the room were annihilated. This meant that no one had touched those things before Luo Zheng.
"This means that the 'person' who lit up the golden pot came from above," Luo Zheng raised his head and said.
There was nothing above his head. The whole interior of the room was piled up with fist-sized stones.
After staring for a while, Luo Zheng suddenly jumped up and stuck his fingers into the cracks of the stones to fix himself on it. At the same time, he raised the golden pot in his hand and shone it at the stones.
Under the illumination of the golden pot's flames, the stones began to change color.
The originally grayish-white stones turned dark blue like the deep space, and the dark blue was dotted with colorful light spots, as if a colorful starry sky was unfolding above the steepled roof house.
"It's a painting. It's a fish. It's really mysterious …" Luo Zheng said with a smile.
The stones glowed with light. The light was not arranged in a meaningless manner. Some of the light formed lines that outlined a huge fish.
"That's not a fish. That's a Horned Kun, a Starry Sky Horned Kun!" The Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning said cautiously, and his voice even trembled. Obviously, he was more excited than Luo Zheng.
"What's a Starry Sky Horned Kun?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"It's a kind of Starry Sky Beast that flies above the 33rd Layer of Heaven," the Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning replied. "When the Horned Kun passes by, the whole starry sky will change with its appearance. It's a kind of gentle and beautiful creature."
After thinking for a while, Luo Zheng said, "But Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning, if the Nirvana Realm is a special space, this space is still in the Chaos. The 33rd Layer of Heaven is just the top of the Chaos. If you look outside, you should see a lid above your head.
Isn't that right? "
"Your inference is wrong," the Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning shook his head.
When Luo Zheng first told the Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning about King Wuyou, Jiang Ziya, and the Mysterious World, the Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning was not too surprised. The reason was that the Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning had seen the Mysterious World in the 33rd Layer of Heaven, because he could see it just by looking up!
The 33rd Layer of Heaven was different from the Jixu Space. The Jixu Space was separated by a "wall". Jiang Ziya spent a lot of time and effort to break the wall.
However, there was no "lid" at the top of the Sanqing Heaven. The brilliant light above was the starry sky, and the starry sky was the Mysterious World!
"Since there is no lid, why didn't the Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning go there?" Luo Zheng asked again.
The Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning had mentioned that the entrance to the Mysterious World also existed in the 33rd Layer of Heaven. However, the entrance was controlled by Genryū, so they had no chance to go there.
"Although the Mysterious World is right above your head, there is an invisible force field millions of miles above your head. The inner layer of this force field is unequal to the outer layer of the force field. Any matter that crosses this force field will be torn apart due to the strong unequal pressure," the Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning explained.
"This force field was discovered by Fuxi, so it was named the Fuxi Unequal Force Field. The entire force field covers the entire 33rd Layer of Heaven …"
"The only place that can cross this force field is the Path to Heaven. This path is naturally controlled by the Meta-Spirit Clan," the Heavenly Lord of Primeval Beginning said.
"I see." Luo Zheng nodded and stared at the wall.
There was a thin horn on the head of the Starry Sky Horn Kun, and a flame was drawn on the horn.
"Flame …"
"Golden Pot …"

Chapter 3382
After the Three-eyed Boy stepped forward, he kept staring at Luo Zheng.
Up until now, all the humans he had seen were Sun Souls. The only exception was the kid he met when he was sent to the 13th Heaven for training.
The Three-eyed Boy was highly respected in the Three-eyed Tribe. He was also the genius with the highest chance of reaching the Immortal Realm.
After discovering a large amount of Searing Crystal mines in the 13th Heaven, the Three-eyed Boy was sent to the 13th Heaven. On one hand, it was to fight for the mines. On the other hand, it was to train the Three-eyed Boy.
The competition in the 13th Heaven was very intense. Genryū and the Wu Kong Tribe both fought. Strictly speaking, the Three-eyed Tribe could not hold their ground in the 13th Heaven.
However, the Three-eyed Tribe had a good relationship with the giant ape in the 13th Heaven. After receiving help from the giant ape, they gained a huge advantage.
Faced with the combination of the Three-eyed Boy and the Giant Ape, the Elemental Spirit Clan and the Wu Kong Clan's clans in the Dark Domain had been retreating, especially the "black monkeys" that belonged to the Wu Kong Clan. Many of them had been slaughtered by the Three-eyed Boy and the Giant Ape.
The pig-faced monsters that belonged to Genryū placed their hopes on another method, which was to become Pure Ones.
At that time, there were no Pure Ones in the 13th Heaven's Tenebrous Realm. The pig-faced monsters could easily succeed. However, just as the pig-faced monster "Hu Yun" was about to succeed, Feng Ge interrupted and ruined everything.
After that, Feng Ge brought Luo Zheng out of the Tenebrous Realm. The Three-eyed Boy did not have the chance to meet them again.
Now that the Three-eyed Boy saw Luo Zheng in the 33rd Heaven, he felt a faint sense of familiarity.
However, after Luo Zheng passed through the Soul City and the Disgraced Bone Land, his entire aura changed drastically. The Three-eyed Boy could not be sure.
The leader of the Jiutian Tribe also noticed the Three-eyed Boy's abnormality. He asked, "Fei Yu, do you know this person?"
Fei Yu did not answer the leader's question. Instead, he asked, "Have you been to the 13th Heaven's Tenebrous Realm?"
Luo Zheng smiled and replied calmly, "Of course I have."
Fei Yu was stunned for a moment, then a smile appeared on his face, "Grandfather, I was seriously injured in the Thirteen Heavens, and it was this person who helped me heal! I didn't expect him to climb up to Ping Yi Heaven in such a short time! "
The reason why Fei Yu didn't dare to confirm at first was because climbing up from the 13th Layer of Heaven was too difficult.
Other than Fei Yu, who was born in the 32 Layered Heavens, he didn't believe that anyone could climb up so quickly!
The members of the Nine Heavens Clan were also startled. They stared at Luo Zheng cautiously, "As far as I know, Fei Yu, you went down for thirteen days, but it was only three years, right? Three years to climb from the thirteenth heaven to the thirty-second heaven? "
This speed truly shocked Clan Leader Jiutian.
"Brother Gan of the Heavenly Palace, did this person really only use three years?"
"This speed is comparable to a miracle …"
"It seems that an extraordinary figure has appeared in the Heavenly Palace this time!"
The other Three-eyed Tribesmen behind Clan Leader Jiutian said.
Although the Three-eyed Tribesmen couldn't be compared to monsters like Yuan Ling and Wu Kong, their status in the 32 Layered Heavens was much higher than the Heavenly Palace, and their strength was also much stronger.
The Heavenly Palace was able to safely exist in the 32 Layered Heavens because of the protection mechanism in Ping Yi Heaven. When the next Chaos Era came, just the Eastern Sovereign and Old Ying, two Immortal Realm experts, wouldn't be able to protect the Heavenly Palace's temple.
The experts of the Three-eyed Tribe didn't expect that such an extraordinary junior would appear in such a weak Heavenly Palace.
This kid's growth speed was much faster than the Eastern Sovereign's, right?
While the Three-eyed Tribesmen were still in shock, Fei Yu suddenly said, "Grandfather, it wasn't three years. I only met Luo Zheng two years after entering the 13th Layer of Heaven, and I was injured about a year ago."
The Three-eyed Tribesmen suddenly fell silent. They couldn't help but look at Luo Zheng again.
One year …
Where did this monster come from?
Although the Three-eyed Tribesmen maintained their silence, Gan Gaohan and the others were overjoyed.
One must know that the Heavenly Palace knew Luo Zheng very well. Luo Zheng's terrifying growth speed wasn't the only thing that was terrifying.
"It seems that Tai Yi Heavenly Palace has poured a lot of effort and resources into you, right?" Jiutian Clan Leader smiled.
Gan Gaohan wanted to deny it. After all, those resources were fought for by Luo Zheng himself, but Luo Zheng nodded and said, "Yes, I was able to reach Ping Yi Heaven so quickly because of the resources and support of the Heavenly Palace."
If it was to celebrate the strength of the entire tribe and give Luo Zheng a large amount of soul realm and Qi Dipper Jade, it was naturally possible.
After Luo Zheng was so frank, many experts of the Three-eyed Tribe also revealed an expression of "as expected". Such an explanation at least made them feel better.
"You disciples of the Heavenly Palace don't have a physical body, only a soul. It's not easy for someone to enter the Nirvana Realm with a physical body, so of course we'll do our best," Jiutian Clan Leader said with a smile. "My grandson obtained four Saint Soul Engravings a long time ago and five Tribulation Bone Engravings.
The person with the most Saint Soul Engravings will get a good ranking in the Immortal Painting Scroll. "
He changed the topic to his own family and forgot to ask how many Saint Soul Engravings Luo Zheng had obtained.
Fei Yu's child-like face was full of confidence. "Grandfather, this time I won't let you down."
Jiutian Clan Leader nodded. "You owe this little brother from Tai Yi Heavenly Palace a favor. After he enters the painting scroll, Fei Yu, you have to guide him."
"Of course!" Fei Yu smiled and nodded at Luo Zheng.
"Then thank you, Jiutian Clan Leader." Gan Gaohan calmly cupped his hands and thanked him.
Jiutian Clan Leader looked at Gan Gaohan strangely.
If it was in the past, the people of Tai Yi Heavenly Palace would be overjoyed to be taken care of by the Three-eyed Tribe.
But although Gan Gaohan expressed his gratitude, his tone was calm, as if he didn't need his grandson's help?
He must be thinking too much …
How could he know that although he was an extremely talented person with four Saint Soul Engravings and five Tribulation Bone Engravings, he was nothing compared to Luo Zheng. They weren't on the same level at all.
Next, Fei Yu and the other two members of the Three-eyed Tribe each found a piece of Sanqing Stone. After releasing light stones, they hung their Yang Soul and physical body inside.
For the creatures in the Nirvana Realm, their souls and physical bodies were one.
When they came out, two "Anchoring Bodies" appeared on both sides of each Sanqing Stone. One was naturally the physical body, and the other was the soul. If they could reach the Immortal Realm, a third "Anchoring Body" would appear.

Chapter 3383
After the Nirvana Realm races of the 32 Levels of Heaven showed themselves, Luo Zheng realized that there were so many races here.
After all, the former dominator-level civilizations would usually build their temples in the 32 Levels of Heaven.
For example, the Green Jade Civilization had also taken root in the 32 Levels of Heaven. However, they were unable to resist the Wu Kong Race's pursuit and had no choice but to enter the lower space and hide in the dark region of the 13th Level of Heaven.
In fact, the situation of the Human Race was similar to that of the Green Jade Civilization. The Human Race led by the Primeval Lord of Heaven was unable to resist Genryū and could only escape to the 33 Levels of Heaven. The other races hid in the Heaven-Splitting Temple of the 16th Level of Heaven.
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
In the distance, black cubes flew over like flying carpets. They stuck close to the bronze ground and flew over quickly.
Creatures that looked like "bamboo poles" jumped down from the top of the black cube. They were tall and had greenish-purple skin. They all had horse-like faces, and their every movement was filled with arrogance. After they lined up, three more people walked down from the black cube.
These three people had extraordinary auras. They were all Immortal Realm experts!
"What race is this? There are three Immortal Realm experts in their race …" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
"That's the Purple Cloud Race. They used to be one of the top five dominator-level civilizations," Gan Gaohan said softly. "However, they are now loyal to Genryū."
"The top five dominator-level civilizations are also loyal to Genryū …" Luo Zheng shook his head.
Although he already knew from the Primeval Lord of Heaven that in the 32 Levels of Heaven, other than a small number of races that believed in the Path of the End, such as the Three-Eyed Race, remained neutral, all the other Nirvana Realm races and dominator-level civilizations had joined the other two races. However, he still sighed when he saw it with his own eyes.
"The people of the Purple Cloud Race are all ungrateful people. Even though they have become Genryū's lackeys, they are still useless. After so many years, they have not improved at all." The Primeval Lord of Heaven's voice drifted out. His voice was filled with disdain.
Hearing Heavenly Primogenitor's words, Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly and asked, "Senior Heavenly Primogenitor, does the Purple Cloud Tribe have conflicts with the Human Tribe?"
"After the human race entered the 32nd heaven, under the leadership of the Human Ancestor, we were able to stand up to the Genryū. At that time, there were many Nirvana Realm races and civilizations that sought refuge with us. The Ziyun race was the 62nd civilization and was even older than the human race. They were also the most solid of the human race.
An ally. "The Primeval Lord of Heaven's thoughts drifted back to the past.
At that time, Flat Harmony Heaven was not as lifeless as it was now. Many Sovereign level civilizations rose and fell, one after the other, and the other stopped.
At that time, the human race was the banner of the Path of the End. Even though Chaos No. 77 had failed, the human race and the other Nirvana civilizations still unwaveringly supported the Path of the End …
When the Human Race was at its peak in Pingyi Tian, they even had a slight chance of overthrowing the Genryū. However, at the most crucial moment, they were betrayed by a few Sovereign Civilizations, and the Purple Cloud Race was one of them.
After the failure of the Human Race,
The Path of the End also gradually declined.
Now, the factions that supported the Path of the End either disappeared, chose to join the Yuan Ling and Wu Kong races, or were like the Three-Eyed Race, struggling at death's door and remaining neutral without doing anything.
"So the Purple Cloud Race and the human race had such a grudge," Luo Zheng muttered.
Thousands of chaos epochs. Too many things had happened in the long river of time.
At this moment, the Purple Cloud Race suddenly moved to the sides and enveloped a range of Three-Clarities Stones. At the same time, an Immortal Realm expert from the Purple Cloud Race said loudly, "All souls and bodies that are hanging on the Three-Clarities Stones in this area, withdraw!"
Before the Purple Cloud Race, several Nirvana Realm experts had already hung their souls and bodies inside, including Luo Zheng, Li Bianxue, and a few from the Three-Eyed Race.
Everyone was confused by the Purple Cloud Race's Immortal Realm expert's sudden request.
Clan Leader Jiutian glanced at the Purple Cloud Race's Immortal Realm expert and said unhappily, "One Three-Clarities Stone can enter the Immortal Painting. It doesn't matter which Three-Clarities Stone is used. Why do we have to withdraw?"
The Purple Cloud Race's Immortal Realm expert smiled sinisterly with his hands behind his back. "It doesn't matter which Three-Clarities Stone is used to enter the Immortal Painting. However, the Purple Cloud Race's Immortal Realm experts are anchored around this area. Outsiders can't enter!"
The Three-Clarities Stones on the ground and the "sculptures" around them were indeed slender and long bodies. They were undoubtedly from the Purple Cloud Race.
Even so, the Purple Cloud Race's actions were still unreasonable.
Even large clans like the Yuan Ling Clan and the Wu Kong Clan would casually choose a Three Clarities Stone. However, the Purple Cloud Clan was overbearing. Others had already hung their souls and bodies on it, but they actually wanted others to take it down.
"What if we don't withdraw?" Clan Leader Jiutian's eyes flashed with anger.
The Three-Eyed Boy Fei Yu and the other members of the Three-Eyed Race were also furious.
Another Purple Cloud Race's Immortal Realm expert chuckled and said, "I remember that the Three-Eyed Race shouldn't be able to withstand much trouble. If you don't want to withdraw, you can try!"
The Three-Eyed Race had the ability to protect themselves in Flat Sky. However, if the Purple Cloud Race targeted them, the Three-Eyed Race's days would be very difficult.
Hearing the Purple Cloud Race's blatant threat, the Three-Eyed Race's members were filled with grief and indignation. However, Fei Yu was very magnanimous. Instead, he persuaded, "Grandfather, it's fine if we withdraw. Just exchange it for a Three-Clarities Stone. We won't lose a piece of flesh!"
Under Fei Yu's persuasion, Clan Leader Jiutian had no choice but to agree. Fei Yu and the other two members of the Three-Eyed Race returned to the space inside the second half of the painting and withdrew their bodies.
The Three-Eyed Race chose to withdraw. The other small races couldn't afford to offend the Purple Cloud Race, so they also withdrew obediently. In the end, only Luo Zheng and Li Bianxue of the Human Race were left. One of them had his soul and the other had his body.
The Purple Cloud Race's Immortal Realm expert looked at the Three-Clarities Stone and noticed this. He turned around and stared at Gan Gaohan. He ordered, "What are you humans doing here? Hurry up and withdraw!"
Gan Gaohan and Ning Xuyuan were still thinking of a solution. Donghuang wasn't here, and they didn't want to offend these Nirvana races.
However, Luo Zheng was one step ahead of them and said, "What if we don't withdraw?"
The Purple Cloud Race's members didn't think that the weak Human Race would refuse. Especially the Human Race of this Round of Chaos. They couldn't even enter the Nirvana Realm with their bodies. They could only hang their souls there to gain some benefits. They were insignificant characters.

Chapter 3384
"The last time I came, I praised the ingenuity of the [Absolute Beginning] Nightmare Domain, but I didn't expect it to be destroyed in just a few years, sigh …" A trace of sadness appeared on Goddess Nuwa's beautiful face.
"It's just an illusion array, I can set it up at any time. Luo Zheng hasn't retreated from the other shore yet, I'll set one up now …" Fuxi continued Nuwa's words.
Gan Gaohan's eyes lit up, "If the Human Emperor is willing to set up an array, it would be the honor of my Greater One Heavenly Palace."
Nuwa inadvertently glared at Fuxi and said, "What the Heavenly Palace lacks is not a powerful array, but to resist the existence of the Immortal Realm. A single array won't help."
Fuxi was too embarrassed to show off after being glared at by Nuwa.
Nuwa was right, without the person in charge, no matter how powerful the array was, it was meaningless. At most, it could only delay the enemy's attack.
Just as they were talking, the voice of a guard suddenly came from the entrance of the First Dragon Palace, "Greater One Mountain's Luo Zheng, has arrived!"
When Luo Zheng entered the First Dragon Palace, everyone's eyes were focused on him.
For example, Qiu Yinhe, Old Hai and the others, when they saw Luo Zheng, they felt that Luo Zheng had undergone some fundamental changes.
His pair of bright eyes contained an incomparably vigorous aura. If one looked into his eyes, they would faintly feel a sense of thickness. Only after one's soul had made great progress would one have such a feeling of reverence.
"Luo Zheng, you've passed the trial of Soul City?" Qiu Yinhe couldn't help but ask.
He had thought that Luo Zheng would be able to step into the Land of Sword Grief in a few years …
But now, in such a short time, he had even passed the Soul City!
In theory, Luo Zheng's cultivation was on the same level as him!
"En," Luo Zheng nodded as he walked.
"So fast?"
"I remember that Luo Zheng had just entered the Eighteenth Heavenly Layer a few days ago, and now he's already reached the Saint Soul Realm?"
"That's impossible, right?"
Gan Gaohan also stared at Luo Zheng in disbelief. He didn't expect that just a few days ago, he and Luo Zheng had just discussed the matter of ascending to the Thirty-three Heavens, and now, he had already passed Soul City. This was too …
Concubine Yan, who was sitting on the far left, smiled faintly. "Feng Ge, that girl, didn't take the initiative to tell me!"
When the Heavenly Palace members learned that Luo Zheng had reached the Saint Soul Realm, they were both happy and disappointed.
After all, none of them were in the Holy Soul Realm. If a junior had caught up to them in just a few years, wouldn't it mean that they had wasted all these years?
"Luo Zheng greets Lady Nuwa and Your Majesty." Luo Zheng stepped forward and cupped his hands.
Fuxi snorted arrogantly. Nuwa smiled faintly and said, "How many times did Luo Zheng reach the Saint Soul Realm?"
Qiu Yinhe and the others had forgotten about this. If Luo Zheng had only taken four or five times to reach the Saint Soul Realm, then he would probably have set a record in the Mother World!
"Once," Luo Zheng replied.
Hearing Luo Zheng's answer, Concubine Yan's eyebrows suddenly raised. She knew that Donghuang had also taken more than ten times to reach the Saint Soul Realm.
The hearts of many experts in the Lineage Dragon Palace violently shrank.
Once?
Had anyone passed through Soul City in one go?
It seemed that it wasn't just this round of chaos. It had never existed before …
Even Fuxi looked at Luo Zheng as if he was looking at a monster. He stared at him and said, "Boy, you really reached the Saint Soul Realm in one go?"
Lady Nuwa was much calmer. She continued to ask, "How many Saint Soul Seals did you get?"
When Luo Zheng had obtained the Saint Soul Seals, many Sun Souls in Soul City had noticed. Those Sun Souls would definitely report it to their clans. This matter couldn't be kept a secret.
"Nine," Luo Zheng answered again.
The Lineage Dragon Palace was silent again. But soon, it became noisy.
"Luo Zheng, did you really get nine Saint Soul Seals?"
"I, I only have one …"
"Most of us don't have one!"
Among the many old ministers of Donghuang Taiyi, only Ning Xuyuan had one Saint Soul Seal. Because of this Saint Soul Seal, his soul was much stronger than other Saint Soul Realm experts!
Luo Zheng had nine Saint Soul Seals. How strong would he be?
"No one has ever obtained nine Saint Soul Seals. You're not bluffing, are you?" Fuxi said with his eyes wide open.
Lady Nuwa, who had been calm, also lost her composure. Then she said, "Zheng 'er, try releasing your soul pressure …"
She believed Luo Zheng, but she still wanted to see how strong the soul of a person with nine Saint Soul Seals was!
Luo Zheng had also just left the Paramita Realm. He felt an unprecedented sense of energy, but he didn't know how strong his Sun Soul was.
"Okay!"
Luo Zheng closed his eyes slightly and took a deep breath.
"Phew!"
The moment he exhaled, his eyes suddenly opened, and a terrifying soul aura burst out.
The nine Saint Soul Seals connected into a whole, constantly flowing inside his soul.
The soul aura quickly formed a terrifying pressure, filling the entire Lineage Dragon Palace!
Apart from Fuxi and Nuwa, all the experts of the Celestial Palace who were present felt the oppressive aura and found it hard to breathe.
"So, so strong!"
Qiu Yinhe was surprised and even smiled bitterly.
He had just thought that putting aside strength, Luo Zheng's cultivation was now on the same level as his. Now it seemed that he had thought too simply …
Outside the Lineage Dragon Palace, there were newly deployed guards, and their cultivation wasn't low.
When Luo Zheng's invisible soul pressure soared into the sky, the guards suddenly felt that there was an ancient ferocious beast in the Lineage Dragon Palace. They felt as if they had fallen into an ice cellar, and their legs went soft. One by one, they knelt on the ground, unable to move.
This soul pressure only lasted for a few breaths of time. Luo Zheng closed his eyes slightly and withdrew all his aura. When he opened his eyes again, they had returned to normal.
"I've never seen anyone with nine Saint Soul Seals, but Luo Zheng, your soul is already so powerful even before you enter the picture scroll. If you enter the picture scroll, your power will probably rise to another level. I'm looking forward to it," Lady Nuwa praised.
Fuxi didn't mock Luo Zheng, which was rare. His expression was even a little uncertain.
He had never been very convinced by Luo Zheng …
However, the gap between him and Luo Zheng was very big in the past. Who would have thought that this kid would catch up with him at such a speed?
Would he really surpass him in just a few days?
Fuxi couldn't accept this reality!
"I also hope to step into the 32 Layers of Heaven as soon as possible and become one of the people in the picture scroll," Luo Zheng said.
Lady Nuwa nodded slightly and said, "I heard that Luo Zheng once summoned the Eastern Emperor. Did you really find the Nirvana Human Tribe? Can you let me see? "

Chapter 3385
Luo Zheng was able to find the Heaven-splitting Divine Temple because of the Six-Vein Blood Fixing Seed.
However, the reason why Luo Zheng obtained this seed was to expand the bloodline of the Ancient Gods.
Even if Nuwa did not ask, Luo Zheng would take the initiative to report it.
"I did find them. I also found you, Goddess Nuwa," Luo Zheng replied.
Nuwa's eyes, which were filled with wisdom, revealed a trace of surprise.
When Gan Gaohan said that there was an identical Eastern Sovereign beside Luo Zheng, Nuwa felt a little strange. Could there be another Nuwa Original Sovereign? Because Gan Gaohan did not explain it clearly, Nuwa could only make a simple deduction.
Luo Zheng transmitted his voice into his inner world.
After a while, three faint figures appeared above Luo Zheng's head.
The two on the left and right were Nuwa and Fuxi, and the Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning was in the middle.
Nuwa and Nuwa's Original Sovereign looked at each other. She stared at this person whose aura, appearance, and demeanor were exactly the same as her, and her expression was rather strange.
Fuxi also frowned and stared at Fuxi's Original Sovereign.
The unique aura of freedom on his body could also be felt on Fuxi's Original Sovereign.
"You … are me?" Nuwa asked.
Nuwa nodded slightly and smiled. "Yes, I've heard of you. Li Shan was the leader of so many seeds that descended. You're very powerful …"
"Are you mocking yourself or praising me?" Nuwa smiled faintly.
"Both." Nuwa's Original Sovereign also smiled.
The two Nuwas seemed to get along very easily, but the two Fuxi stared at each other. There was an awkward atmosphere in this silence.
At this time, the Heavenly Lord of Primordial Beginning began to introduce himself and roughly explained the situation of the Nirvana Human Race to Nuwa.
When Fuxi heard that the Weapon of Civilization was carried by Luo Zheng, his expression became gloomy again.
In the current situation, Luo Zheng was becoming more and more important to the Human Race …
"I actually had a hunch when I planted these seeds," the Primeval Lord of Heaven said. "If not for the Elemental Spirit civilization's interference, we humans would have gained the absolute advantage. Unfortunately …"
It was also because of the loophole found by Corpses Yuan that they were able to spread the human race. Although the other races also took advantage of this loophole at that time, it was far less thorough than the Heavenly Lord of the Origin's plan.
Genryū's reaction was the slowest. However, this race made use of Shinnō, Ji Xuanyuan, and Di Jun at the most crucial moment. They had practically taken away half of the Human Race's territory.
With Genryū's help, this half of the world had the potential to become the overlord of the mother world.
Although Li Shan was not weak, now that the two powerhouses of the Heavenly Palace were also trapped in the Nirvana Realm, their overall strength was still lacking.
"We might still have a chance to turn this around," Fuxi suddenly said.
Yuanshi Tianzun, Nuwa's true body, and Fuxi's true body all stared at Fuxi. It seemed like Fuxi had discovered something very important.
"I came here this time to ask Luo Zheng for something," Fuxi continued.
Luo Zheng blinked his eyes. He asked with a puzzled look: "What do you want?"
"Those golden Chaotic Origin Spirits." Fuxi said.
When the golden Chaotic Origin Spirits were mentioned, Luo Zheng's eyebrows abruptly rose.
That time when Luo Zheng saw those golden Chaotic Origin Spirits, he was filled with anticipation. But no matter how he pondered, he could not figure out the uses of these things. It seemed like they could not be used to strengthen his body …
For the sake of figuring out the uses of these things, Luo Zheng even left some for Luo Yan. He then asked: "Senior Fuxi, have you figured out how to absorb those golden Chaotic Origin Spirits?"
Fuxi rolled his eyes at Luo Zheng, "You want to absorb everything? Those golden Chaotic Origin Spirits are not meant to strengthen your body. Instead, they are meant to be used together with the Ring of Descent."
"Ring of Descent?"
When Fuxi said this, Heavenly Lord of Primordial Origin, Nuwa's true body, and the others revealed strange expressions.
The crystallization of the Chaotic Origin Spirits after they descended could greatly strengthen the Nirvana Realm experts. This was the information Nuwa obtained from the Six Marked Blood Steadying Tree. And this information was indeed passed down by Heavenly Lord of Primordial Origin.
But the "Ring of Descent" and the golden Chaotic Origin Spirits produced within the Chaotic Origin Spirits were unknown to the Nirvana Realm experts led by Heavenly Lord of Primordial Origin.
When Empress Nuwa saw that Heavenly Lord of Primordial Origin was puzzled, she asked: "Senior Heavenly Lord of Primordial Origin does not seem to be aware of this. That Chaotic Origin Sea had once experienced an unforeseen event. Genryū had once used some methods to interfere with the Chaotic Origin Spirits.
Six of them landed in the hands of Shennong, three landed in the hands of Black Ship, and the other three landed in the hands of Emperor Xi. It's just that … "
Following that, Nuwa explained her understanding of the Ring of Descent and the golden Chaotic Origin Spirits.
After Nuwa finished speaking, the eyes of Nuwa's true body, Fuxi's true body, and Heavenly Lord of Primordial Origin seemed to be inlaid with starlight.
Seeing the eyes of the three, Nuwa was stunned for a moment. She had neglected the desire of the Nirvana Realm experts to descend …
The Nirvana Realm experts could not descend from the Nirvana Realm. This was an iron law that had existed since the beginning of the Elemental Spirit Civilization. No one had ever broken it.
To a certain extent, it meant that the Truth could not be violated.
When Heavenly Lord of Primordial Origin heard this news, he could only be described as astonished. At the same time, he asked: "These rings are the Ring of Descent? Have there been any Nirvana Realm experts who relied on them to descend? "
"Yes." Fuxi nodded, "Previously, Shennong had attempted to descend the Moon Fire Slaves. But the Moon Fire Slaves that descended were erased by the Truth."
Through the memories of Lei Xiao, he saw the scene of the Moon Fire Slaves descending.
"Erased by the Truth …" Heavenly Lord of Primordial Origin frowned, "This means that the restriction has yet to be removed."
Actually, the biggest problem for the Nirvana Realm experts to leave the Nirvana Realm was not the "descent" itself. Heavenly Lord of Primordial Origin had once grasped several opportunities and loopholes in the Nirvana Realm, allowing him to descend.
But no matter what he "descended", the outcome would be erased by the Truth. Such a descent was meaningless.
After that, there was once when Heavenly Lord of Primordial Origin found a loophole and no longer attempted to "descend". Instead, he spread the seeds of the Human Race. That was how Li Mountain, Heavenly Palace, You Xiong, and the Divine Farmer Clan came to be …
"The reason why they were erased by the Truth should be due to the lack of the Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit in Luo Zheng's hands." Fuxi added: "If the Ring of Descent was used together with the Golden Chaotic Origin Spirit, it should be able to avoid being erased by the Truth and complete the true descent."
Luo Zheng waved his hand lightly, causing a scarlet-gold Chaotic Origin Spirit to appear in his hand. He said with astonishment: "I have never thought that these Chaotic Origin Spirits have such an effect …"

Chapter 3386
The Three-Eyed Race was also shocked when they saw the blood-red ball flying towards them.
Other than the Nirvana Realm races that submitted to the Wu Kong Clan, the other Nirvana Realm races didn't want to have anything to do with the Wu Kong Clan.
When the blood-red ball stopped in front of Luo Zheng, the people of the Three-Eyed Race heaved a sigh of relief.
At the same time, Clan Leader Jiutian and Fei Yu were even more confused.
Even though the opening of the Immortal Painting Scroll was a big day, Genryū and the Wu Kong Clan wouldn't show up.
Now that the Wu Kong Clan suddenly appeared, they actually came for Luo Zheng?
"You're Luo Zheng?"
Fairy Yun Xiao's cold voice was transmitted from the blood-red ball at the front. A graceful silhouette could be faintly seen in the ball.
Luo Zheng frowned. "Yes, what's the matter?"
Last time at the Splitting Heaven Temple, Luo Zheng suffered a lot when facing the Wu Kong Clan. Naturally, he didn't have a good tone.
Since the other party came for him directly, they must have confirmed his identity. Luo Zheng didn't deny it.
"Someone wants to see you."
After Fairy Yun Xiao finished speaking, the blood-red ball floated to the side.
The blood-red ball behind Fairy Yun Xiao slowly floated in front of Luo Zheng. A human silhouette slowly appeared in the ball.
After a while, a black-haired man came out of the blood-red ball.
The black-haired man had his usual evil smile on his face. He let out a low laugh. "Have you ever thought that you would see me here?"
The black-haired man was Evil Deities without a doubt.
The moment Evil Deities appeared, the many Saint Soul Realms behind Luo Zheng were shocked.
For example, Qiu Yinhe had seen Evil Deities before. He also knew the identity of Evil Deities.
This guy should have been swallowed by Luo Zheng. How could he still be alive and become a member of the Wu Kong Clan?
What puzzled them the most was that they could see the details of Evil Deities' entire face and body clearly. He was different from Luo Zheng who had entered the Nirvana Realm. He was actually a Nirvana Realm creature!
Luo Zheng wasn't surprised by the appearance of the Evil Deities, but after seeing the appearance of the Evil Deities, his eyes were filled with surprise. "I thought you would become a member of the Wu Kong Clan, but I didn't expect you to have a physical body in the Nirvana Realm."
… "
"Hehehe …"
The Evil God let out a series of deep laughter.
He gently stroked his body with both hands and looked satisfied. "I don't just have a physical body. I have completely become a Nirvana Realm creature!"
"What?" Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows.
Luo Zheng thought that Evil Deities' situation was like Feng Ge's, where he obtained a new body by chance. However, this body was like armor and couldn't leave the Nirvana Realm. It had no connection with the body outside the chaos.
However, Evil Deities' words were once again out of Luo Zheng's expectations.
"Since you have become a Nirvana Realm creature, what about your physical body in the Mother World?" Luo Zheng asked curiously.
After becoming a pure Nirvana Realm creature, there wouldn't be another him in the Mother World. Logically speaking, this must be the case.
If both of them existed, then when Evil Deities from the Nirvana Realm arrived at the Nirvana Realm, wouldn't there be two of him alive and kicking?
"It's burned."
Evil Deities answered calmly. "The me you gave me, the me you created, has been burned by me. Now, I am completely reborn!"
A few months ago …
Under the lead of Fairy Qiong Xiao, Evil Deities went to the Death Bone Land that was unique to the Wu Kong Clan.
It was a very unique area. Before Evil Deities entered, Fairy Qiong Xiao had told him that once he entered the Death Bone Land, he would actually transform into another living being. At the same time, he would not be able to return to the Mother World.
In this way, not only would Evil Deities be able to break free from the shackles of the Dao Refinement Body, but he would also have an extremely powerful body.
The disadvantage was obvious. It would be very difficult for him to return to the Mother World unless the Wu Kong Clan obtained the method to descend.
Evil Deities agreed without any hesitation.
He would never be controlled by anyone and was willing to do anything to get rid of it.
Before entering the Death Bone Land, Evil Deities returned to the Mother World for the last time.
He dug a small tomb for himself. After entering the tomb, he sat upright. He had really dug a hole and buried himself.
Not long after Evil Deities entered the Nirvana Realm, a violent energy fluctuation was set off in Qi Bei Province.
If the Qi Bei Prefecture was the same as before, it would definitely alarm many people.
However, after the Nine Suns Apocalypse bloomed in Qi Bei Province, the entire Qi Bei Province was destroyed. Such a terrifying energy of truth did not attract anyone's attention.
"Whoosh!"
The energy fluctuation went straight to the tomb that Evil Deities had dug. After a while, a wisp of green flames rose from Evil Deities' body and quickly burned his body clean. However, the tomb was intact.
The situation of Evil Deities becoming a Nirvana Realm living being was completely different from Feng Ge. Feng Ge had put on a layer of armor for his Sun Soul under special circumstances, so he did not trigger the punishment of truth. On the other hand, the Wu Kong Clan's Death Bone Land disobeyed the truth, so it was naturally not allowed.
Xu would also attract the punishment of truth.
Luo Zheng stared at Evil Deities for a long time and suddenly shook his head. "You didn't become another person. You're still that Evil Deities."
"What do you mean?" Evil Deities frowned.
"There's no change in the world in my body," Luo Zheng replied briefly.
Evil Deities was the embodiment of negative emotions. If he really left him and his body disappeared, then the negative emotions would return to Luo Zheng's body.
"So what?" Evil Deities shrugged. "At least I left you!"
"For now," Luo Zheng said.
"You … Nonsense!"
The veins on Evil Deities' forehead were exposed, as if they were about to jump up.
Evil Deities' memories of the past had a deep impact on him. He had failed every time he faced Luo Zheng. Evil Deities who was proud and aloof was completely unacceptable.
However, he noticed that he had lost his composure and quickly adjusted himself. He said calmly, "No one knows what will happen in the future. You and I should have a way to coexist!"
Luo Zheng's eyes showed surprise again.
Evil Deities' temperament seemed to have changed greatly during this period of time. At least it was not like before, when he wanted to devour him whenever he saw him.
"Tell me, why are you looking for me? You can't just be telling me about your situation, right? "Luo Zheng asked.
"On behalf of the Wu Kong Clan, I would like to invite you to join the Wu Kong Clan," Evil Deities said.
When Evil Deities said this request, there was a sudden uproar around them.
On one hand, these Nirvana Realm races were afraid of the Wu Kong Clan. On the other hand, they were envious of the Nirvana Realm creatures who were chosen by the Wu Kong Clan.

Chapter 3387
Before the birth of the human civilization, the Elemental Spirit civilization was relatively open-minded.
They would even "help" other civilizations that had just entered the Nirvana Realm.
However, the premise of this "help" was that those civilizations could not threaten the existence of the Elemental Spirit civilization. After all, the Elemental Spirit civilization had a first-mover advantage and was much stronger than the other civilizations.
In fact, the idea of "the end" had been proposed in the first few chaos epochs, but there was a consensus within the Elemental Spirit civilization that they thought ending the end was a very ridiculous idea.
The entire Elemental Spirit civilization used a playful attitude to observe the struggles of other civilizations in the Nirvana Realm over and over again.
Until the birth of the human civilization, the Elemental Spirit civilization had an unprecedented sense of crisis.
For example, the fact that most civilizations could set foot in the Thirty-Three Heavens was enough to prove their strength. Even the "Primordial Gods of Chaos" and the Wing King would not be easy to enter.
So far, only seven or eight races had entered the innermost Jade Pure Land, and these races were very ancient and almost all of them were legendary races.
This was also the reason why the Celestial Hound of Trigram was shocked.
"When I obtained the unique information through the Six-Stripe Blood Tree, I believed that the human race was not ordinary, but I really didn't expect that the seniors would go to the Jade Pure Land …" Nuwa's eyes flashed.
The Primeval Lord of Heaven's expression was calm. He shook his head and said, "In fact, it's not that the later generations did not surpass the human civilization, it's just that the Elemental Spirit civilization did not give them this opportunity."
Nuwa nodded firmly. "If the Path of Order is really completed as they set it up, then the entire Chaos will have no chance to speak of."
The Primeval Lord of Heaven smiled faintly. "Actually, that's not necessarily true. The degree of chaos in the entire Chaos is always increasing, it can't be reduced. According to their Path of Order plan, it's just greatly delaying the chaos …"
All activities in the entire world were constantly moving towards chaos, and since the beginning of the Chaos, the degree of chaos was constantly accelerating.
If the Path of Order of the Elemental Spirit civilization could only survive ten thousand creatures, the degree of chaos would naturally become extremely slow, but as long as one creature was alive, the degree of chaos would increase …
Perhaps after thousands of chaos epochs, it would finally come again …
Therefore, in the eyes of the Heavenly Lord of Yuanshi, the "Path of Order" of the Elemental Spirit civilization was not a solution, but a way to delay the inevitable.
Hearing Yuanshi Tianzun's words, Nuwa, Fuxi, Luo Zheng, Gan Gaohan, and the others were enlightened. Although these people stood firmly on the Path of the End, there were still some who agreed with the Path of Order. They believed that the Path of Order was another way to save Chaos.
This part was just too cruel …
With the analysis of the Primeval Lord of Heaven, they naturally understood that Ji Xuanyuan and Shinno had chosen the wrong path from the beginning, and this path was destined to fail.
"It's a pity that Lie Shan and Dihong are still so stubborn." Gan Gaohan shook his head.
Fuxi said expressionlessly, "Some people are just like that. It's impossible to make them wake up on their own. Such people can only be awakened by others!"
Hearing Fuxi say that, Gan Gaohan revealed a joyous look, "Unless Li Shan is planning to act?"
After the Great Yi Heavenly Palace and the You Xiong Clan had shed all pretense of cordiality, they had been fighting on a small scale. Due to the rules, Li Shan had never made a direct move. Because of this, the Golden Crow launched a surprise attack, which almost killed them.
It would be a lie if one said that the Heaven Palace did not have any resentment.
But under the situation where Donghuang was trapped, they had no other choice but to endure.
But if Li Shan were to act, they would naturally be happy to see it …
"If Li Shan blindly tolerates it, they will naturally bully him. In fact, this time, the Golden Crows have already declared war. Most importantly, we can no longer tolerate their scheme this time," Nuwa said.
"Scheme? I wonder what scheme does the You Xiong Clan have? "Gan Gaohan asked with a solemn expression.
"They are using an extremely unique flame to burn across the various great prefectures in the Mother World. This flame is unable to burn Chaotic Origin Experts, but most living beings at the Paramita Realm and below could not resist it at all. They are already releasing their flames across the 300 great prefectures one after another.
"Nuwa continued.
"What? They actually did such an inhumane thing? "
"Why is that? Just to clean up these great prefectures? "
"Has the Di Hong Clan gone mad?"
The experts from the Heaven Palace revealed indignant expressions.
Even if they were strong, they could not do such a meaningless massacre …
Just as everyone was puzzled, Elder Hai suddenly said from the leftmost seat of the Lineage Dragon Palace Hall, "Ghost Green, this should be their motive."
Nuwa nodded at Elder Hai, indicating that he had guessed correctly.
After Elder Hai reminded them, the experts from the Heaven Palace immediately reacted.
"They are stirring up the negative emotions of the Mother World!"
"They have gotten Ghost Green?"
"The Di Hong Clan's motive is to control the entire Mother World through Ghost Green …"
The sense of danger in everyone's heart rose rapidly.
The current Heaven Palace and Li Shan could still ally with other superpowers to fight against You Xiong and Shennong. It was hard to predict the outcome since this was a battle on the same level.
However, if the Di Hong Clan controlled the Mother World, it would be equivalent to directly starting a war from a higher level, and an attack from that level would be impossible to resist.
"Although Ghost Green is the embodiment of the negative emotions of the Mother World, it is only an embodiment. Whether it can really shake the will of the Mother World is only a guess. Whether it can be realized or not is still unknown. Everyone, please calm down." Nuwa raised her hand and made a calming gesture.
As the birthplace of this round of chaos, the Mother World's will was high and unfathomable.
However, since the birth of Ghost Green, many knowledgeable people had hypothesized that through the negative emotions of the Mother World, they might be able to control the Mother World itself …
Previously, everyone was just hypothesizing, but now the Di Hong Clan had begun to try.
"It looks like the situation is not optimistic." Someone sighed.
Many people's faces were a little gloomy.
Luo Zheng, who had been silent at the side, suddenly laughed. "The situation may not be as bad as everyone thinks. Now that we have the Ring of Descent, we can even send experts from the Nirvana Realm!"
"Experts from the Nirvana Realm?" Nuwa stared at Luo Zheng with a questioning look in her beautiful eyes.

Chapter 3388
Previously at Li Mountain, Luo Zheng had already imparted the True Meaning of Three Spirits Creation to Nuwa.
Nuwa and Fuxi's comprehension of the True Meaning of Dao was not slow either. But they still required some time …
Luo Zheng had already found the Human Race of the Paramita World. After making another trip to Ji Deleted Dimension, Nuwa had yet to cultivate the complete True Meaning of Three Spirits Creation. Hence, Nuwa naturally did not have the chance to meet King Ashoka.
Jiang Ziya was once an Undying Realm expert. In addition to staying in Ji Deleted Dimension for more than a thousand Primal Chaos epochs, his strength was unquestionable.
If he were to descend, he would naturally become an expert of his Mother World!
"That King Ashoka can descend …" Nuwa was still muttering.
Fuxi's eyes brightened, "That expert trapped in Ji Deleted Dimension?"
Given Fuxi's personality, he would be jealous of anyone stronger than him. But he was ultimately righteous and kind. Furthermore, he stood firmly on the side of the Human Race.
"We can try letting Ziya descend. But I wonder if this Ring of Descent can be used in Ji Deleted Dimension …" Heavenly Venerable Primordial Beginning nodded.
Luo Zheng chuckled. He walked towards Fuxi. At the same time, he extended his hand: "We will know after trying it out."
Fuxi extended his finger and lightly flicked it. A Ring of Descent floated in front of Luo Zheng.
Under the gaze of everyone, Luo Zheng sat down cross-legged. He placed a golden Chaotic Origin Spirit into the ring. After that, he began chanting the True Meaning of Three Spirits Creation. Very soon, he returned to Ji Deleted Dimension.
During this period, Jiang Ziya had been accompanying Luo Nian in exploring the Profound World.
Luo Nian's performance the first time he entered the Profound World had already astonished Jiang Ziya. Ever since he entered the Profound World with Luo Nian, he was constantly in shock.
Previously, when Jiang Ziya was exploring that "mountain", he was like a blind man entering the forest. Every step he took was extremely difficult.
Jiang Ziya could only rely on his astonishing memory and analytical ability to make up for this flaw.
This kind of exploration was extremely time-consuming and exhausting. That was why he was unable to cross the mountain or cross the river for so many years ….
But everything changed with the appearance of Luo Nian.
Luo Nian's perception was completely different from Jiang Ziya's. His eyes were born to distinguish the paths of the Xuan Liang World.
In a few days, Luo Nian had already investigated the situation of the entire "mountain" clearly. Jiang Ziya's puzzles and mysteries were always solved by Luo Nian …
The only regrettable thing was that Luo Nian was right. That "mountain" didn't have many resources to begin with, so Luo Nian wasn't very interested in it.
Under the guidance of Luo Nian, Jiang Ziya crossed the river for the first time and began to explore further.
Jiang Ziya himself was still in a semi-ignorant state about the Xuanliang World. He almost relied on Luo Nian to lead the way …
After several explorations, Jiang Ziya's understanding and conjecture about the Mysterious World increased day by day. During the explorations, Jiang Ziya was accompanied by a very contradictory mentality.
He wanted to interact with the living beings of the Xuan Liang World and understand the civilization of the Xuan Liang World.
But the Xuan Liang World wasn't as safe as it seemed. There were several times when Luo Nian discovered the danger in advance and hurriedly brought Jiang Ziya back to the Jixue Space.
Although it was dangerous, the Xuan Liang World was still fascinating. Jiang Ziya even regarded Luo Nian as a unique treasure.
He would try his best to satisfy any request that Luo Nian made as long as it was within his ability.
When Luo Zheng returned to the Jixue Space, he saw that on the other side of the Jixue Pillar, another more magnificent and exquisite palace had been built. This palace was naturally the one given to Luo Nian.
Although Jiang Ziya was very resourceful and it wasn't difficult for him to build a palace out of thin air with the Gist of Trueness of Three Spirits Construction, it would still take a lot of effort.
Luo Zheng waited in front of the palace for a while. With a spatial fluctuation, Jiang Ziya appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
In front of Luo Zheng, Jiang Ziya had always acted as if he was aloof from worldly affairs. But this time, it was completely different. He had a smile on his face, as if he was getting along with Luo Zheng as an equal.
Luo Zheng was still a little puzzled, but he still asked respectfully, "Senior Jiang Ziya, where is Nian 'er?"
"He's still in the Xuan Liang World. That boy has been staying there for the past few days," Jiang Ziya replied.
"Is he in danger alone?" Luo Zheng asked again.
Luo Zheng was definitely worried about handing Luo Nian over to Jiang Ziya.
Jiang Ziya shook his head and said, "During this period, he has encountered several dangers, but that boy's escaping speed in the Xuan Liang World is simply amazing. He shouldn't be in any danger …"
The "space" in the Xuan Liang World existed in a very special form. Jiang Ziya still couldn't understand the way Luo Nian moved.
Looking at Jiang Ziya's convinced face, Luo Zheng was slightly relieved.
After all, Jiang Ziya had been in the Xuan Liang World for so many years. Nian 'er was like a fish in water in the Xuan Liang World and could protect himself.
"I didn't enter the Jixue Space to visit Nian 'er this time," Luo Zheng said.
"What's the matter?" Jiang Ziya was surprised. He thought Luo Zheng returned here because he missed Luo Nian.
"I want to invite Senior Jiang Ziya to descend to the mother world," Luo Zheng replied.
Jiang Ziya's eyes widened, "Descend? That's too dangerous! "
In fact, with Jiang Ziya's control of the Jixue Space, he could go to the chaos independently.
However, many Primal Chaos epochs ago, he had attempted to throw things from the world in his body into the Primal Chaos. However, the moment he threw them in, the Truth was triggered, and those things were wiped out. From then on, this thought was severed.
Luo Zheng saw Jiang Ziya's hesitation and told him about the Nirvana Realm creatures descending. At the same time, he took out the "Ring of Descent".
When Jiang Ziya was still hesitating, Heavenly Lord Yuanshi appeared again and smiled, "This disciple has always been cautious. But it's better to be safe than sorry. After all, the Jixue Space is somewhat different from the Nirvana Realm …"
Therefore, Jiang Ziya reached out his hand and grabbed out a green toad that was completely dark green from his inner world.
In the Lineage Dragon Palace, everyone was silently waiting for the powerhouse descending from the Jixue Space.
As Luo Zheng opened his eyes, a toad appeared under the Ring of Descent. Everyone's expression was quite interesting at this moment. The entire Lineage Dragon Palace became even quieter. With the Celestial Hound of the 33 Layers of Heaven in front of them, many people really thought this toad was that big shot.

Chapter 3389
Luo Zheng smirked and said, "What's the result of your observation after playing so many tricks?"
"The result is obvious." The smile on Ah Huo's face faded a little. "Joining Genryū is the only right path for you. I'll give you the authority of the Ten Giants and above. There are only six people in Genryū with this level of authority."
As soon as Ah Huo said this, the Nirvana Realm creatures present were shocked again.
Genryū had always been mysterious. Its internal structure and division of authority were not known to outsiders.
For example, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin had led the human race to fight against Genryū for so long. He only knew that Genryū's leader was Mu Ling.
However, the creatures of the Thirty-Two Levels of Heaven were well aware of Genryū's Ten Giants. After all, the Ten Giants were in charge of everything in Pingyi Heaven.
If Luo Zheng joined Genryū, would his position be above the Ten Giants?
The Nirvana Realm creatures could not hide their shock. It was directly shown on their faces.
Some of the weaker Nirvana Realm creatures, even if they joined Genryū, rarely had the chance to meet one of the Ten Giants.
Generally speaking, only Immortal Realm powerhouses were qualified to meet the Blood Red Parliament. One could imagine the status of the Ten Giants …
This Elemental Spirit Clan wouldn't be talking nonsense, right?
What right did that human kid have?
He was most likely joking …
These Nirvana Realm creatures all had the same thought.
Although they doubted Ah Huo, they only dared to think about it. They did not dare to say it out loud.
"After the Order Plan is fully implemented, I can give you 300 more places. If you think it's not enough, you can add more," Ah Huo added.
According to Genryū's plan, they planned to delay the arrival of this round of Chaos indefinitely.
However, the only way to delay it was to descend the level of Chaos in the entire Chaos.
Simply put, it was to eliminate almost all the creatures in the Chaos, leaving only 10,000 creatures.
These 10,000 creatures were equivalent to 10,000 places.
If the Order Plan could be implemented, the value of these 300 places could be imagined.
Ah Huo promised three hundred places at once. If it was not enough, he could add more. It was indeed very respectful.
"Three hundred places …" Luo Zheng pondered for a moment and shook his head. "That's too little."
"How much do you want?" Ah Huo widened his eyes and asked.
"At least ten billion?" Luo Zheng shrugged.
"Tens of billions is impossible. That kind of chaos cannot be contained." Huo actually thought according to Luo Zheng's idea. However, she reacted in an instant. This guy was just talking nonsense. She immediately became angry. "You!"
"I won't join either of you. I don't agree with the path you have chosen." Looking at Ah-Huo's angry face, Luo Zheng ignored him. "When I first entered the mother world, senior Qiu Yinhe told me about the future.
There are three paths to the debate! "
His voice suddenly became louder. "All the Order Plan Plan is just a cowardly appeasement method. What will descend will eventually descend. What kind of logic is that to kill everyone else in order to survive?"
"The so-called Voidless Path wants to return everything to zero. It's just the ravings of a madman. These guys just want to drag everyone into the abyss." Luo Zheng continued. "I don't know why the Chaos wants that needle to descend, but since that needle exists,
But as long as it exists, we have no reason to stop! I know that there are many sovereign civilizations present. You have also fought for the Path of the End. I also believe that this is the only right path. However, you are all walking … the evil path! "
"Shameless boasting! A kid who might not even reach the Immortal Realm dares to talk nonsense here. What a joke! "Elder Hu from the Purple Cloud Race berated loudly.
Elder Hu was also surprised that Ah Huo would offer such a price. He did not expect Luo Zheng to reject it.
Jumping out at this time would naturally attract the attention of "Ah Huo." How could he let go of this opportunity?
"Well said! If it weren't for Genryū's obstruction all these years, I'm afraid we would have succeeded long ago. Genryū is the main culprit for the Path of the End's repeated failures! "
Elder Hu had just jumped out when another Nirvana Realm race stepped out.
The one who spoke was a skinny Nirvana Realm creature from the Yan Sheng Race. The Yan Sheng Race was similar to the Three-Eyed Race. Although they were not very powerful, they had enough power to protect themselves.
In the 32 Levels of Heaven, there were actually many Nirvana Realm creatures like them. They were all failures of the Path of the End.
"Young man, you have great courage. Perhaps you can complete the Path of the End?" Clan Leader Jiutian of the Three-Eyed Race also stepped out.
"As long as there's a chance, I won't give up …"
"…"
The Nirvana Realm creatures who had once supported the Path of the End chose to step out at this time. They directly supported Luo Zheng in front of Ah Huo and the Tongtian Sect Leader.
Ah Huo and the Tongtian Sect Leader's expressions naturally did not look good.
It should be known that these Nirvana Realm creatures had fallen along with the fall of the human civilization. Independent Nirvana Realm creatures like the Three-Eyed Race and the Yan Sheng Race were very low-key. After all, they did not have the power to compete with the Wu Kong Clan and Genryū.
Opposing!
However, if they were to gather together, they would actually be a powerful force!
Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and the others did not expect this to happen. Luo Zheng's words had attracted the support of many Nirvana Realm creatures. This was simply unimaginable to them.
"Shut up, all of you!"
Ah Huo suddenly let out a voice.
His voice was so loud that it almost caused the aura in the entire Ping Yi Heaven to flow. The power contained in the aura spread in all directions as if it was solid, like surging water.
"What a terrifying energy flow …"
After Luo Zheng saw the surging energy, his expression changed slightly.
If there was no protection in Ping Yi Heaven, just this roar alone would probably be able to crush most of the Nirvana Realm creatures present into powder.
The other Nirvana Realm creatures were also shocked by this voice. The scene suddenly became silent. On the other hand, the Tongtian Sect Leader looked calm and collected.
Ah Huo's anger only lasted for a moment. When she faced Luo Zheng, a smile appeared on her face again.
She would definitely carry out the things she had set her eyes on. Moreover, she had already communicated her thoughts with Mu Ling.
Luo Zheng's rejection made her lose face, but she still would not give up.

Chapter 3390
"Feng!"
Ah Huo's slender body suddenly burst into flames. The terrifying flames burned her completely.
The scarlet flames floating in the white ball were her true body.
When she turned into a ball of flames, her cold voice sounded again. "Tongtian, I advise you to give up."
"Just because you said so?" Tongtian's face showed a subtle expression. "Even if it's Mu Ling, she doesn't have the right to make me give up."
"If it's Mu Ling, she will fight you to the death," Ah Huo's voice added.
All these years, Genryū and the Wu Kong Clan had been fighting fiercely. Not only did the Wu Kong Clan not decline, they became stronger step by step. But overall, Genryū still had the absolute advantage.
If Genryū really wanted to fight the Wu Kong Clan to the death, the situation would be the same as the human race.
At that time, the strength of the Human Race had already seriously threatened the Elemental Spirit Clan. In the end, although the Elemental Spirit Clan had also suffered heavy losses, they had still won a level. They had basically eradicated most of the Human Race and trapped the human heroes in the 33
God.
Unfortunately, the Wu Kong Clan hadn't been born yet. If the Wu Kong Clan had existed then, Genryū wouldn't have dared to sacrifice so much to severely injure the human race. After all, the fight between the two clans would benefit a third party.
No one would do such a stupid thing.
The current situation was similar to the past. The Wu Kong Clan's sudden rise had already threatened Genryū's position. If Genryū risked being heavily injured, he could also eliminate the Wu Kong Clan.
And now, there was no third party. Those Nirvana Realm clans who still held on to the Path of the End were nothing …
From this point, Genryū had a psychological advantage against the Wu Kong Clan.
But who was the Prime of Tongtian?
He was the man who personally led the Wu Kong Clan to become stronger.
After hearing the threat of the passage, Tongtian's expression didn't change. He answered calmly, "Then we will fight to the death."
His calm and simple answer revealed his strong determination …
Ah Huo didn't say anything. As the flames in the white ball trembled slightly, she floated away.
Tongtian also cast a glance at Luo Zheng.
He was also an extremely intelligent being. Luo Zheng's words had already made it very clear that he believed in the Path of the End, and there was absolutely no possibility of him changing his tune.
Since that was the case, there was no point in him staying here and persuading them. He could only think of another way.
"Some standpoints will change with time," the Prime of Tongtian said faintly. Then, he dove into the blood-red sphere.
The three blood-red spheres also flew in another direction.
Both Ah-Huo of the Genryū and Tongtian of the Wu Kong Clan had left, but the shock they left behind had not disappeared.
Especially the final exchange between the experts of the two clans, it caused the numerous Paramita beings present to be extremely shocked.
In order to fight over Luo Zheng, the Wu Kong Clan and Genryū would fight to the death?
One had to know that the two largest races in the Nirvana Realm had been fighting openly and covertly for almost four hundred divine eras. However, both sides were quite fearful of each other and had never escalated to a situation where they would fight to the death.
Now, for a human kid who had yet to step into the Nirvana Realm?
What did this mean?
It meant that Luo Zheng had a reason that was worthy of them fighting to the death!
Then, what was this reason?
Almost all of the Paramita beings had developed a strong interest in Luo Zheng at this moment.
Even Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and the others were at a complete loss.
Luo Zheng was very important to the current Taiyi Heavenly Palace, but it was not to the extent that the Wu Kong Clan and Genryū would fight over him, right?
"Senior Yuanshi Tianzun, why is this?" Luo Zheng said somewhat helplessly.
The attitude of the two clans towards him was also beyond Luo Zheng's expectations. Luo Zheng wanted to find an answer from Yuanshi Tianzun.
From the beginning, Yuanshi Tianzun did not say anything. He seemed to be avoiding Tongtian.
Now that Tongtian had left, Yuanshi Tianzun came to life and said leisurely, "Perhaps it's because of the eighteen engravings on your body?"
The Nirvana Realm beings in the Thirty-two Layers of Heaven did not know that Luo Zheng had obtained the eighteen engravings, but Tongtian and Huo must have known.
"Because I have these engravings …" Luo Zheng was somewhat uncertain. This reason was not very tenable.
"According to my understanding, the more engravings one has, the more comfortable they are in the immortal picture scroll. However, whether the eighteen engravings will cause other problems was not determined at that time. Now that so many years have passed, many things that I don't know about have happened.
Things I don't know. "
Although Yuanshi Tianzun was a know-it-all, he had been trapped in the Thirty-three Heavens. Naturally, he did not know about the things that had happened in so many chaos eras. However, according to Yuanshi Tianzun's judgment, the problem was most likely still with the eighteen engravings.
Just when everyone was still guessing, the edge of the picture scroll that was unfolded in the sky was suddenly plated with a layer of gold.
The picture scroll that was hanging above Ping Yitian showed a variety of colors. These colors slowly took shape and turned into the shape of silhouettes. Those were the silhouettes of various Nirvana Realm beings!
"Buzz …"
Not long after, a circle appeared in the immortal picture scroll. This circle fluctuated and turned into a huge whirlpool, filling the entire immortal picture scroll.
"Whirlpool …"
Recently, whenever Luo Zheng saw a whirlpool, he could not help but associate it with the Xuanliang World.
"Yes, this is connected to somewhere in the Xuanliang World," Yuanshi Tianzun confirmed for Luo Zheng.
As the whirlpool continued to fluctuate, the silhouettes that were originally arranged in a disorderly manner also lined up neatly along with the fluctuations of the whirlpool.
The entire whirlpool was divided into hundreds of circles of different sizes. The silhouette of the Nirvana Realm beings that were arranged in the innermost layer was a round ball …
This round ball could be the Wu Kong Clan, or it could be Genryū.
However, Yuanshi Tianzun once mentioned that the first in the immortal picture scroll was Genryū's "Eye Spirit". Presumably, this round ball should be that Eye Spirit.
Ranked second was a "spider-like" creature. Yuanshi Tianzun explained to Luo Zheng that it was the spider spirit of the "Star Spider Civilization" in the 96th round of chaos. Although its silhouette had always been left in the immortal picture scroll, its body had already been destroyed.
Its original body had already fallen in the Thirty-three Heavens.
"The second-ranked existence will fall in the Thirty-three Heavens?" Luo Zheng was very surprised when he heard this.

Chapter 3391
After stepping into the door, before she could get used to the darkness, a sweet smell of rust entered her nose.
Ling Shuang frowned, her eyes filled with confusion.
Suddenly, he realized with a start that he could smell something.
She was just a Yang Soul Body …
But when she looked at herself, she was shocked.
Her Soul Body was filled with red threads, which gave off a ruby-like luster.
These red threads outlined the veins in her arms, and at the same time, the five viscera, the six bowels, the cervical spine, and even the eyes, ears, mouth, and nose of her head were roughly outlined.
"I … What's wrong with me?"
Ling Shuang took a few steps back, she wanted to leave the door.
But when she thought of Granny, the fear in her heart melted like snowflakes in June …
No matter what fate awaited her, she would accept it without hesitation.
If Ling Shuang had been to Spirit City, she would have realised that everything that happened to her Yang Soul was very similar to stepping into the Saint Soul Realm.
The difference was that she did not need to enter the Soul Cloud, she only needed to take a step towards the door.
When her soul had the five senses, Ling Shuang became more sensitive to the surrounding illusions, even if it was a pitch black tunnel, everything big or small would appear in her eyes.
"These two sides are prisons?"
On both sides of the tunnel, there were rooms separated by fences.
The fences closest to the door were broken, it looked like they were broken by brute force, the rooms were naturally empty.
Ling Shuang continued to walk along the tunnel, her gaze constantly sweeping across the partitions on both sides.
"They're all empty …"
"The things locked inside, have they all escaped?"
"But I've clearly seen those monsters …"
In Ling Shuang's heart, those monsters represented fear.
When she was young, she would often wake up from nightmares, it was because of these monsters …
But monsters also represented power.
She needed power, and she needed these monsters, no matter what she had to pay, she would not hesitate.
After walking a few thousand feet forward, the fences of the rooms on both sides of the passageway were all broken. Ling Shuang felt a little disappointed. She had mustered up so much courage, but she had barged into an empty door. This was not what she wanted to see.
Just as she passed by another empty house, there was a rustling sound in front of her.
Hearing this sound, Ling Shuang's eyes flashed, and she quickly walked forward.
Just as Ling Shuang approached the metal fence, a furry hand grabbed onto the fence. "Bang!"
All the fences started to shake violently …
"About five pounds of muscle …"
"Awoo …"
When the monsters in the room heard that, more of them rushed toward the bars.
They beat, shook, and made all kinds of strange cries.
The entire passageway seemed to come alive at this moment. The darkness in the distance transformed into the mouth of a monster, and the surging aura forced Ling Shuang to take a few steps back.
The excited cries of the monsters in the room startled something.
In the darkness of the tunnel, two red lights suddenly appeared. The red lights approached from afar, quickly closing the distance between them and Ling Shuang.
When it got closer, Ling Shuang finally saw its face clearly.
It looked like a huge monkey. Its hairy hands hung on the ground, and its hands were covered with sharp nails. As it walked, its nails dragged on the ground, making ear-piercing sounds.
Ling Shuang's eyes widened. That was the monster that had been observing her from the door countless times!
"You … I'm coming in," said Ling Shuang.
She wanted to ask who it was.
But in his heart, he felt that he was familiar with it.
It had observed her many times, and she had observed it many times. It shouldn't be appropriate to ask that question.
The monster stretched out its long arms, and its sharp nails extended toward Ling Shuang.
Even in the dark, the surface of its nails shone with a cold light. Ling Shuang didn't doubt that this monster could easily tear her to pieces.
But when its nails were in front of Ling Shuang, it knelt on one knee in front of her with a plop.
"I, I, we … have waited for so many years. It's too painful. Wu wu, please fulfill your promise and help us!"
The voice was hoarse and rough, like two pieces of iron rubbing against the ground.
But that didn't stop it from begging.
"Let you go?"
Ling Shuang's eyes were filled with confusion.
"The curse on us has been there for too long. My brothers couldn't take it and ended their lives. I dragged them out of the prison and buried them …" it said again.
Now, Ling Shuang understood a little.
These monsters were also in the fences, but they were cursed and had been locked up here, waiting for her to come.
But did she come too late? Some of the monsters couldn't take it and chose to commit suicide?
The big holes in the fences should have been made by this monster. It smashed those holes just to bury them.
"I don't know how to remove your curse," Ling Shuang said honestly.
Granny knew that she had this door. She even knew that she could command the monsters inside …
But what this door meant, and what relationship Ling Shuang had with these monsters, Granny didn't mention.
Granny probably didn't know either …
Just as Ling Shuang finished speaking, the monsters on both sides of the tunnel suddenly roared.
Her answer didn't satisfy them.
Whoosh!
The claw that was extended in front of her suddenly wrapped around her body and caught her in mid-air.
"Impossible! You can't not know! " The monster's voice was filled with unwillingness. "The promise wasn't like this. You were supposed to save us!"
The monster's strength was unimaginable.
Ling Shuang felt that she was like a fragile porcelain in its hands. If it exerted a little force, she would shatter into pieces.
"Ah wu wu, ah wu wu, ah wu wu …"
The monsters on both sides of the tunnel started to speak in unison.
"Did you hear that?" It said to Ling Shuang, "They said that if you can't do it, they will kill you … My brothers are already in despair. They don't care about crushing their last hope!"
This was a threat, but it was also the truth.
Ling Shuang, who grew up in a carefree environment, didn't expect that she would be the last hope of these monsters.
When she finally entered the door, Ling Shuang didn't know anything.
Their feelings could be imagined …
Gu wu wu —
Just as everyone was shouting, a sharp voice suddenly came from afar.
The owner of the voice seemed to be very authoritative. When this voice came, the tunnel instantly returned to silence.
Ling Shuang bit her lip. "But I really don't know …"
Gu lu wu wu …
The voice in the distance continued to speak.

Chapter 3392
There was naturally no such thing as absolute fairness in this world.
Every living being had its own unique form. In a specific environment, it would naturally gain an advantage. For example, a fish could swim freely in the water, but it would die on land.
Clearly, his human form did not have an advantage in the Immortal Painting.
Now that he had no choice, Luo Zheng could only use "Crab Steps" to make do.
From the outside, the Immortal Painting looked like a single page, but in fact, the Immortal Painting had three pages.
And be it the first, second, or third page, they were not as blank as they looked. There were still quite a number of "curly beasts" on them.
There were many different theories regarding the origin of the curly beasts. Some said that the curly beasts were actually some kind of living being in the Xuanliang world, but they were naturally suited to live in the Immortal Painting. There were also some who said that the curly beasts were created by the Instant civilization.
However, they were all guesses.
Not long after Luo Zheng entered the Immortal Painting, he encountered a curly beast.
The curly beast looked similar to the silhouette of a Nirvana life form. It was not big and looked like a wolf cub that did not even reach his knees.
When Luo Zheng saw the curly beast, it had already pounced at him.
Whether it was the other Nirvana Realm creatures or Luo Zheng himself, there was still a certain limit to their movements in the immortal painting scroll. It was as if they were really embedded in the painting and the movements they could make were very limited. However, this beast in the scroll was much more flexible.
However, the curly beast was very agile.
Seeing the curly beast pounce at him, Luo Zheng chose to counterattack.
The battle process was more boring and simple than Luo Zheng imagined.
The moment the curly beast approached, Luo Zheng's arm grabbed it from top to bottom. Although it felt awkward, he still accurately held the curly beast in his hand. At the same time, his other hand turned and tore. The black curly beast was torn apart.
It was torn in half.
The entire process was silent. It was as though continuous images were presented in front of Luo Zheng's eyes.
The torn curly beast turned into wisps of black smoke and rapidly gathered towards Luo Zheng's body, completely fusing with his body.
When the smoke entered Luo Zheng's body, Luo Zheng's whole body trembled violently.
At the same time, this wisp of black smoke shot out from the Immortal Picture Scroll. It descended from the sky and shot straight into Luo Zheng's Three Clarities Stone.
The complicated patterns on the surface of the Three Clarities Stone were smeared with black.
"Senior Heavenly Primogenitor, how many beasts do we have to kill to get to the second page?" Luo Zheng asked.
There was a requirement to go from the first page to the second page, and that was to absorb enough curly beasts.
"No," the Heavenly Lord of the Origin said, "The Curly Beasts on the first page are not very strong, so you won't be given too much black smoke. If you only kill Curly Beasts of this size, you will need about four to five thousand …"
Every time the Immortal Scroll was opened, the number of beasts in the scroll was limited.
The reason why those Nirvana Realm beings were in a hurry was because they wanted to kill as many rolling beasts as possible in the shortest amount of time.
"So many …"
Luo Zheng felt somewhat helpless.
It was not difficult to kill Curly Beasts, but the number of Curly Beasts in the Immortal Scroll seemed to be too little.
If the number of Curly Beasts killed was not enough, one would not be able to enter the second page. When the Immortal Picture Scroll was closed, those who could not enter the second page would naturally be expelled. That would be considered a failure …
The price of failure in the Immortal Picture Scroll was not high. After leaving the Immortal Picture Scroll, the "heavy stone" would be wasted.
However, it was not difficult for even the Taiyi Heavenly Palace to get a few heavy stones, let alone these Nirvana Realm beings.
Therefore, almost all the Nirvana Realm beings who had achieved the Divine Soul Realm and the Body of Innumerable Tribulations would enter the Immortal Picture Scroll. This intensified the competition in the Immortal Picture Scroll.
However, the Immortal Picture Scroll was not a safe place. Every time the Immortal Picture Scroll was opened, many people died in it.
Some were killed by the Curly Beasts, but more of them killed each other.
After killing the Curly Beast, Luo Zheng ran rampant in the Immortal Picture Scroll again.
Due to the limitation of his vision, he could not even determine his own position. He only moved in one direction.
However, Luo Zheng's luck was really bad. The Curly Beasts he met along the way were sparse, and most of them were very thin and small.
In the spirit of "even mosquito legs are meat", Luo Zheng naturally did not let any of them go.
In more than two hours, Luo Zheng only met eight Curly Beasts. Among them, a snake-shaped Curly Beast escaped directly. Luo Zheng chased after it for a long time but could not catch up. He could only choose to give up.
…
On the bronze ground, many Nirvana Realm beings stared at the Three-Clarities Stone on the ground.
After the Immortal Picture Scroll was opened, it showed the silhouettes of the strong men in the Immortal Realm. That was the picture on the third page. Luo Zheng and others were still on the first page, so their every move could not be observed.
However, every time the Nirvana Realm beings killed a Curly Beast, a black ink stain would descend from the picture scroll and smear on the Three-Clarities Stone.
Every time the bronze ground refreshed, by observing the Three-Clarities Stone, they could see the person's progress in the Immortal Picture Scroll.
Most of the Nirvana Realm beings only cared about the Three-Clarities Stone of their own people. However, this time, many Nirvana Realm beings intentionally or unintentionally looked at Luo Zheng, whether it was the Nirvana Realm beings who submitted to Genryū or the neutral Three-Eyed Race.
The Nirvana Realm beings were all silently observing.
Logically speaking, a person who could be roped in by Tongtian and Huo should have a stunning performance in the Immortal Picture Scroll. At least, it should not be difficult for him to reach the Immortal Realm in one go.
However, after more than two hours, the number of ink stains on Luo Zheng's Three-Clarities Stone could be counted with one's fingers.
"That human kid seems to have no ability."
"More than two hours to kill Curly Beasts in single digits?"
"If this continues, he will be eliminated soon …"
Although those voices were deliberately lowered, Gan Gaohan, Ning Xuyuan, and others could still hear them clearly.
"What is Luo Zheng doing?" Gan Gaohan asked.
Ning Xuyuan shook his head. "Maybe he's just unlucky. I heard that those Curly Beasts appear randomly."
The people of the Heavenly Palace present were only in the Saint Soul Realm. None of them could enter the Immortal Picture Scroll, so naturally, they could not say anything.
"Hiss hiss hiss …"
At this moment, wisps of black smoke continuously drilled out of the Immortal Picture Scroll and rapidly descended toward them.
When Gan Gaohan and others saw these ink stains, their eyes lit up. "He's here?"
Ning Xuyuan also revealed a trace of a smile. When had Luo Zheng ever disappointed them?
However, as the black ink continued to descend, it actually drilled into a Three-Clarities Stone at the side. This Three-Clarities Stone belonged to the Purple Cloud Race's Wudang.

Chapter 3393
Not far away, the Three-eyed Clan and the Yan Sheng Clan naturally saw Luo Zheng's Sanqing Stone.
The expressions on their faces also became subtle.
Originally, they thought that Luo Zheng would amaze the world with a single brilliant feat in the Immortal Picture Scroll.
However, they did not expect that Luo Zheng's performance was not only not outstanding, but also had no achievements.
For example, there were a total of three people from the Three-eyed Clan who had entered the Immortal Picture Scroll this time. Not to mention the Three-eyed Boy Fei Yu's performance, even the Three-eyed Clan member who had the worst performance was much better than Luo Zheng …
However, they did not believe that the Sect Leader would be wrong. The reason for Luo Zheng's poor performance was probably because it was his first time entering the Immortal Picture Scroll.
In fact, even if he did not reach the Immortal Realm this time, it was not a big deal.
Most of the Nirvana Realm creatures in the Thirty-two Levels of Heaven had failed several times. Those who had reached the Immortal Realm had also entered the Immortal Picture Scroll dozens or even hundreds of times.
However, the Sect Leader and Ah Huo's previous statements made everyone have high expectations for him. They believed that he could pass in one try, but they did not expect his performance to be so clumsy.
In the picture scroll, Luo Zheng was still moving forward at a moderate pace.
Although he did not know the progress of others, the number of curly beasts he had killed in more than two hours was too little. He knew in his heart.
However, this could not be blamed on Luo Zheng, because the number of curly beasts that appeared around Luo Zheng was too little.
"Eh, in front …"
Luo Zheng suddenly saw a pitch-black thing rolling not far away. As Luo Zheng approached, he realized that it was a curly beast that was not small in size!
Seeing this curly beast, Luo Zheng was slightly happy. It turned out that his luck was not so bad that it was hopeless.
However, just as Luo Zheng was approaching in a hurry, three Nirvana Realm creatures rushed over from another direction.
These three Nirvana Realm creatures were aggressive. Two of them fixed the curly beast on the left and right, while the other one directly pierced through it.
The curly beast that was killed turned into wisps of black smoke and quickly gathered on the body of the Nirvana Realm creature.
After killing the curly beast, the three Nirvana Realm creatures noticed Luo Zheng who was not far away.
"That brat from the Human Clan?"
"Hehe, I don't seem to have gained anything …"
"I thought he was some amazing character, but he didn't even have the right to enter the second page. He's not worthy of my attention."
Although everyone had turned into flat paintings, their voices were still transmitted over. Because of the space, they could hear everything clearly.
The more curly beasts they killed, the more black smoke would appear on their bodies.
The bodies of the three Nirvana Realm creatures were surrounded by thick black smoke. On the other hand, Luo Zheng was naked with only a faint black smoke surrounding him.
Previously, Luo Zheng had been invited by the Wu Kong Clan and Genryū at the same time. It was impossible for these Nirvana Realm creatures to not be jealous, especially since Luo Zheng was not a Nirvana Realm creature. He came from the chaos and could freely enter and exit the Nirvana Realm.
After saying these words, they hurriedly left.
Right now, everyone was making the best use of their time to hunt the curly beasts. No one was willing to waste any more time.
Luo Zheng watched them leave and rolled his eyes helplessly. Even the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning sighed quietly. Luo Zheng's luck seemed to be really bad.
In fact, it was not difficult to pass the first page of the Immortal Painting Scroll. The position of the curly beasts was random. Even if one's luck was bad, there should be a lot to gain …
Luo Zheng and the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning did not think that it was not due to luck that he could not encounter the curly beasts.
Every time there were curly beasts in the direction he moved, those curly beasts would mysteriously disappear or directly move to other places.
For more than two hours, this kind of thing kept repeating.
No matter how fast Luo Zheng moved, most of the curly beasts would be able to avoid him in the first place.
However, Luo Zheng's perspective could not see this scene at all. Therefore, he could only attribute it to his bad luck.
At this moment, above the Immortal Painting Scroll, there was a huge smiling face floating.
This face was also a painting, but this painting had left the Immortal Painting Scroll and was floating in a special space.
"It seems to be a little impatient?"
The smiling face made a soft voice.
When this voice sounded, the smiling face instantly turned into a crying face. At the same time, the voice became rough, "Then, shall we start the guidance now?"
"Let's wait a little longer. This time, there are too many ants rushing into the scroll. I want to kill some of them," the smiling face laughed, and the voice became soft again.
"Will they find out?" the crying face asked.
"Do you think they don't know of our existence?" The smiling face snorted coldly, "This group of cunning guys is not capable enough, so they want to use our hands. Wishful thinking."
"Then let's do it!"
The crying face no longer worried about anything.
In that special space, a big black hand appeared. The big hand was holding a slender ink pen.
Under the light outline of the ink pen on the Immortal Painting Scroll, a lifelike curly beast had already been formed.
However, this curly beast was much bigger than before. It had a fierce face and sharp teeth, and its body was covered with sharp thorns. Obviously, it was not the curly beasts that were at the mercy of others.
This kind of curly beast was called a tapir. It was very rare even on the second page. The Nirvana Realm creatures would avoid it if they encountered it.
However, as the slender ink pen continued to outline, tapirs appeared on the scroll one by one.
In a short while, the face had drawn hundreds of tapirs!
"Go, at least eliminate half of them," the crying face ordered.
Upon receiving the order, the tapirs that had been "created" spread out in all directions like blooming ink, searching for their prey.
The competition between the Nirvana Realm creatures on the first page was very fierce. Every time the Immortal Painting Scroll opened, only one-third of the creatures could enter the second page. Every curly beast would be besieged.
On the upper left corner of the Immortal Painting Scroll, four Nirvana Realm creatures worked together to kill a group of curly beasts. Just when they were still unsatisfied, a black shadow suddenly appeared not far away.
When the four Nirvana Realm creatures saw the black shadow, they were delighted. They really wanted to surround it. However, one of the Nirvana Realm creatures realized that something was wrong. When he saw the full appearance of the black shadow, his heart skipped a beat.
"It's a tapir! Run! "
This Nirvana Realm creature had been to the second page before and had seen the powerful tapir with his own eyes.
What he could not figure out was, this was the first page. How did the tapir appear?
He did not have the chance to know the answer …
After the tapir locked on to its prey, its figure became erratic.
Its figure appeared and disappeared from time to time.
This was because compared to the Nirvana Realm creatures who became paintings, although the tapir was also a painting, it could leave the scroll for a short period of time.
The moment it jumped out of the scroll, from the perspective of the scroll, the tapir naturally disappeared …
When the tapir fell back into the scroll, its figure appeared again.

Chapter 3394
The moment the four Nirvana Realm creatures were killed, four faint blood-colored dots appeared in the immortal painting.
After the blood-colored dots appeared, the Nirvana Realm creatures present became cautious.
The appearance of the blood-colored dots meant that someone had died. It all depended on which clan they belonged to.
The immortal painting had only been open for less than four hours. It was basically impossible for anyone to die on the first page. It was very unusual for such a situation to occur.
Under everyone's gaze, four blood-colored dots suddenly shot out four blood-colored lights!
Swish! Swish! Swish!
Swish! Swish! Four blood-colored lights shot out from the painting and went straight to the north, hitting the four Sanqing Stones.
Beside the four Sanqing Stones stood the Withered Blood Clan!
The Withered Blood Clan was also a well-known clan in the 32 Levels of Heaven. After seeing this scene, the Withered Blood Clan members' faces turned extremely ugly.
The four of them were geniuses that the Withered Blood Clan had carefully nurtured. They had only been in the immortal painting for less than four hours, and they had all died?
"What happened in the immortal painting?!"
"They should be on the first page. Why?!"
"…"
The Withered Blood Clan members were extremely angry and puzzled. However, the other Nirvana Realm creatures heaved a sigh of relief. No matter what happened in the immortal painting, it was fine as long as it wasn't their clan that died.
However, the Worm Tapir released by the immortal painting was overwhelming. How could the other Nirvana Realm creatures be spared?
Just after the four Withered Blood Clan members died, two blood-colored dots appeared in the immortal painting.
When they saw the two blood-colored dots, their hearts were in suspense again.
"What's going on?"
"Since when was the first page of the immortal painting so dangerous?"
"Two more died …"
The two blood-colored lights fell into another Nirvana Realm creature. The Nirvana Realm creatures' faces turned extremely ugly.
"It might be an accident!"
"Although it's rare for people to die on the first page, there have been cases in history …"
"They can only blame it on their bad luck!"
In history, there weren't many who died on the first page of the immortal painting. Occasionally, one or two people would die. However, the opening of the immortal painting this time was indeed a little strange.
Just when the Nirvana Realm creatures thought it was an accident, dozens of blood-colored dots suddenly appeared on the first page of the immortal painting!
The moment these blood-red dots appeared, the entire Bronze Plains fell silent.
The Nirvana Realm creatures who were looking up at the sky widened their eyes and opened their mouths wide. They could not utter a single word. The blood-red dots were like a shocking pattern, telling every Nirvana Realm creature the bad news that happened on the first page.
"Swish swish swish swish …"
Dozens of bloody lights intersected and shot down from the immortal scroll. Every time they hit a Sanqing Stone, it meant that the Nirvana Realm creature in the Sanqing Stone had died.
"This, this, this … how could this be!" Gan Gaohan's voice was somewhat anxious.
"Will Luo Zheng be alright?" Ning Xuyuan was much calmer.
"There's a bloody light coming!" Li Bianxue suddenly pointed.
A beam of blood-red light from the Immortal Picture Scroll shot toward them. When they saw this blood-red light, the hearts of the people from the Heavenly Palace suddenly tightened.
Swish!
In the end, the beam of blood-red light still deviated slightly and landed on a nearby Sanqing Stone. Hanging on that Sanqing Stone was a member of the Purple Cloud Clan!
The people from the Heavenly Palace finally heaved a sigh of relief when they saw the beam of blood-red light landing on the ground.
Fortunately, it was not Luo Zheng …
The people from the Heavenly Palace were relieved, but the people from the Purple Cloud Clan were depressed.
This time, there were a total of five people from the Purple Cloud Clan who entered the Immortal Picture Scroll. Other than the leader "Wu Dang," the one who was most likely to reach the Immortal Realm was the one who died. How could they not feel distressed?
After dozens of blood-red lights landed, the Nirvana Realm creatures still looked up at the Immortal Picture Scroll.
So many people died on the first page in one breath. The remaining people might not be able to survive alone.
As expected …
After a short while, hundreds of blood-red dots appeared on the Immortal Picture Scroll again. Hundreds of people died again!
After the blood-red light landed, a white flash flashed across the Bronze Plains in the distance.
The relief sculpture on the Bronze Plains refreshed again. The Nirvana Realm creatures once again looked at the Sanqing Stones of those who died.
The anchoring bodies around the Sanqing Stones had been torn into pieces and scattered on the ground …
…
Inside the Immortal Picture Scroll, there was a bloody storm, but the Nirvana Realm creatures in the picture scroll were very calm.
The area of the Immortal Picture Scroll was quite large. Moreover, because it had turned into a picture, the Nirvana Realm creatures' vision was very limited. They could not see areas that were slightly further away. Naturally, they did not know that so many people had died.
Luo Zheng's position was relatively remote, so he managed to avoid these deadly tapirs.
But when he looked in one direction for a curly-up beast, he suddenly found a black area spread out on the ground.
Luo Zheng thought it was a curly-up curly-up beast. Just when he rushed forward excitedly, he found that it was a torn "picture" and the black area spread out on the ground was blood!
"This is a Nirvana Realm creature, not a curly-up beast. How could it be torn into pieces?"
Luo Zheng was a little surprised, "Senior Heavenly Primogenitor, didn't you say that the first page was not dangerous?"
The Heavenly Primogenitor did not expect such a thing to happen. He thought for a while and said, "Maybe it's an individual phenomenon. Some Nirvana Realm creatures are too weak."
"After all, they have achieved the Body of Eternity. What kind of Nirvana Realm creature would lose to a curly-up beast?" Luo Zheng felt that the Heavenly Primogenitor's analysis was untenable.
The Heavenly Primogenitor also felt a little strange and added, "Maybe some curly-up beasts that should not have appeared on the first page appeared. This possibility is very small, but it still exists …"
If so, Luo Zheng naturally had to be careful.
Just when the Heavenly Primogenitor and Luo Zheng were analyzing, three Nirvana Realm creatures suddenly rushed over from afar. They were the three Nirvana Realm creatures who killed the curly-up beast before Luo Zheng did!
It seemed that something was chasing them from behind. The three Nirvana Realm creatures were running at an incredible speed, and they were still calling for help while running!
Luo Zheng did not react, but the Heavenly Primogenitor had already noticed.
"That's a tapir! A tapir appeared on the first page? Luo Zheng, run! "The Heavenly Primogenitor quickly warned.
"A tapir?"
Luo Zheng was stunned for a moment. The Heavenly Primogenitor's urgent voice revealed extreme danger!
He saw a black silhouette that appeared and disappeared from time to time chasing after the three Nirvana Realm creatures.
The black silhouette that disappeared and appeared again was extremely fast. In less than a breath, it had already caught up with the three Nirvana Realm creatures.

Chapter 3395
"Hurry up and leave! Why are you in a daze! "
Seeing Luo Zheng standing still, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin urged him.
The blooming black 'ink' was mixed with the body, and the appearance of the Nirvana Realm creature could no longer be seen clearly. However, the three Nirvana Realm creatures were most likely dead.
Luo Zheng, who came back to his senses, waved his hands and feet fiercely and began to run wildly in the other direction.
Although it was difficult to coordinate running like a crab, at the moment of life and death, his speed was surprisingly fast …
After killing the three Nirvana Realm creatures, the Insect Tapir naturally noticed Luo Zheng. It stood up gently from the scroll, and the silhouette projected on the scroll quickly 'disappeared', leaving only four round black spots. The four black spots were the Insect Tapir's four legs.
They were the projections that stepped on the immortal scroll.
As the Insect Tapir leaped up, the four black spots disappeared as well!
The Insect Tapir was running in a higher level of space. In Luo Zheng's eyes, it disappeared, reappeared, disappeared again, and reappeared again …
Every time it reappeared, the Insect Tapir was a little closer to him!
"That thing is so fast!" Luo Zheng's face was full of nervousness.
"That's why I urged you to leave as soon as possible. You're still watching the show," the Heavenly Lord of the Origin said hurriedly.
Ever since Luo Zheng carried the Human Tribe's weapon of civilization, he had encountered a few crises. However, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin always seemed to have a perfect plan. He had never been so anxious before.
After all, the Heavenly Lord of the Origin always had a backup plan when Luo Zheng encountered trouble before, or he knew that Luo Zheng could handle it.
However, this time Luo Zheng was in the immortal scroll, and he was a picture in the scroll.
It was very inconvenient for him to move in the form in the scroll, let alone use other means. The most terrible thing was that he could not get out of the immortal scroll voluntarily.
Every time the immortal scroll was opened, he could only enter but not leave.
Even if he was trapped in the first page because he could not kill enough beasts in the scroll, he had to wait until the immortal scroll was closed before he could be ejected.
Under such circumstances, there was basically no possibility of escaping if he encountered a Insect Tapir alone!
"What should we do now?" Luo Zheng asked hurriedly.
In a short period of time, the Insect Tapir was less than three meters away from him. If this continued, he would definitely die in a few breaths of time.
"What can we do …"
The Primeval Lord of Heaven was also thinking quickly.
With such a huge limitation, no method would work.
He really wanted to tell Luo Zheng that he had no other choice but to resign himself to fate, but when the gloominess in his stomach gathered at the tip of his tongue, it all turned into one word: "Run."
When Luo Zheng rushed forward for a distance, the Insect Tapir was less than a foot away from Luo Zheng.
When the tapir disappeared and reappeared, it would probably pounce on him!
The tapir disappeared from Luo Zheng's sight …
The moment the Insect Tapir disappeared, Luo Zheng suddenly stopped and ran in the opposite direction.
The Worm Tapir did not expect that Luo Zheng would be in such a situation, so it would definitely pounce in the wrong direction.
Although Luo Zheng knew that he couldn't get rid of them in the end, he could still fight for a little bit of time.
Luo Zheng's strategy was indeed effective.
The Insect Tapir on the immortal picture scroll had already jumped up high and pounced on Luo Zheng in the picture. When Luo Zheng turned back, the Insect Tapir was about to pounce on nothing.
However, when the Insect Tapir jumped up, a big black hand appeared out of nowhere and grabbed the Insect Tapir in the air with a gentle lift. At the same time, the "crying face" suspended in the air said gloomily, "I can kill other people, but he can't.
No way … "
After the ferocious Insect Tapir was lifted up by the big hand, it curled up like a well-behaved kitten.
The big hand tossed the Insect Tapir gently, drawing a parabola, it fell into another part of the immortal picture scroll again, and there were two Nirvana Realm creatures in this place!
"Woo …"
The black Insect Tapir showed its fangs again.
When Luo Zheng turned back, he ran in another direction.
He had fooled the Insect Tapir …
But after it landed, it would probably chase after him again …
As Luo Zheng was thinking, he was also observing the Insect Tapir's movements. However, after a few breaths of time, he found that the Insect Tapir had disappeared!
The Insect Tapir that had just disappeared did not appear again, it had completely disappeared!
"Senior Heavenly Lord Yuanshi …"
"I'm not sure either," Heavenly Lord Yuanshi was also staring at that area. The Insect Tapir did not appear again within that area.
"After the Insect Tapir pounces on nothing, will it fall somewhere else?" Luo Zheng asked.
"Impossible …" Heavenly Lord Yuanshi shook his head and said, "Such a big piece of immortal picture scroll is an absolute flat surface, where can it fall?"
However, Heavenly Lord Yuanshi could not explain why the Insect Tapir disappeared, but no matter what, Luo Zheng had saved his life.
Luo Zheng, who had survived the disaster, did not stay in the same place for too long, but continued to move forward in another direction.
Along the way, Luo Zheng still did not encounter any rolling beasts, but he saw many creatures of the Nirvana Realm dying tragically. They either turned into black puddles, or their bodies were cut into many pieces and scattered on the immortal picture scroll.
"These creatures of the Nirvana Realm were all killed by the Insect Tapir?" Luo Zheng asked with a solemn expression.
Even if the Insect Tapir was very agile and had a wide range of activities, it was impossible to kill so many creatures of the Nirvana Realm in such a short time.
Then, there was only one possibility. There was more than one Insect Tapir on the first page, and there were probably many of them.
Just as Luo Zheng came to this conclusion, a thin and long silhouette came from not far away. It was a member of the Ziyun Clan.
Among the creatures of the Nirvana Realm, the Ziyun Clan was the fastest. Naturally, this member of the Ziyun Clan was no match for the Insect Tapir, but it ran all the way to avoid being killed by the Insect Tapir. However, behind the Ziyun Clan, five to six Insect Tapirs suddenly appeared.
They were faintly seen, and were chasing after the Ziyun Clan.
With one chasing the other, they passed by Luo Zheng just like that. It seemed that both parties had neglected Luo Zheng …
The massacre on the immortal picture scroll lasted for the time it took to burn two sticks of incense. The crying face in the space suddenly turned into a smiling face, "Oh, it seems like we've eliminated too many …"
The face originally wanted to eliminate more than half of the creatures of the Nirvana Realm, but now the creatures of the Nirvana Realm scattered on the immortal picture scroll were decreasing. If they did not stop now, it would be a matter of time before they were all wiped out.
As he waved his hand, all the Insect Tapirs received the order to stop chasing.
Those creatures of the Nirvana Realm who were exhausted from running finally took a breath …
"What's the next step? Start to guide him now? Pull him out directly? "the smiling face asked.
The crying face shook his head, "Don't be so obvious. Let him enter the second page first."
Then, the big hand grabbed the brush and painted on the immortal picture scroll again. After the rolling beasts were continuously generated, they gathered towards Luo Zheng from all directions.

Chapter 3396
Although Luo Zheng's current appearance was awkward, he could make do with it after getting used to it for so long.
The rolling beasts that rushed over were very fragile, at least much more fragile than Luo Zheng.
No matter if it was a large or small beast, as long as he grabbed it with his hand and tore it gently, it would be torn apart like rotten hemp rope.
The dead rolling beasts were like ink stains on paper, flying towards Luo Zheng's body and lingering around him.
These ink stains fell from the immortal painting scroll and turned into wisps of black smoke, shooting directly into Luo Zheng's Sanqing Stone.
"Finally, there's black smoke coming in," Li Bianxue next to him showed a hint of joy.
The people of the Heavenly Palace also knew that Luo Zheng had attracted a lot of attention. His previous performance was really too bad.
The only thing that made them feel gratified was that so many Nirvana Realm creatures had died in the immortal painting scroll. The immortal painting scroll had clearly turned into an Asura Field, but Luo Zheng seemed to have preserved his life!
They didn't expect that Luo Zheng would finally start to hunt rolling beasts now!
"Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …"
The wisps of black smoke gathered from top to bottom, and the speed of the black smoke was increasing.
"Good heavens, how many rolling beasts did Luo Zheng kill in one go?" Gan Gaohan took a deep breath.
Although he had never entered the immortal painting scroll, he still had some understanding from the ancient books. Luo Zheng's speed of collecting black smoke was really abnormal.
Those Nirvana Realm creatures who were originally paying attention to Luo Zheng had all chosen to give up. After all, almost every Nirvana Realm race had lost a lot of people. Now, the descending black smoke attracted their attention again.
"What's going on with Luo Zheng?"
"How can he be so fast? Could it be that he encountered a large group of rolling beasts?"
"So many people died in the immortal painting scroll, could it be related to him?"
There was no doubt that so many people died in the immortal painting scroll this time, something abnormal must have happened. And Luo Zheng's current performance was also abnormal. It was no wonder that they would associate the two together.
However, let alone them, even Luo Zheng in the immortal painting scroll was also in a state of shock.
There were simply too many Curly Beasts charging at him ….
Like lambs waiting to be slaughtered, circles of black curly beasts surrounded him in three layers, three layers on the inside and three layers on the outside.
"Senior Heavenly Primogenitor, what do you think is the point of killing these Curly Beasts?"
Luo Zheng kept waving his hands, and all the curly beasts that got close to him were torn to pieces. At the same time, Luo Zheng was a little confused, "Senior Heavenly Primogenitor, the immortal picture scroll is also a trial. What is the use of this black smoke?"
Both the Soul City and the Disintegrated Bone Land were easy to understand. The Soul City allowed one's soul to enter a new realm, while the Disintegrated Bone Land allowed one's physical body to enter a new realm. On paper, one's strength would increase by a level.
Although the Immortal Painting required one to obtain a bloodline, what was the point of obtaining the black smoke after killing the beast in the painting?
"This black smoke is actually a medium," Heavenly Primogenitor said, "The place where the bloodline is obtained has already left the Chaos and gone to the Xuanliang World. If you enter the Xuanliang World in a normal form, I believe you know how difficult it is."
Luo Zheng had been to the Xuanliang World. After entering, he had completely lost himself and could not distinguish between time and space. He was even more blind and deaf than a blind person.
If Luo Zheng was like this, the others were naturally not much better.
If the bloodline was really like a treasure placed on the ground, the creatures in the Chaos would not have the ability to pick it up, or they would not even understand what the ground was and what the bloodline was.
Of course, Luo Nian was an exception.
Transforming into the special form of the curly beasts was only the first step, and merging with the black smoke was the second step. This medium could also be considered a disguised test.
Other than Luo Zheng, the other creatures of the Nirvana Realm were also busy killing the curly beasts.
The group of "Insect Tapirs" had eliminated more than two-thirds of the creatures of the Nirvana Realm. The competitors in the Immortal Painting were reduced by more than half, so the competition was naturally not so fierce. The curly beasts that were scattered around naturally did not need to be fought over.
No one could guarantee that a group of Insect Tapirs would not come to clean up the first page. The best way was to quickly enter the second page in a short time.
Wisps of black smoke in the Immortal Painting kept descending and quickly rushed into the Three-Clarities Stone. Among them, Luo Zheng's Three-Clarities Stone was the most exaggerated. The black smoke was like an endless column of smoke …
It lasted for about half an hour. Luo Zheng did not know how many curly beasts he had killed. When he had almost merged with the black smoke, he suddenly felt his body sink.
It felt as if someone had poured a large amount of lead into his body. The white ground of the Immortal Painting suddenly sank, and Luo Zheng had already fallen into it.
From white to black, and then from black to white, it only took a moment.
When Luo Zheng's vision recovered, he found that he was still in a squashed state, lying on the Immortal Painting …
"The second page is no different from the first page …"
"No, you can walk around and see," Heavenly Lord Yuanshi reminded him.
Luo Zheng moved upward for a distance and saw two lines.
As he continued to move upward, he found that the two lines were an outline of a road, and on both sides of the road were patches of black thorns.
Although it was a painting of thorns, Heavenly Lord Yuanshi did not hesitate to warn that it was fatal.
Even without Heavenly Lord Yuanshi's warning, Luo Zheng would not be so bored as to step on it.
According to his previous understanding, the first page of the painting was a process of absorbing the medium, and the second page of the Immortal Painting was actually a transition area between the World of Xuanliang and the Chaos. In a sense, the third page had already arrived at the World of Xuanliang.
The Underworld.
The key to determining what could be obtained in the World of Xuanliang was the second page.
Luo Zheng walked along the road for quite a long distance. The two lines curved into an arc in the distance, and the arc opened outward to form an open platform, and there were already other Nirvana Realm creatures on the platform.
Luo Zheng was not the first to enter the second page. When the worms and tapirs appeared, there were already Nirvana Realm creatures who had hunted down enough curly beasts. Naturally, these Nirvana Realm creatures were "lucky" to avoid the massacre.
Luo Zheng was most familiar with the figure on the left side of the platform. The figure was exactly the same as a human, but there was an extra eye painted on the forehead. Naturally, it was a member of the Three-Eyed Clan.
Looking at the round face, Luo Zheng was sure that it was Fei Yu of the Three-Eyed Clan.
Fei Yu also noticed Luo Zheng, "Brother Luo Zheng, you have also entered the second page."
"What's wrong?"
Luo Zheng noticed that the moment he entered the platform, all the Nirvana Realm creatures, including Fei Yu, surrounded him.

Chapter 3397
Behind the door, two straight lines extended upward, forming another thin and long path.
Wu Dang from the Purple Cloud Tribe seemed to have no intention of finding trouble with Luo Zheng. After passing through the door, he took the lead and rushed to the front.
The other Nirvana Realm creatures followed behind him one after another.
This time, the Three-Eyed Tribe sent a total of three people into the Immortal Picture Scroll. It was a good result that only one of them died.
After most of the Nirvana Realm creatures had entered the door, Luo Zheng waved his hands and feet and began to climb up horizontally.
Fei Yu and Kuai Jian were the last to enter the door. They deliberately waited for Luo Zheng to move forward together. However, when the two Three-Eyed Tribe members saw Luo Zheng's movement, they suddenly laughed.
"Brother Luo Zheng, in fact, there is a better way to move in our form," Fei Yu said.
In fact, when Luo Zheng entered the circular platform, Fei Yu had noticed his strange way of walking.
"What way?" Luo Zheng asked.
The Three-Eyed Tribe and the Human Tribe were similar in appearance. If Fei Yu and Kuai Jian didn't have a better way, Luo Zheng could also use it.
Fei Yu suddenly stretched his hands up and then suddenly swung them down. His whole body scuttled toward the top of the Immortal Picture Scroll for a distance …
"Isn't this swimming?"
Luo Zheng raised his eyebrows slightly.
"Yes, something like swimming should be the fastest way," Fei Yu said. "That kind of thing you …"
Luo Zheng also stretched out his hands and swung them to both sides. His whole body also scuttled for a distance.
Moving forward in this way was fast and convenient …
"Senior Yuanshi Tianzun …"
Luo Zheng didn't believe that the Yuanshi Tianzun didn't know about this method.
"Well, I thought you were used to walking like a crab, so I didn't remind you," the Yuanshi Tianzun answered with a smile.
"…"
Luo Zheng had been moving forward along the path planned by the two thin lines as if he was swimming.
After moving forward a certain distance, the circular platform at the bottom disappeared, and something at the top was still not visible.
"This road is just outlined by two lines. What will happen if we cross the two sides of the line?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.
Fei Yu knew that this was Luo Zheng's first time entering the Immortal Scroll, so it was normal for him to have such an opinion.
"This road is not as simple as two lines," Fei Yu said. "Without this road, this area would be a bottomless abyss. Well, there will be a place for you to observe in the middle of this road."
"Observe the bottomless abyss?" Luo Zheng's interest was immediately piqued.
"Mm." Fei Yu nodded.
After following this path for an unknown distance, the path above suddenly opened up again.
However, this was not the end, but the middle of the road.
In the middle of this path, there were a few small rings, and within the rings was a hexagonal star formation.
Just as Luo Zheng was about to ask, Fei Yu answered first, "Standing on the hexagonal star formation, you will be able to see the surrounding environment."
There were six hexagonal star formations in this open area, but most of the Nirvana Realm creatures had probably seen it many times and were not interested in it. When they passed by the open area, they did not have the slightest intention of stopping and directly crossed it.
As Luo Zheng's first time, he was full of curiosity about the Immortal Scroll. After hearing Fei Yu's words, Luo Zheng hurriedly stood on the hexagonal star formation.
Rather than standing, it was more like crawling. After all, there was no concept of "height" in the Immortal Scroll. Luo Zheng was actually lying on the ground and crawling little by little.
Just as Luo Zheng stood on the hexagonal star formation, everything around him changed.
Originally, he could only see a flat surface of himself and the surrounding scene, but at this moment, Luo Zheng seemed to have returned to his original form.
He found himself on a slender black bridge, and outside the bridge was a dark bottomless abyss!
"Do you understand now?" The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning also laughed at the side.
"Crossing those two lines means crossing the bridge and falling into the bottomless abyss," Luo Zheng nodded.
Standing on the hexagonal star formation, Luo Zheng gained a short period of freedom, so naturally, he seized the opportunity to move his limbs.
"To be precise, you are actually lost in the path between the Chaos and the Xuanliang World," The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning corrected Luo Zheng.
There was no lack of such people in history, who jumped off the bridge out of curiosity.
Once entering the bottomless abyss, it was equivalent to being lost forever.
As Luo Zheng moved his limbs, he looked down at the bridge again. The lines outlined in the scroll were very exquisite here. On the bridge, Luo Zheng saw Fei Yu and Kuai Jian.
Now, these two people of the Three-Eyed Clan were no longer formed by lines, but their original appearance was imprinted on the bridge.
After observing for a while, Luo Zheng prepared to withdraw from the hexagonal star formation.
But at this moment, Luo Zheng suddenly felt a chill on his back. He turned his head and saw a crying face faintly floating in the distant darkness, staring at him.
"What is that?"
Luo Zheng was shocked.
But the crying face only appeared for a moment before it was hidden in the darkness.
When the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning looked over, the face had already disappeared …
"What did you see?" The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning was puzzled.
"A face!" Luo Zheng was very sure.
After all, the bright lines floating in the darkness were very clear.
"Could it be a mistake?" The Heavenly Lord of the Beginning muttered.
According to the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning's judgment, there must be some kind of creature presiding over the Immortal Painting, but it had never appeared for countless Chaos Epochs.
But Luo Zheng had just entered the Immortal Painting, and that creature had appeared?
"It shouldn't be a mistake …"
Luo Zheng was very sure, but after thinking about it, he had stayed in the Immortal Painting for a long time, so it was inevitable that he would have an illusion when he returned to this form.
He glanced around and found no abnormalities, so he could only shrug his shoulders and step out of the hexagonal star formation.
The moment Luo Zheng left the hexagonal star formation, his whole body lay on the ground again.
Although there was no pain in switching between the two forms, it was still very awkward …
"Brother Luo Zheng, did you see this bridge clearly?" Fei Yu asked with a smile.
"Yes, it is indeed dangerous."
Luo Zheng didn't mention the matter of the face to Fei Yu and the others.
The three of them fell on the tail and continued to move forward. After walking the remaining half of the journey, the lines in front of them suddenly became complicated.
It was a huge and complicated maze, also known as the Endless Maze in Pingyi Heaven.
Seeing this maze, Luo Zheng was somewhat speechless.
Generally speaking, mazes could be misled by complicated high walls, and people inside could get lost.

Chapter 3398
Phoenix had described the Cold Prison to be so scary. He had to be careful when he walked through it.
Fortunately, the Cold Prison was special. Although the temperature in the Cold Prison was terrifyingly low, he would not be hurt because he was close to the Cold Prison.
"By the way, you said that the Cold Prison is not the coldest, but only the third lowest?" Luo Zheng asked.
Judging from the phenomenon in the Cold Prison, it was probably extremely cold. Even time and space changed qualitatively under this temperature. Luo Zheng could not imagine any other environment with a lower temperature.
"You will see the second lowest soon," Phoenix said. "However, the lowest temperature in the Nirvana Realm should be in the 33 Levels of Heaven. I have only heard of it, but I have never seen it."
"I will see it soon …"
Luo Zheng suppressed his curiosity and walked slowly on the path in the Cold Prison with his Yuan Ling Divine Fire.
It took about an hour to pass through the "Cold Prison" depression. Then, a huge frozen object appeared in front of Luo Zheng.
"A temple?" Luo Zheng looked at it.
"Maybe, but no one can be sure." Phoenix shrugged.
It looked like a temple sealed in ice, but the temple itself was built in a unique way. It did not look like a temple, but a huge metal box.
"Which civilization would build a temple like this?" Li Bianxue shook her head.
"Has anyone explored this temple before?" Luo Zheng asked.
Phoenix shook her head. "Look carefully at the outer layer of ice."
Luo Zheng stared at it for a while and raised his eyebrows slightly.
This layer of ice also gave people a lot of pressure. It was similar to the Cold Prison.
"This box is the place with the second lowest temperature," the Phoenix Girl said calmly. "If you want to condense a thumb-sized piece of ice in the Cold Prison, you need to pour the entire ocean's water into it. Look there …"
There was a Cold Prison not far away on the left. This Cold Prison was a little special. The other Cold Prisons were empty, but this one had a small piece of ice in the center. This piece of ice was only the size of a thumb …
Luo Zheng thought of what Phoenix said just now. He opened his mouth slightly and asked, "That ice is …"
"It used up the equivalent of the water in the Ming Hai Continent," Phoenix replied.
The Ming Hai Continent was a neutral continent. There was an island and a city in the continent. The rest of the continent was the sea …
"If it takes an entire sea to condense a thumb-sized piece of ice, then the ice around this huge metal box …" Li Bianxue took a deep breath....
"It requires an astronomical amount of water to condense. Is there so much water in this world?" Luo Zheng asked doubtfully.
......................... at least..................
There were too many similar secrets in the Paramita. The Yuan Ling civilization had been active in the Paramita for over a thousand chaos eras, but they still couldn't figure it out.
Luo Zheng nodded. He stared at the cover and walked around the metal box.
In fact, Luo Zheng felt a sense of familiarity when he first saw the metal box. The shape of the metal box was very similar to the Instrument of Civilization of the Executive Civilization.
However, the shape was very simple. It was normal for it to be similar, so he didn't say it out loud.
But just as Luo Zheng and the others walked from the back of the metal box to the front, the voice of the Heavenly Lord of Origin was suddenly heard. "Luo Zheng, the Instrument of Civilization of the Tianzhi Civilization has issued another mission."
Hearing this, Luo Zheng was slightly stunned.
The Tianzhi Civilization had been tirelessly issuing missions, but Luo Zheng wasn't interested in accepting missions. Naturally, he ignored those missions.
However, ever since the Heavenly Lord of Origin entered the inner world, he sent people to guard the Instrument of Civilization. They categorized the missions issued by the Instrument of Civilization and recorded them.
The recorder tirelessly categorized the missions into different categories, such as Heavenly, Earthly, Grade-A, and Grade-B. Almost every word was recorded in the book, and then reported to the Primeval Lord of Heaven meticulously.
Today, the Tianzhi Civilization suddenly issued a mission.
"Special Mission: Return to the core of the Tianzhi Civilization!"
"Reward: None!"
This strange mission stunned the recorder.
Every day, the item of civilization would give out different quests, such as the level of the quest, the rewards, and so on.
Now, an extremely special mission had suddenly appeared. This made the recorder feel even more incredulous.
The Heavenly Lord of the Origin had also instructed him to report to the Heavenly Lord of the Origin immediately if there was anything unusual. The recorder naturally hurriedly passed this matter to the Heavenly Lord of the Origin, and the Heavenly Lord of the Origin decisively reminded Luo Zheng.
"Special Mission …"
"Return to the core of the Tianzhi Civilization …"
A strange expression appeared on Luo Zheng's face.
If that was the case, then the Tianzhi Civilization was really related to this huge metal box. Was this metal box the core of the Tianzhi Civilization?
He, Phoenix, and Li Bianxue went around the metal box and finally arrived in front of it.
And at that moment, the huge metal box changed.
A red light flickered slightly …
After the red light passed from the bottom of the metal box to the top, the metal box began to tremble slightly.
"What's going on?"
When Phoenix saw this scene, her expression changed greatly.
This huge metal box had stood on the second layer of the Ice Wasteland for countless years.
Not to mention seeing the metal box move, no one had even approached it …
The sudden occurrence of such a situation naturally gave Phoenix Maiden a fright.
"Crack!"
The ice on the surface of the metal box cracked.
Just a thumb-sized piece of ice required the condensation of a sea of water. One could imagine the power required to shatter such a thick piece of ice!
"Retreat, quick!"
A fist-sized piece of ice fell from above and smashed into the Ice Wasteland.
"Crack!"
This piece of highly condensed ice was equivalent to the condensation of several large states' worth of seawater.
The upper layer of the Ice Wasteland was unable to hold it up. This piece of ice directly smashed into the layer of ice, penetrated the thick layer of ice, and smashed into the first layer of the Ice Wasteland.
Fortunately, the first layer of the Ice Wasteland was an uninhabited area. The piece of ice did not smash into any living beings' heads. It only left a small hole in the ground before disappearing without a trace …
There were still many pieces of ice falling off like that.
For safety reasons, Luo Zheng, Phoenix, and the others all retreated. After waiting for a while, most of the ice on the front of the metal box had fallen off.
A dark red light quietly appeared, outlining the shape of a door in front of the metal box.
"This sealed metal box can actually be entered?" Phoenix became excited.

Chapter 3399
After the other Nirvana creatures entered the labyrinth without hesitation, Luo Zheng, Fei Yu, and Kuai Jian also entered.
The labyrinth itself was not complicated, or rather, the purpose of this labyrinth was not to trap the Nirvana creatures, but to guide them to accept the test.
If one was strong enough, he would be qualified to pass through the labyrinth and go to the third page to choose his bloodline.
Those who were weak would either be eliminated or die directly.
The rules to become strong had always been very cold.
"This form can't reflect one's strength at all …" Luo Zheng complained to the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning.
Now, the form of the painting was even restricted, and the actual combat ability was also greatly reduced.
Luo Zheng was not the first to complain.
If it was to select the Nirvana creatures who were more qualified to obtain the bloodline ability, it could be done through other methods, such as holding a competition somewhere in Pingyi Heaven, or setting up a trial ground similar to the Soul City or the Land of Bones of Calamity.
Land.
But the form in the scroll was neither human nor ghost, and it could not reflect one's true strength.
"Don't worry, I won't let you maintain this form forever," the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning said with a smile. "You have already tried it on the Hexagonal Star Formation."
"Senior, are you saying that there is a Hexagonal Star Formation in the labyrinth?" Luo Zheng's eyes lit up.
Returning to his original form, like a drowning person climbing ashore, he naturally hoped to fight in his normal form.
"Yes," the Heavenly Lord of the Beginning nodded.
In fact, the immortal scroll was designed this way because it was too difficult to build a passage from the chaos to the Nirvana Realm.
In the whirlpool state, it was quite difficult to transport creatures one by one, even for the mysterious civilization. Perhaps it was because of stubbornness, the Moment civilization still chose to set the trial ground in the passage.
Inside.
Therefore, every Nirvana creature that entered the passage could only be squashed into a painting reluctantly.
This squashed state was indeed unable to display one's strength, and even the Moment civilization could not make the Nirvana creatures maintain their original form in the passage, so they finally came to a compromise, which was the Hexagonal Star Formation.
After entering the labyrinth for some distance, the first fork appeared, and the Nirvana creatures chose left and right after a simple choice.
Luo Zheng had already learned that it didn't matter which path you took in the maze. As long as you were strong enough, you could reach the end of any path!
Even though that was the case, every fork had different curled up beasts.
Some of the Nirvana Realm races had already concluded the rules and naturally had their own choices.
As for Luo Zheng, he was completely clueless.
"Brother Luo Zheng, do you want to choose the left or the right?" Fei Yu stopped and asked.
"This … is there a difference between left and right?"
Luo Zheng hoped that the Heavenly Lord of the Origin would give him some advice. However, according to the Heavenly Lord of the Origin, the arrangement of the rolling beasts in the Unbroken Labyrinth had changed a lot after such a long time.
"Of course there's a difference." Fei Yu said, "Based on the last ten times the Immortal Paintings were opened, the right side is more likely to encounter disaster creatures, Spying Monsters, and other troublesome things. The left side is much safer!"
"Then why did they choose the right side?" Luo Zheng wondered.
Beside him, Kuai Jian looked as if he was used to it. "The information collected by each race is different. Maybe it's easier for them to go from the right side."
"Brother Luo Zheng, since it's your first time entering the Unbroken Labyrinth, you can come with us," Fei Yu invited.
Although Fei Yu didn't see Luo Zheng personally take action, he must have his merits since he was invited by two big races.
"Sure."
Luo Zheng didn't refuse. Although the Heavenly Lord of the Origin was guiding the way, the changes in the Immortal Paintings were dynamic. Moreover, he didn't have any ill feelings towards the Three-Eyed Race.
Going straight in from the left side, there were several forks in the road.
Every time a fork appeared, a portion of the Nirvana creatures would be separated. After going through four forks, only the three of them were left. At this moment, two wavy thin lines outlined the labyrinth in front of them.
They were curved and crooked.
On both sides of the thin line, there was something in the shape of an arc. It was unknown what it was, but it was stuck to the wall.
"Brother Luo Zheng, we have to walk quickly once we enter this path. The things attached to the walls are poisonous leeches. It'll be troublesome if we get entangled by them," Fei Yu warned.
This was the dangerous part of this path. As long as they passed through this section, the rest of the path would be easier.
"Understood." Luo Zheng nodded.
After the three of them prepared at the intersection, they suddenly sped along the crooked path.
Luo Zheng changed his way of moving forward. His speed wasn't slower than Fei Yu and Kuai Jian's. The three of them seemed to be swimming in a river, sprinting upwards.
Just as they entered the winding tunnel, the arc-shaped objects on both sides of the tunnel suddenly broke apart. Insects as thick as an arm crawled out from the cracks. These insects seemed to have a pair of wings, and they flapped their wings as they charged straight at them.
It turned out that the circular objects were eggs, and these disgusting insects were hidden in the eggs …
As Luo Zheng followed closely behind, he didn't forget to observe the beasts in the rolls.
"Brother Luo Zheng, follow closely. Don't fight with the poisonous leeches. They're almost endless!" Fei Yu didn't forget to remind Luo Zheng as he rushed to the front.
The poisonous leeches themselves weren't very strong, but there were many of them and they were extremely poisonous. Therefore, most Nirvana creatures weren't willing to take this path.
But at this moment, Kuai Jian suddenly exclaimed, "Fei Yu, there's something wrong with the eggs in front of us!"
Fei Yu's expression changed when he saw what was in front of him.
There was a faint layer of black on the surface of the eggs in front of them.
These white eggs were ordinary poisonous leeches. The black layer of poisonous leeches on the surface was called Cold Poison Leeches. These Cold Poison Leeches were much stronger than ordinary poisonous leeches.
In fact, there had always been Cold Poison Leeches on this path, but there were only one or two at the end of the path.
Although the Cold Poison Leeches were difficult to deal with, it wasn't a big problem as long as they ran fast enough.
But now, they had only traveled half the way and encountered so many Cold Poison Leeches. This was something Fei Yu didn't expect.
"We can only rush over now!" Fei Yu clenched his teeth and said.
Behind them, the poisonous leeches that were flapping their wings blotted out the sky and covered the earth. They had practically blocked off all paths of retreat. It was impossible to retreat even if they wanted to.
Now, they had no other choice but to grit their teeth and rush out.
When the black eggs cracked, they were accompanied by a cold chill.
Luo Zheng, Fei Yu, and the others felt the temperature around them drop a lot. From the eggs, black Cold Poison Leeches flew out and surrounded them from both sides.
Fei Yu and Kuai Jian walked at the front and suddenly stretched out their bodies, dodging this batch of Cold Poison Leeches.
Luo Zheng brought up the rear and was blocked by these Cold Poison Leeches.

Chapter 3400
Luo Zheng had long heard of the Ji Chou Civilization.
This civilization advocated using a different method to complete the Dao of Finality.
They seemed to have completely abandoned the idea of relying on the Paramita. Instead, they used their understanding of space, time, and energy to complete the Dao of Finality.
It was said that this civilization had once almost completed the Dao of Finality. But the majority of civilizations did not believe it. Furthermore, the Ji Chou Civilization did not leave many things behind in the long river of history. That rumor of almost completing the Dao of Finality was not widely spread.
Even so, it was caught by Heavenly Venerable of Primeval Origin. At the same time, he stuffed the information regarding the energy axis into the Six Vein Blood Steadying Tree. In the end, Li Shan chose to let Luo Yan nurture the energy axis.
Hence, Luo Yan had once used the energy axis in the Chaotic Origin Great World.
But that was merely the embryonic form of the energy axis. The true energy axis could complete the transformation of time, space, and energy. Its power was unimaginable!
Phoenix and Li Bianxue did not have much of a reaction towards the green figure.
Li Bianxue had never heard of the "Ji Chou Civilization" and the Tian Zhi Civilization. Phoenix had heard of them before, but she did not feel that this civilization was very formidable. She was only curious. How could this unknown civilization survive two Primal Chaos eras? How could they construct their temple here?
"A civilization can only survive one Primal Chaos Epoch. How could you survive two?" Luo Zheng asked.
This question was asked by Heavenly Venerable of Primeval Origin to Luo Zheng.
Heavenly Venerable of Primeval Origin had paid a huge price to spread the Human Race. He only succeeded when the Paramita was crossing Primal Chaos Epochs.
This Tian Zhi Civilization actually became a Ruler civilization in two Primal Chaos Epochs. This had never happened before!
"Because we found the method of inheritance." The green figure answered, "Our Ji Chou Civilization is different from all your civilizations …"
As the green figure spoke, many insects hatched on the wall in front of Luo Zheng.
The abdomen of these insects would emit light like fireflies. Furthermore, the light emitted could be controlled freely. Hence, it was always flickering.
"The main body of our Ji Chou Civilization is them." The green figure said.
Luo Zheng nodded. His expression did not change.
A civilization formed by insects. This was very common.
At the very least, the green jade civilization and the metal civilization were rarer than the insect civilization.
"In our civilization, the males can release blue light, and the females can release green light …"
Countless neatly arranged bugs appeared on the screen.
A female bug and a male bug formed a pair, and they had red and green lights. Countless bugs formed pairs, and they continuously flashed with red and blue lights.
"What the hell is this?" Luo Zheng looked at the red and green lights with a puzzled expression.
Phoenix and Li Bianxue were more confused than Luo Zheng.
"This is a method of calculation." The green figure explained, "You humans have ten fingers, so when you calculate, you go from ten to one. However, we use red and green to calculate, so we go from two to one …"
Luo Zheng was a little confused, but the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi had already appeared above Luo Zheng's head. His eyes flashed as he asked, "What are the benefits of doing so?"
"Benefits? The advantage is that we have unparalleled computing power … "
As the green figure spoke, the image on the wall began to rise.
Thousands, millions, hundreds of millions …
Countless red and blue bugs were arranged together, and the lights of the two colors were constantly flashing. They converged the results of their calculations through a unique communication method …
"This method of calculation is very special. How powerful is it?" Yuanshi Tianzun asked excitedly. He looked like a student who was diligent in his studies.
"It can easily decipher Sanskrit," the green figure replied.
Hearing this, the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi's expression changed slightly.
For so many years, Luo Nian was the only one who could "decipher" Sanskrit. Luo Nian's ability to decipher Sanskrit seemed to be innate, or rather, he could naturally understand Sanskrit instead of decipher it.
However, the decipher method of the Ji-Chou civilization was completely different. They could rely on their terrifying computing power to decipher Sanskrit. Therefore, the secret of Sanskrit was not a secret to them at all.
Overall, the entire civilization relied on the deciphered Sanskrit to develop at a very fast speed!
"If that's the case, you can't be so unknown," the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi said.
Such a dominating civilization would definitely leave a mark on the Nirvana Realm, and not those illusory rumors.
Luo Zheng also nodded, agreeing with the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi's point of view.
"Haha …"
The green figure let out a faint laugh before saying, "We are too small. We are even smaller than the smallest mosquito in your world. It's very difficult for us to improve our individual strength."
Smaller than a mosquito, then it was really like a grain of sand …
It was very difficult for such a small individual to give birth to a powerful existence.
"Even if we are small, we still have the means of cultivation. Although our individual strength is not enough, our overall strength is not weak …"
Countless bugs appeared on the wall again.
These bugs combined together in a special way to form a whole body to fight against the ferocious beasts of the Chaos Era.
And their cultivation method was indeed unusual. They maintained a whole body to cultivate instead of being independent individuals …
This method was a bit like the situation of "9527" in the mind of the Chaos Ancient God. Every divided soul had its own division of labor, but when everyone combined together, they were a complete whole.
"Soon, our civilization became the dominating civilization of the entire Chaos. Like most dominating civilizations, we wanted to complete the Path of the End, so we moved step by step toward the upper levels of the Nirvana Realm until we saw the starry sky …"
Luo Zheng nodded subconsciously.
He and the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi both knew that it must be referring to the Mysterious World.
"What starry sky?" Li Bianxue asked quickly after seeing Luo Zheng nod. She felt more and more confused as she listened.
"It should be the starry sky of the 33 Levels of Heaven. It leads to the world outside the Chaos," Luo Zheng answered simply.
"You've been there? How do you know? You … "Li Bianxue threw out a series of questions.
Luo Zheng showed a helpless expression. "I'll tell you these questions later …"
"You can also understand the things in the starry sky through calculations?" the Heavenly Lord Yuanshi asked.

Chapter 3401
The Primeval Lord of Heaven looked surprised. "You've already done it?"
"Hum …"
Light and shadow appeared on the wall again. The scene constructed by the light and shadow seemed to be an extremely complicated process.
"Although the individuals of our civilization are small, they are not small enough," the green figure continued to explain. "After we process the sand, we can expand our computing power. It took us more than half of the Chaos Era to discover this method …"
The complicated process slowly turned into black boxes. These boxes were very similar to the Instruments of Civilization of the Tianzhi Civilization that Luo Zheng had fused with.
"Such a powerful thing is actually made of sand …" The Primeval Lord of Heaven exclaimed.
The green figure did not care about the Primeval Lord of Heaven's exclamation. It knew that their civilization was unique in terms of craftsmanship.
As the scene on the wall suddenly changed, it showed a world of ice and snow.
"This is the Yu Sheng-tian," Li Bianxue finally interjected.
After all, she had just walked all the way to the Yu Sheng-tian, so she knew everyone.
"Yes, if you came from the upper layer of the Ice Field, you should have seen those light spots. The light spots are distributed in the Cold Prison," the green figure said.
Luo Zheng nodded. "That should be something from the Xuanliang World …"
The scene on the wall quickly moved to the side of the "Cold Prison". Then, the black boxes were presented. After the green light on the boxes flashed, the green light outlined an illusory shape.
The light spots in the Cold Prison were determined through extremely fast calculations.
During the process of the scene on the wall, the green figure also introduced some strange words, such as algorithms and the like. This was probably a word unique to the Jiu Civilization.
Luo Zheng and the Primeval Lord of Heaven did not understand, but they roughly understood that the Jiu Civilization had indeed restored the things in the Xuanliang World through crazy calculations.
A strangely shaped monster was curled up in the Cold Prison.
The monster was imprisoned in the Cold Prison, but it did not seem to be completely dead. The scene showed that it was still blinking its eyes …
"The monsters in the Cold Prison, are they alive?" Phoenix blurted out.
She could not help but feel a trace of fear when she thought of being stared at by these strangely shaped monsters when she passed by the Cold Prison.
"Yes, most of them are alive. Only a small number of them are dead," the green figure replied.
"Are the monsters in the Cold Prison part of the Instant Civilization?" Yuanshi Tianzun asked.
"No."
The green figure sighed. They were like the humans and other ambitious sovereign civilizations. They were tirelessly trying to find the original Instant Civilization. They wanted to find the meaning of their existence from the Instant Civilization.
"Since you can see through the world outside the Chaos, haven't you found the true way to the Path of Finality?" asked Yuanshi Tianzun.
"Of course we have. We have considered many methods, such as using those powerful Nirvana tokens," said the green figure.
At the mention of the Nirvana Realm token, the Heavenly Lord of the Primordial Beginning's eyes lit up. "We humans have collected the Nirvana Realm tokens from the 33 heavens, such as …"
The green figure listened to Honoured Lord of the Origin patiently. When he finished, the green figure smiled and said, "You must have failed, right?"
"Of course we failed. Otherwise, we wouldn't be standing here today," said Phoenix.
The green figure shook his head. "I didn't make this deduction. We have already calculated the power needed to resist that needle."
Honoured Lord of the Origin's eyes widened. "Do you know how much power is needed?"
"Yes," continued the green figure. "It needs about 161 million Godly Jun's power …"
Hearing this answer, Luo Zheng, Li Bianxue, Phoenix, and Honoured Lord of the Origin all gasped.
The power of Phoenix and Luo Zheng was still hovering around tens of thousands of Godly Jun's power …
If hundreds of thousands of Godly Jun's power were released, it would be an extremely shocking number.
More than 161 million Godly Jun's power …
What kind of terrifying power was that …
It was hard to imagine even by association.
"Impossible." The Primeval Lord of Heaven shook his head like a rattle-drum. "The Human Ancestor sacrificed himself using the strongest Path of the End to release the power of more than nine million Godly Jun, but he was just a little bit away from completing the End …"
Luo Zheng was also inclined to believe Honoured Lord of the Origin.
After all, from the time he met Prince Ashoka to the Nirvana Realm Human Clan, all he knew was that the Human Clan had almost completed the Path of the End.
This 9 million Godly Jun's power was indeed terrifying, but compared to 160 million Godly Jun's power, it was still an order of magnitude lower. This number was really too exaggerated.
The green figure didn't care about Honoured Lord of the Origin's reaction. Instead, he continued, "We collected a lot of information about the 33 Heavens and arranged all the possible tokens of the Nirvana Realm. We calculated that the greatest power that could be obtained was 9.73 million Godly Jun's power.
Is there any difference between the power that your Human Ancestor released and our calculation? "
"…"
Honoured Lord of the Origin was stunned.
That pair of wise and farsighted eyes that seemed to know everything flashed with a trace of dullness.
Frankly speaking, when they knew that the Ji Chou Civilization was a bunch of bugs, Honoured Lord of the Origin and Luo Zheng more or less looked down on them. This kind of disdain came from human nature. What could a tiny bug do?
But now, Honoured Lord of the Origin understood that these bugs had indeed developed a powerful civilization on their own.
There was nothing that they didn't calculate and master!
Honoured Lord of the Origin still remembered the moment before the Human Clan sacrificed themselves, their faint voice spread throughout the entire galaxy.
"Today, I will use all my power and burn all the tokens. I will offer a terrifying power of 9.73 million Godly Jun's power …"
The Ji Chou Civilization had never obtained those tokens of the Nirvana Realm, but they had calculated so accurately. This indeed shocked Honoured Lord of the Origin.
"The things left behind in the Nirvana Realm seem mysterious, but they are actually illusory traps. They let the civilizations fall into them one after another, thinking that they can complete the Path of the End," said the green figure indifferently. "But no matter how you arrange and combine them, the optimal solution is none.
Complete the Path of the End! "
Honoured Lord of the Origin's face also showed that he was convinced. But when he turned his face, there was hope in his eyes. "Then what means can be used to break it?"
"The only way to break the Path of the End is the Energy Axis. The Energy Axis can transform into endless power," answered the Ji Chou Civilization.

Chapter 3402
After the Ground Shaker Clan member was swallowed by the black snake, there was an uproar in the tunnel, and the few Nirvana Realm creatures at the front stepped back.
"It's Otaki Otaki!"
"It can't be …"
"I knew it wouldn't be so simple this time, but why would Otaki Otaki appear?"
After the Nirvana Realm creatures saw the black snake, their faces were filled with despair.
After so many Divine Epochs, many Nirvana Realm creatures had studied the Unbroken Labyrinth and the Immortal Painting Scroll more thoroughly.
Most of the Nirvana Realm creatures knew which path in the Unbroken Labyrinth would lead to what kind of creatures, their strength, and how to deal with them. For example, the path chosen by the Three-Eyed Clan had a large number of poisonous leeches, and the Purple Cloud Clan.
The path chosen by the Purple Cloud Clan had a large number of Demon Shadow Butterflies.
While …
At the end of the Unbroken Labyrinth, there were usually stronger creatures guarding it.
Although there weren't many of them, they were extremely powerful.
For example, the creature "Insect Tapir" that appeared on the first page would often appear at the end of the Unbroken Labyrinth.
Although the Insect Tapir was powerful and its whereabouts were unpredictable, there was usually only one Insect Tapir guarding the end of the Unbroken Labyrinth. Naturally, the tragedy on the first page wouldn't happen.
Other than the Insect Tapir, there were also creatures of different sizes such as "Poisonous Pincer Beast", "Scaled Ghost", "Evil Slayer", and other creatures that often appeared.
These creatures were extremely powerful, but there were ways to deal with them.
For example, due to the Insect Tapir's form, it couldn't enter the Hexagonal Star Formation room. The Poisonous Pincer Beast's attack was extremely terrifying, but its movement speed was slow …
But other than these common creatures, there were also some less common ones, such as the Ghost in the Wall, the Monkey on the Ground, and so on. When encountering these rare creatures, one could only pray for good luck.
The Ghost in the Wall and the Monkey on the Ground weren't the most powerful creatures. The most powerful and rare creature in the Immortal Painting Scroll was undoubtedly the Otaki Otaki in front of them.
In the recorded history, the number of times Oda Orochi appeared was very few, only five times.
And in these five records, none of them had reached the Immortal Realm.
When Otaki Otaki first appeared, the Nirvana Realm creatures that entered the Immortal Painting Scroll didn't know how powerful it was, and almost all of them were killed.
The second time, it was much better. Those Nirvana Realm creatures knew that they could not resist this thing, so they chose to give up. When the time was up, they would be kicked out of the immortal picture scroll.
The next few times were the same as the second time. Even if he was unlucky, he could choose to give up, at least he would be able to keep his life.
Therefore, when the living beings of the Nirvana Realm saw Xie Qi, they all sighed. Since they had met with something that they could not fight against, they had no other choice but to give up.
"Looks like Brother Luo Zheng's luck isn't good. It's his first time in the Immortal Picture Scroll and he already encountered this thing," Fei Yu said with a wry smile.
"Yes," Fei Yu replied with certainty. "None of those who tried survived."
"We can only wait here obediently until the next Immortal Painting opens," Kuai Jian said.
Not only the two Three-Eyed Race members, but the other Nirvana Realm creatures had also given up.
They had time to wait for the next opportunity. After all, they had met Xie Qi, and returning empty-handed was not something to be ashamed of.
Luo Zheng was not the kind of person who would back down when faced with a little difficulty. Although Fei Yu had said that the Orochi Xie Qi was undefeatable, Luo Zheng still asked Yuanshi Tianzun in his mind.
"The first time that the Three-Eyed Race kid mentioned actually happened in Chaos Era 83, which was the fifth Chaos Era after we humans entered Pingyi Heaven," Yuanshi Tianzun said. "Nine of us humans entered the Immortal Picture Scroll, and none of us died.
If I was in the Immortal Picture Scroll at that time, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to return either. "
The humans were quite powerful in Pingyi Heaven at that time, so they naturally sent a lot of people into the Immortal Picture Scroll each time.
Even Yuanshi Tianzun had no chance of winning against Xie Qi. Luo Zheng also quickly made a choice. He gave up on the third page and waited for the Immortal Picture Scroll's time to end …
But just as the Nirvana Realm creatures chose to give up, a black shadow flashed under everyone's eyes.
Everyone was stunned for a moment before they reacted. Was that another big snake?
Because after turning into a picture, the angle of view was always looking down, so the end of the maze and the exit were above, but that big snake just flashed by from below.
"That's … another big snake?"
"Two, two big snakes?"
"That big snake won't come in, right …"
Someone's voice was already trembling.
Encountering the Orochi Xie Qi was already an extremely unlucky thing.
The Immortal Picture Scroll had opened and closed countless times, but Xie Qi had only appeared five times, and there was no record of two big snakes appearing at the same time!
Just as everyone was discussing in a trembling voice, the Xie Qi swept past from below while the other Xie Qi swept past from above. With one above and one below, all of the Nirvana Realm beings were blocked in the tunnel.
Fortunately, the two Xie Qi flashed by in an instant and disappeared quickly …
Just the shadow of the snake in an instant was enough to scare everyone.
"Do you think Xie Qi can enter this passage?" One of the Nirvana Realm creatures asked.
As soon as this question was asked, the pressure in everyone's hearts increased.
No one said that there was a safe zone in the Unending Maze, but those who were unwilling to rush out would stay in this passage and wait.
But was it really safe inside the passage?
"It, it should be safe …" Another Nirvana Realm creature answered.
"Yes, normally the Nirvana Realm creatures at the tail would not enter."
Kuai Jian affirmed.
"But that Xie Qi did not come from the tail," Fei Yu frowned and said.
Since there were so many anomalies in the Immortal Picture Scroll this time, even the most impossible things could happen. Moreover, who said that this passage was definitely safe?
Hearing Fei Yu's words, everyone's hearts were shrouded in a layer of ominous clouds. Wu Dang was even more dissatisfied and scolded, "You jinx!"
Fei Yu was also unhappy with the Purple Cloud Clan, and replied coldly, "We said it ourselves, it's none of your business!"
"You!"
Just as Wu Dang was about to retort, the Xie Qi below once again swept across horizontally. This time, when it was halfway across, it suddenly dived into the tunnel. The thing that the Nirvana Realm beings were most worried about had happened.
These Nirvana Realm creatures were originally very vigilant, and the moment they saw the Xie Qi enter the passage, they all rushed upwards.

Chapter 3403
The first to rush out were the three Nirvana Realm creatures from the Fenglan Clan.
The Fenglan Clan was also an ancient Nirvana Realm tribe. Although they had submitted to the Elemental Spirit Civilization, their status was much higher than the Purple Cloud Clan. The Immortal Realm experts under the clan leader had a certain level of influence within the Elemental Spirit Civilization.
This time, the Fenglan Clan was luckier. They sent four people into the Immortal Scroll, but only one of them died on the first page.
When the second snake, Xie Qi, appeared, the three Fenglan Clan members predicted that Xie Qi would rush up through the tunnel. The three Fenglan Clan members quietly moved along the tunnel.
Therefore, when the Xie Qi below them made a move, the three Fenglan Tribe members immediately rushed out.
"Rush out as fast as you can!"
"As long as we get out of the Endless Labyrinth, all the dangers will vanish!"
"…"
The three Fenglan Clan members had a strong desire to survive.
They did not know if they could successfully rush out of the Endless Labyrinth. They only knew that if they stayed, they would definitely die!
In order to survive, they could only gamble on that one in ten thousand chance!
But in the next moment, the three Fenglan Clan members fell into despair. The giant black snake that was hiding at the back of the tunnel suddenly swept over and swallowed the three of them with its bloody mouth.
There were no screams or bloody scenes. This was just a scene, but it exuded an indescribable fear.
At the same time, three spots of bloody light landed on the three Sanqing Stones in Pingyi Heaven. That area was the territory of the Fenglan Clan members. The Fenglan Clan members who were waiting outside immediately roared in anger.
This time, all the big clans had suffered heavy losses. Only the Fenglan Clan had lost one person. The Fenglan Clan members felt a sense of relief. Who would have thought that three of them would die at the same time?
The hearts of the Nirvana Realm creatures in the tunnel were filled with fear. There was a blockade in front and a pursuer behind. This was a dead end …
But under such circumstances, they did not have time to think.
The tunnel was not long. The giant snake, Xie Qi, would soon come up.
Even if the three Fenglan Clan members were swallowed by Xie Qi, they had no choice but to continue rushing up!
After the Fenglan people, another four Nirvana Realm creatures rushed out. These four Nirvana Realm creatures were luckier than the others. Perhaps the giant snake Xie Qi had just swallowed three Fenglan people and didn't have the time to turn back.
…
Seeing that the four creatures of the Nirvana Realm who rushed out were fine, the other creatures of the Nirvana Realm, including Luo Zheng, rushed out immediately!
In the silent scrolls, the creatures that had turned into paintings were still running wildly on the scrolls!
The end of the Unbroken Labyrinth was a series of intersecting passageways that looked like a magnified nine-square grid. After the Nirvana Realm creatures crossed the intersecting passageway, Luo Zheng immediately turned into the next parallel passageway!
Just as Luo Zheng and the others turned in, the Xie Qi at the bottom had already rushed up.
Another two Nirvana Realm beings couldn't dodge in time and were swallowed by Xie Qi.
"So miserable …"
The two Nirvana Realm creatures that were swallowed were extremely close to him. Kuai Jian's face turned pale as he watched them being swallowed. From his perspective, Kuai Jian could also see his own face that was as white as a sheet of paper …
In contrast, Luo Zheng and Fei Yu were much calmer.
Needless to say, Luo Zheng had experienced many life and death crises that these people couldn't compare to.
Fei Yu even relied on his own ability to take charge in the Thirteen Levels of Heaven. Those experiences in danger weren't in vain.
"The way Xie Qi moves is very strange," Luo Zheng analyzed while sticking close to the passageway.
"Yes, they seem to only be good at moving in a straight line," another creature of the Nirvana Realm said.
This creature of the Nirvana Realm was also sticking close to the wall. She was small and had a pair of pointy ears on top of her head. She looked like a half-human half-fox. As she was in the form of a painting, the complete details were barely visible.
Hearing this, Luo Zheng subconsciously sized up this' fox '.
In a panic, most people only thought about how scary Xie Qi was and how they should escape. However, this fox seemed to have the same judgment as him.
"That should be the case," Luo Zheng nodded.
The Xie Qi at the bottom made a turn and went into the passageway that everyone was hiding in. However, the Xie Qi's turning speed was very slow!
If the Xie Qi's turning speed was also very fast, everyone including Luo Zheng would have been wiped out long ago.
"If the Xie Qi's turning speed is slow, then it shouldn't be difficult to deal with it, right?"
Fei Yu's mind was also very fast. He felt a glimmer of hope for survival and immediately became excited.
At the end of the Unbroken Labyrinth, this space was a huge nine-square grid. Within the grid, there were many hexagonal star array rooms.
Under such a layout, there were corners in all directions.
The Xie Qi's speed was unimaginably fast. Even the fastest Ziyun Clan members couldn't possibly dodge it. However, if they were slow in turning, the threat to the Nirvana Realm creatures would be greatly reduced.
At this moment, the Xie Qi that was rushing forward turned back again. Its speed was still very fast.
Just as this Xie Qi rushed towards Luo Zheng, its speed suddenly became extremely slow. It slowly turned its head and turned towards the passageway that Luo Zheng and the others were in!
"It, it's turning around!" A Nirvana Realm creature said while trembling.
The Xie Qi's slow turn made it very close to the Nirvana Realm creatures that were hiding at the side.
"We'll follow it," Luo Zheng said calmly.
After that, Luo Zheng, Fei Yu and the rest of the Nirvana Realm creatures turned from the horizontal passageway to the vertical passageway.
The Xie Qi had just turned into the horizontal passageway when it realized that all its prey had turned into the vertical passageway. It was obviously stunned. Then, it could only slowly turn its head and follow them.
However, the Xie Qi's slow speed wasn't much of a threat.
The Nirvana Realm creatures kept turning from the horizontal passageway to the vertical passageway, then from the vertical passageway to the horizontal passageway, slowly moving upwards.
Their speed wasn't fast, but as they moved, step by step, they moved towards the exit of the Unbroken Labyrinth. The situation gradually became clear.
"Looks like this Xie Qi isn't as evil as the legends say …" A Nirvana Realm creature said in disdain.
"It doesn't know how to turn. What's so scary about it, hehe," Another Nirvana Realm creature laughed.
If it was so easy to break through, why did the Xie Qi stumble so many Nirvana Realm creatures?
Luo Zheng didn't say anything. He felt that something wasn't right.
If the Xie Qi was so easy to deal with, it wouldn't be so evil. After all, those who could enter the Immortal Picture Scroll were all people who could reach the Immortal Realm. None of them were fools.

Chapter 3404
These Paramita Lifeforms were fully focused on the first strand of Xie Qi when they were switching between the vertical and horizontal paths. They had neglected the second strand of Xie Qi.
And the second strand of Xie Qi was slowly rotating further away. Just as these Paramita Lifeforms were about to switch to the horizontal path, they coincidentally clashed with the second strand of Xie Qi!
A small portion of the Paramita Lifeforms were stunned!
"Rush over!"
Luo Zheng roared out. Both his hands pushed upwards, causing his entire body to move to the side. This move of his had used all his strength.
Now, there was no path of retreat. Other than charging forward, there was no other choice.
Luo Zheng was not the only one who made such a decision. Those Paramita Lifeforms who reacted swiftly also charged forward. When facing death, the explosive strength of these Paramita Lifeforms could not be underestimated.
And just as they charged out, the second strand of Xie Qi pierced through!
That black snake figure was a silent death charge!
These Paramita Lifeforms were all glaring at the Xie Qi as they charged forward. It was as though they could slow it down by glaring at it.
The dozen or so Paramita Lifeforms at the front charged over. Fei Yu, Kuai Jian and the others who were in the middle barely managed to charge over. Luo Zheng followed closely behind Kuai Jian, though he was slower by half a body's length.
At the next moment, Luo Zheng felt a terrifying force crashing onto his body. He was not swallowed by the Xie Qi. Instead, he was struck by the flying Xie Qi from the side. An enormous and terrifying force was exerted on Luo Zheng's body, causing him to spin like a top.
He spun rapidly in the passageway and only stopped after a long while.
When Luo Zheng stopped, he took a look at his own body and a look of horror appeared on his face.
Strands of intense pain spread out from his limbs and bones. The surface of that painting of his was filled with cracks. Clearly, his injuries were not light!
Since his body was injured, his Chaotic Origin Spirit naturally became fatigued. That also meant that the force of that collision had exceeded 100,000 divine jun …
But compared to the Paramita Lifeforms behind Luo Zheng, he was considered much luckier.
Apart from Luo Zheng, two other creatures from the Nirvana Realm were also hit.
Although the two Nirvana Realm creatures had also cultivated the Body of Eternity, their bodies were directly shattered by the terrifying collision. Broken limbs and blood flowed all over the ground …
However, what was presented in the scroll were all pictures, and it didn't look that bloody.
Luo Zheng and the rest were sent flying. The Nirvana Realm creature behind them was swallowed in a single gulp. Xie Qi's speed was too fast and he didn't even have time to scream.
"Brother, Luo Zheng, are you okay?" Fei Yu, who was not far away, asked.
Luo Zheng suddenly felt that the atmosphere was a little strange, as if all the Nirvana creatures were looking at him.
"I'm a little injured. Fortunately, I'm fine," Luo Zheng replied in a relaxed manner.
'What do you mean by a little injury …'
The Nirvana Realm beings present were all dumbfounded.
The creatures of the Nirvana Realm who could enter the Immortal Picture Scroll must have cultivated the Body of Eternity.
Since everyone had the Body of Eternity, the amount of God Jun Energy they could withstand should be about the same …
Even if I can only withstand 70,000 to 80,000 God Jun Energy, and you, Luo Zheng, are slightly stronger and have more Calamity Bone Inscriptions, allowing you to withstand 100,000 God Jun Energy, the difference shouldn't be so huge …
Of the two Nirvana Realm beings beside Luo Zheng, one was from the Inverse Refinement Race and the other was from the Iron Vein Race. These two Nirvana Realm beings were known for their powerful fleshy bodies. After cultivating the Body of Eternity, their fleshy bodies were much stronger than ordinary Body of Eternity.
But after that collision, how much did it shatter?
They found it inconceivable that Luo Zheng's body had only some cracks …
"It's good that you are fine. Let's continue moving upwards." Fei Yu let out a sigh of relief.
Luo Zheng's fleshy body was strong was his own secret. He naturally wouldn't ask about it.
The other Nirvana Realm beings also understood that Luo Zheng wouldn't answer or ask about it. But they still discussed it in private.
"I've heard that being able to reach the Chaotic Origin Realm in the Primal Chaos World is a unique method to strengthen the fleshy body."
"I've long heard of it. Even if we use a living being from the Sixteenth Heaven Chaotic Origin Sea, even if we cultivate that plaything to the limit, we can only withstand 10,000 to 20,000 God Jun Energy. It isn't worth mentioning."
"Then how did he withstand the collision of Xie Qi?"
"I don't know. If you want to know, you can ask him directly …"
The group moved through the horizontal and vertical passages time after time, slowly moving towards the exit of the Endless Maze.
The space at the end of the Endless Maze wasn't huge. As they got closer to the exit, the group gradually became excited.
Before this, no one had ever passed through the defense of the Great Serpent Xie Qi. But this group of people did it. This was something they could be proud of.
But including Luo Zheng, several Nirvana Realm beings were very cautious. Could it be that they could pass through the Endless Maze so easily?
"Go to the left. The second Xie Qi is on the other side!"
The half-human half-fox Nirvana Realm being at the front of the group directed the group in the direction.
Previously, they didn't pay attention to the second Xie Qi and suffered a huge loss. Now that everyone was paying extra attention, they naturally paid more attention.
"Upper right side!"
"Upper left side!"
"Upper right side …"
Under the reasonable guidance of the fox, the group continued moving along the slots. The two Xie Qi could only slowly turn their heads and could not accelerate.
"Upper right side!"
"Upper right side again!"
"Upper right side again!"
That fox continued to direct the group. No one discovered that the corner of the fox's mouth curled up, revealing a mocking smile.
"Yi?"
At this moment, someone in the group suddenly felt that something was amiss, "If we keep moving towards the upper right side, wouldn't we be getting further away from the exit of the Endless Maze?"
The exit of the Endless Maze was located at the center of the end. And they were moving towards the upper right side in a staircase. They were indeed getting further away from the exit.
"How are you leading the way!"
"Isn't it better to change the direction?"
"…"
Just as everyone was reprimanding that fox, the fox suddenly stopped. Following which, it let out a bell-like laughter, "You guys are really too slow for not noticing it …"
Hearing this, Luo Zheng, Fei Yu and the rest frowned.
At the same time, the two Xie Qi blocked them from the left and right sides. These two Xie Qi's body went around a few paths and completely blocked them at the upper right side.
This' fox 'deliberately led them to a dead end.
"You … why did you harm us!"
"Why did you do this!"
"You led us to a dead end. You will die too!"
When the Nirvana Realm beings saw the two Xie Qi blocking their path, their faces turned pale. At the same time, their eyes were filled with deep confusion.
They were all Nirvana Realm beings. Why did they lead them to a dead end?
"Is there a half-human half-fox Nirvana Realm race in Ping Yi Heaven?" Luo Zheng suddenly asked.