Ep 197 - Dangerous Envy
Word Count: 1135
[AMBIENT: SOCIAL GATHERING]
Yates might have been surprised by Ingrid’s feelings for Zane, but Rhys and Ethan could see exactly what was going on.
The second she saw Zane, the pretty, delicate girl started complaining that he hadn’t visited her. The guy must have some serious charm to have her so wrapped around his finger.
They wondered when Zane and Ingrid had even met. Could it have been during the Demon Purge?
“Hey, Zane, you gonna introduce us? This your girlfriend?” Rhys, the older of the two, teased.
Ethan was a lot more direct. He snapped to attention and gave Ingrid a mock-serious salute. “What’s up, Zane’s girlfriend?”
“Don’t be ridiculous!” Ingrid shot back, but a blush crept up her neck. She didn’t seem to mind what his friends were calling her.
Zane's friends were sharp enough to know exactly what that meant. A blush like that was the universal sign of a crush.
“Alright, fine! I’ll stop. For now,” Ethan shot back, glancing over at Yates. Ethan might be a little naive, but he wasn’t blind. Yates hadn’t taken his eyes off Ingrid since she walked in. From the looks of it, the guy clearly had a thing for her. And the more Ethan teased Ingrid about Zane, the darker Yates’s expression got.
Ingrid snorted, wrinkling her nose in annoyance. She turned to her friends and called them over. “Hey, girls, come here! I want you to meet someone. This is Zane!”
[SFX: EXCITED WHISPERS]
At her call, a few of her friends rushed over. They huddled up, giving Zane a thorough once-over with wide, curious eyes before they broke into excited whispers.
[MUSIC: LIGHT FLIRTATIOUS]
“So, this is Zane! No wonder you’re always talking about him, Ingrid. He's even more handsome in person!”
“Ingrid, you’ve got great taste. Way better than that Yates guy from House Moon.”
“So, is he your boyfriend? If he is, you owe us all dinner! What do you say?”
The girls buzzed with excitement, their cheerful voices like a flock of songbirds. Ingrid just stood there, her face getting redder by the second. She was totally embarrassed, but deep down, she was beaming.
She snuck a glance at Zane, trying to gauge his reaction, but his face was a blank slate---calm and unreadable as ever.
Meanwhile, a bitter frustration curdled in Yates’s stomach, and he felt the energy drain right out of him. Why was this happening?
The friends standing with Yates looked just as gloomy and resentful.
They all knew Yates wanted to get with Ingrid, but from the looks of it, things clearly weren’t going his way.
[MUSIC: TENSE DRAMATIC]
Suddenly, Yates clenched his fists, a fierce light flashing in his eyes. A vicious thought sliced through his mind. I’m going to kill Zane, no matter what it takes!
[SFX: WHISPER]
Noticing his grim expression, a friend beside him put a hand on his fist and slowly shook his head. “Yates, calm down,” he whispered. “Zane’s not some random guy. He’s powerful. You don’t want to start a fight with him.”
There was no way Yates could kill Zane here.
[AMBIENT: CROWD MURMURS]
Zane did seem powerful. The energy rolling off him was staggering. Even though he was a first level Adept, the disciples of the Skyreach Sect knew that rank wasn’t the whole story when it came to actual strength. Besides, if you believed the girls fawning over Zane, he'd killed a few demon generals.
How strong was a demon general? Yates and his friends had never been to the Demon Purge, but they’d heard enough stories. At Eagle Peak, the disciples cleared to fight them were, at a minimum, in the top fifty of the inner disciples.
But killing a demon general? They’d never heard of a single inner disciple from Eagle Peak pulling that off.
Still, they hadn’t seen it with their own eyes, and the girls were just gushing. They couldn’t be sure if it was true.
Even if Zane was only as strong as his rank suggested, losing his cool in front of Ingrid would be a terrible move. It would only backfire. Not only would Ingrid think less of him, she’d probably end up hating him.
[MUSIC: TENSE CONTEMPLATION]
At his friend’s warning, Yates relaxed his fists. He knew it would be stupid to make an enemy out of Zane right now. This was a House Moon party; a fight would ruin the entire event.
"I’ll play it cool for now," Yates swore to himself. "Then after the party’s over, I’ll deal with that arrogant pest!"
And as for Ethan... that little instigator was practically asking for a death wish. Yates told himself to just suck it up. He'd get his chance to deal with Ethan, too. Watching Ingrid smile bashfully at Zane felt like a punch to the gut. He tightened his fists again, his nails digging so deep into his palms they nearly drew blood.
Zane’s soul was far more sensitive than an ordinary person’s. He'd felt Yates's hostile stare locked on him from the moment he walked in.
But he wasn’t a rookie anymore. He’d killed countless masters in the imperial capital and faced down opponents of equal strength inside the Elysian Keep.
Zane knew there was a gap between his own power and that of a master in the Soul Realm, but he’d also learned that raw power wasn’t everything. There were other ways to close that gap.
[AMBIENT: ELEGANT PARTY GATHERING]
“Yates,” James Moon said, patting his son on the shoulder. He then turned to his guests. “I am deeply honored to have all of you here at our House Moon gathering. Please, forgive me if our arrangements fall short in any way.”
“You’re being too modest, Lord Moon!”
“It’s an honor to be invited, Lord Moon. You have no reason to apologize.”
Not all the guests were from the Great Houses. The truly elite families wouldn’t be caught dead at a small-time party like this one.
Although House Moon was in decline, it was still a noble house. Besides, with so many people depending on the family for their livelihood, most guests knew to be polite to James.
[SFX: AMBIENT PARTY CHATTER]
With that, James took his son to make the rounds and greet their guests.
Dustin leaned toward Zane, his voice low. "One Soul Realm master. That's all they've got."
Zane watched James and Yates work the room. "I know."
The two of them exchanged a look. Dustin could summon a stronger one with a single letter home. And Zane had killed one.
Neither of them was particularly worried.
Yates took a deep breath and tried to control his anger, but as they approached Zane’s table, he didn’t know if he’d have the strength not to beat the hell out of this guy.