Ep 199 - The Privileged Heir
Word count: 1064
[MUSIC: TENSE CONFRONTATION]
Yates stood motionless as tension thickened throughout the banquet hall. Conversations stalled, while everyone subtly shifted their positions to try and see what would happen next.
All eyes were on the Bloodstone Bracelet that Yates was trying to give Ingrid in a desperate bid for her affection. The bracelet that Ethan had just revealed was a stolen treasure of his family’s.
Ethan was sure of his claim. It was clear to him that James was cornered and had no way to justify himself.
“Stop talking nonsense, Ethan,” James scolded him coldly. “We have guests. We can deal with family business in private.” It was a classic move for powerful men: use authority to shut down an argument you know you can’t win.
But Ethan held his ground, even against the head of the house. “We can talk later, but you can’t just give away the bloodjade bracelet. It’s not yours to give!”
“Shut up!” Yates snapped, his patience gone.
A sharp pang of regret hit him. He should have thrown Ethan and his crew out before Ingrid even arrived. He never imagined they would cause this much trouble---that they’d make him look like a complete fool in front of her.
It was humiliating. The gift he'd just offered so grandly belonged to someone else. He couldn’t stand the thought of what Ingrid must be thinking. The idea of her looking down on him because of someone as pathetic as Ethan filled Yates with a murderous rage.
James remained silent. As the family elder, it was beneath him to get more involved. He decided to just stay calm, hold his tongue, and see how this played out. He wasn’t worried about his ability to handle Ethan.
Ethan was a born coward, a total waste of space. He was terrified of Yates. He'd probably fold the second Yates raised his voice at him.
[AMBIENT: CROWD MURMURS]
But Ethan didn’t back down. Before he could say another word, a voice cut through the murmurs of the crowd.
“House Moon might be fading, but they’re still a noble house. And James is a master of the Soul Realm. Where does this kid get the nerve to defy him? If I’m seeing this right, he’s only a First-Level Adept.”
“He just publicly humiliated James in his own home. He’s a dead man walking.”
The unfolding drama was far more interesting than the feast itself. Guests abandoned their tables, forming a circle around the confrontation.
Courtship of Ingrid would have to wait. Yates flashed a frigid smile and declared, “People who start trouble in this house don’t last very long.”
He snapped his fingers. Three servants came forward with long wooden rods, moving toward Zane.
[SFX: RODS SWINGING]
Zane looked at the rods. Then he looked at Yates.
He raised his arm. The rods hit it and splintered. Three quick kicks sent the servants skidding across the marble.
[SFX: BODIES HITTING FLOOR]
The hall went quiet.
"Get out," Zane said pleasantly.
[SFX: SPEAR MATERIALIZING]
With an elegant flick of his finger, a sleek spear materialized in Yates’ grasp.
[SFX: SPEAR THRUST]
The weapon darted forward, its razor-sharp tip aimed directly at Zane’s heart. “They die,” Yates hissed, “and you’ll be no different!”
[AMBIENT: TENSE CROWD MURMURS]
The crowd whispered nervously, confused as to why Yates would target Zane, when Ethan had been the one to call him out on his stolen gift.
But to those in the know, it made all too much sense: Yates wanted Ingrid, but Ingrid wanted Zane. Therefore, Zane had to be eliminated.
Ingrid stepped back, and the other women from Maiden’s Peak moved with her.
The color drained from Brenda’s face. “Yates, don’t do this,” she pleaded nervously. “Just let it go!”
“Shut up. Stay out of this, Brenda,” Yates snarled. “He disrespected me, and he’s going to pay for it.”
[MUSIC: THREATENING INTENSITY]
Killing Zane was the only thing on his mind.
As an elder and a master of the Soul Realm, James’s pride kept him from stepping in. This punk was the best of Ethan's crew, a mere First-Level Adept---leagues below Yates. There was no reason to worry about his son.
Even so, James said, “This has nothing to do with you, Brenda. If the young men want to duel, let them.” It was a clear signal, giving his son the green light to teach Zane a painful lesson.
Brenda bit her lip and fell silent.
But Ingrid gave her a long, searching look. “Why are you so worried, Brenda?” she asked, her eyes calm.
Brenda shook her head. “I’m worried my brother will lose, Ingrid.”
Brenda knew what Yates was doing was wrong, but he was still her brother. Her best friend Ingrid had told her countless stories about Zane. From everything she’d heard, Brenda knew Zane was much more than he appeared.
Ingrid just smiled. “Your brother will be fine.”
Brenda blinked. “Why? How can you be so sure?”
Ingrid replied calmly, “Your brother isn’t in Zane’s league. Now, your uncle\... that would be an interesting fight.”
[MUSIC: CONTEMPLATIVE STRINGS]
Brenda’s eyes went wide with disbelief. She’d heard the stories---how Zane had fought demon generals, how he’d stood up to House Sterling in Alba Imperia, how powerful he was. But to compare him to a master of the Soul Realm\... that was just unthinkable.
Ingrid, however, trusted her own judgment.
Zane, with that unique Raw Vitality of his, had nearly killed Hugh back in Alba Imperia. And at the time, he was barely even an Adept.
[MUSIC: MYSTERIOUS REVELATION]
James wasn’t worried. There was no denying that his son was a prodigy. At fourteen, Yates met a mysterious master on the outskirts of the Capital who taught him the Willow Spear Art. James had looked into it himself: a Tier Four Cultivation Method.
Yates seemed so blessed by fate that James was certain his son would one day surpass him and lead House Moon to new heights. That was why he had poured all of the family’s resources into creating the Willow Spear for him.
It looked like House Moon was in decline, but the truth was, James had bet everything on his son.
In every way, he was leagues ahead of his peers. He seemed to get better every single day---faster, fiercer, his rate of improvement accelerating. Now, as a Fourth-Level Adept, he could crush anyone at his level with ease. James was confident that even a Seventh-Level Adept would have their hands full fighting Yates.
Yates had never disappointed his father. But all that was about to change.