Ep 182 - Good Vibrations
Word count: 1058
[AMBIENT: TRAINING GALLERY]
"He’s been in there before, hasn’t he?"
The steward’s question hung in the air, but Leo had no answer.
Based on what Zane was doing in Emberfin Lake, the answer had to be yes. But they both knew it wasn’t possible.
The steward had asked on pure instinct. But he definitely remembered registering Zane's Acolyte Sigil for the very first time just today. That meant this had to be Zane’s first time ever setting foot in Emberfin Lake.
And if Leo was shocked, the steward was floored.
It wasn't just Adepts who trained in the lake. It had seen its fair share of acolytes.
[AMBIENT: UNDERWATER PRESSURE]
The lake was split into different difficulty levels, starting from the surface and dropping down nearly a thousand feet.
Generally, though, the deepest an Adept could manage was the first five levels---from the surface to a depth of about five hundred feet. They almost always failed if they went any further.
Besides, the water in the lake was far denser than normal. And the deeper you went, the more intense the pressure became.
At thirty feet down, the water pressure was only about five hundred pounds. But at a hundred feet, it shot up to two thousand. If someone dared to go below three hundred feet, the force they'd face would be over ten thousand pounds. It was brutal.
A depth of five hundred feet was the absolute limit for most Adepts.
[SFX: MAGICAL ENERGY]
On top of the crushing pressure, the acolytes also had to face Gillwretches generated by the magic array every time they trained.
And the Gillwretches were supposed to get stronger the deeper you went.
The ones near the surface were the weakest of all---fourth-grade Gillwretchs. They weren’t impossible to beat, but they were still a solid challenge.
[AMBIENT: UNDERWATER BATTLE]
Zane knew fighting underwater was a whole different ball game than fighting in the air. His flying blade had always been blindingly fast, but in the water, he wasn't so sure. Any loss of speed here would gut the blade’s impact.
The broken blade was still as sharp as ever, slicing through the water with ease.
[SFX: BLADE CUTTING WATER]
Still, it seemed the resistance of the Heavy Water sapped most of its power. The flying blade Zane threw only managed to knock one of the Gillwretch’s spears aside before it was lost in the turbulence.
Luckily, with the spear deflected, an opening appeared right in front of him. Zane saw his chance and shot through it.
Truth was, Zane was much stronger than these yellow Gillwretches. He couldn’t figure out why his broken blade was so much weaker than the spears they were throwing. He kept mulling it over as he dodged their attacks.
He’d already confirmed the spears were just ordinary animal bones.
But when the Gillwretches threw them, the bones spun at an incredible speed, creating a vortex of tiny bubbles. Once the spears were wrapped in that pocket of air, their speed seemed to rocket forward.
“Bubbles?” Zane thought. “How are they doing that? Is it just the spin? If that's all it is, then maybe I can make my blade spin, too!”
[SFX: BLADE WHOOSHING THROUGH WATER]
He flicked his thumb, and the broken blade, which had been swept away by the current, immediately shot back into his hand.
[SFX: SPINNING BLADE UNDERWATER]
The next time he threw it, he made sure to put a high-speed spin on it.
But even though it was spinning just as fast as the spears, all it created were a few small whirlpools. A moment later, the water’s resistance killed the spin entirely.
“It’s not just the spin,” Zane realized. “They’re using some other trick.”
To figure it out, he waited for the Gillwretches to attack again. While dodging the other spears, he reached out and tried to snatch one from the water.
[SFX: SHARP CUTTING SOUND]
The second his fingers grazed the spear a sharp pain shot up his arm. Shocked, he yanked his hand back.
[MUSIC: TENSE REVELATION]
He saw several tiny, deep cuts sliced across his palm.
If his body wasn’t as tough as a Spirit Weapon, he might have lost his whole hand right then and there.
“I’ve got it!” The realization hit him. He finally understood why the spears were creating so many bubbles.
As they were spinning, they were also vibrating at an extremely high frequency. That frequency was what was producing the massive amount of bubbles.
Once they were sheathed in that air pocket, the spears could spin as if they were in the open air, letting them build up incredible speed.
But how did they make the spears vibrate like that?
[MUSIC: DETERMINED TRAINING]
Suddenly, Zane wasn’t in any hurry to dive deeper. He'd come to Emberfin Lake to train and get stronger, and mastering this new skill seemed like the perfect place to start. He focused, and soon, the broken blade in his right hand was vibrating at an extremely high speed.
“Go!”
[SFX: BLADE HUMMING]
With the blade humming violently in his grip, Zane felt its power resonating through his arm. The vibrations tingled against his palm, sending waves through his body. He narrowed his eyes, and launched the weapon forward, his muscles tensing as he released the humming steel into the heavy water.
[SFX: BUBBLES CHURNING]
[MUSIC: ADVANTAGE GAINED]
A trail of churning bubbles erupted in the water.
Instead of the sound of slicing air, a stream of tiny, intense bubbles trailed the broken blade as it shot forward. Using this technique, its speed increased by more than ten times.
It was only a little slower than it was in the air. In the dense Heavy Water, that kind of speed was terrifying.
Now, Zane’s broken blade completely outclassed the spears thrown by the Gillwretches.
The closest Gillwretch could never have imagined Zane would copy its technique so fast. The moment it saw the flying blade hurtling toward it, wrapped in a stream of bubbles, it kicked its frog-like legs, trying to scramble away.
[SFX: BLADE SLICING THROUGH WATER]
Of course, Zane wasn’t about to let his prey escape. Even though the Gillwretch was able to twist away from the blade’s initial path, he simply redirected his weapon with a focused thought.
The broken blade carved an elegant arc through the Heavy Water, trailing a stream of protective bubbles as it changed course.
When it pierced the creature’s scaled hide, the Gillwretch instantly burst into shimmering specks of light. A surge of satisfaction coursed through Zane as he watched the light show---another small victory in his relentless pursuit of mastery.